Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5751 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 2018 No. 108 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 27, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable H
AROLD  R
OGERS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF MAJOR GENERAL GEORGE W. KEEFE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) for 5 min-utes. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to mourn the loss of a great American patriot, Major General George W. Keefe, former adjutant gen-eral of the Massachusetts National Guard who passed away last week at the age of 79. A lifelong resident of Northampton, Massachusetts, which I had the honor of representing for 20 years, General Keefe dedicated his life in service to our country, his community, and pro-tecting the freedoms we all hold so dear. He was called an airman’s airman and wore the uniform with great honor and, indeed, distinction. I knew General Keefe well and got to see firsthand what an exemplary leader and decent person he was. Beyond his military accomplishments and com-mendations, he was a loving husband, a dedicated father and grandfather, and, indeed, to many of us, a very good friend. General Keefe enlisted with the 104th Fighter Wing at Barnes Air National Guard Base as an airman in 1956 at the age of 17. He continued to work his way up the ranks, becoming an officer and eventually serving as the wing’s vice commander. In 1999, General Keefe was asked to serve as adjutant general of the Massa-chusetts National Guard, the first Air Force officer and western Massachu-setts resident to hold that post in more than 200 years of history. He retired in 2005, ending what is deemed a remark-able military career. The motto in the Air Force is: ‘‘Aim High. Fly-Fight-Win.’’ George Keefe did that for nearly a half century. On behalf of the United States of America, I want to thank him for his distin-guished service to our Nation. My thoughts and prayers today are with his sons, Gary, Jim, Patrick, Tim, and their families. May he rest in peace. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BISCAYNE ENGINEERING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to congratulate Biscayne Engineering as it celebrates its 120th anniversary this year. Located in my congressional district, Biscayne Engineering is one of the old-est, if not the oldest, business in the city of Miami, and the oldest land-sur-veying firm in south Florida. Over 100 years ago, two partners, J.S. Frederick and W.E. Brown, established the company just 2 years after the city was incorporated in 1898 and made the first official map of the city of Miami just a few years later. They were tasked with many impor-tant projects that were vital to the community, including laying out the city of Miami’s streets and other parts of the greater county. One of its most prominent projects was their role in developing Villa Vizcaya, a north Italian, 16th century-style villa built for James Deering. Biscayne Engineering’s responsibility included building and road design, pav-ing and drainage layouts, and the con-servation and preservation of the es-tate’s national foliage. Today, Vizcaya Museum and Gardens serves as a na-tional historic landmark for visitors from all over the world to come and enjoy. Mr. Speaker, for decades, Biscayne Engineering has had its hands on so many important projects that have helped shape south Florida into the jewel that it is today. It has aided in the development of our U.S. post office building; Federal courthouse; Bayside Marketplace; Fisher Island; Star Is-land, which is the area’s first manmade island; and even assisted with the ren-ovation of many of the historic art deco hotels in Miami Beach, which is located in my congressional district. Additionally, Biscayne Engineering has been involved with the Miami-Dade Transit Metromover, the Miami-Dade Public Library System, and the Adri-enne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts. Biscayne Engineering has profes-sionally partnered and worked with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.000 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5752 June 27, 2018 
private clients, local municipalities, counties, and State government, and even played a larger role in the sur-veying and construction of two of my alma maters, the University of Miami—go ’Canes—and Florida Inter-national University—go Panthers. The list goes on and on. Most importantly, its engineering surveyors, planners, and staff uni-formly promote the company’s core values of integrity, honor, and leader-ship in their work and, to this day, still continue the commitment and the tradition of its founders. So congratulations to Biscayne Engi-neering on its 120th anniversary. I am always glad to celebrate anything that is older than I. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MAJOR GENERAL GEORGE W. KEEFE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a proud servant of the people and Commonwealth of Massa-chusetts, Major General George W. Keefe, who passed away last Thursday, June 21. He will be laid to rest tomorrow, June 28, in Northampton, Massachu-setts, surrounded by his family, friends, fellow officers, and the men and women who served with him throughout his 49-year career in mili-tary service. Major General George W. Keefe was born in 1939 in Northampton. He at-tended public schools in Northampton and graduated from Northampton High School in 1956. He received his associ-ate’s degree from Holyoke Community College in 1966. He enlisted in the Massachusetts Air National Guard’s 104th Tactical Fight-er Group in 1956 as a crash fire rescue specialist, attaining the rank of master sergeant before he was selected for a commission as an officer and first lieu-tenant. He served as a squadron group and vice wing commander at the 104th Tac-tical Fighter Group before being se-lected to serve at the Massachusetts National Guard Joint Force Head-quarters. He was the last member to serve in uniform of the Massachusetts Air National Guard that was federally activated and deployed from October 1961 to September 1962 in Phalsbourg, France, for Operation Stair Step, the U.S. military’s response to the Berlin crisis. George was also enshrined in the U.S. Air Force’s Enlisted Heritage Hall at Maxwell Air Force Base in Alabama as one of the few general officers who rose from the rank of airman basic to major general. He was selected and appointed as the 39th adjutant general of Massachusetts in 1999 by Governor Paul Cellucci. With this appointment, he became the first U.S. Air Force officer to serve as a Massachusetts adjutant general since 1778. That is a long time, even by Mas-sachusetts reckoning. He continued to serve under Lieuten-ant Governor and then acting Governor Jane Swift, and Governor Mitt Romney reappointed George to a second term as adjutant general, a position he held until retiring in 2005 after 49 years of military service. Among one of the bigger moments in his job as adjutant general was Sep-tember 11, 2001, when he had to acti-vate the Massachusetts National Guard to respond to the terror attacks on New York City that involved two jet-liners that had flown out of Logan International Airport in Boston. I first met Major General Keefe at the start of my second term in office. I had just won my first reelection cam-paign and he had just been appointed adjutant general of Massachusetts Na-tional Guard. I respected the experi-ence and long view that he brought to his position, and he was very helpful to me then and over the next 6 years in understanding the priorities of the Massachusetts National Guard and in-troducing me to the soldiers, airmen, and uniformed men and women who serve in the Massachusetts Guard and Reserve as well as their families. I appreciated his Irish sense of humor, and I admired and respected his dedication and service to our country, the Commonwealth, and, most impor-tantly, to the many servicemembers of the Massachusetts National Guard. Like so many in Massachusetts, his little piece of heaven was his house on Cape Cod where he watched his sons and his grandchildren enjoy the beach, the waves, fried seafood, and the count-less whiffle ball and miniature golf matches. The eldest of his four sons, Gary W. Keefe, currently serves as adjutant general of the Massachusetts Air Na-tional Guard. Few lives are as filled with service, love of friends and family, and so firm-ly rooted in Massachusetts as that of former Major General George W. Keefe. He made a big difference in the lives of so many people and in the life and his-tory of our Nation. Major General George W. Keefe was not only a great man but, more impor-tantly, a very, very good man. He will be missed, and we salute him as we say farewell and Godspeed. 
f 
PROTECT AMERICA’S BAKERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
OTTHEIMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to stand up for New Jersey jobs and New Jersey workers who are the best in the world. In Fair Lawn, New Jersey, the men and women at Mondelez bake top-quality products like Oreos, Teddy Grahams, Ritz Crackers, Chips Ahoy, and Barnum’s Animal Crackers. Mr. Speaker, Americans who enjoy Oreos or animal crackers would be proud to know that these delicious cookies and crackers are produced right here in America. However, I be-lieve they would be shocked to hear about some of the recent practices of the company that threaten these em-ployees’ retirement and will outsource their U.S. production jobs to Mexico, an issue that Democrats and Repub-licans alike are rightly sounding the alarm about. In the past month, Mondelez an-nounced its intention to withdraw from its employees’ retirement plan that the company participated in for 60 years, setting the stage for a retirement ca-tastrophe that could impact more than 100,000 American workers. The men and women I represent have worked hard and played by the rules their whole lives, responsibly planning for their retirements, taking care of their families, doing what they need to do. Mondelez can’t just change the rules mid-game as people prepare for their retirements. Mr. Speaker, America’s seniors de-serve security when they retire, and our workers deserve nothing but the best. Destroying retirement income, shipping jobs overseas to low-wage countries, and eroding the middle class sets us on a dangerous and unsustainable path. I stand with the Bakery, Confec-tionary, Tobacco Workers & Grain Mil-lers Local 719 in Fair Lawn and Amer-ica’s jobs. And I hope that Mondelez can sit down at the table and find a way to keep their commitments to New Jersey workers while continuing to make a great product in the United States of America and in New Jersey in the district that I represent. f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF ARMY CORPS COLONEL JOHN P. LLOYD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Colonel John P. Lloyd, commander of the Pittsburgh District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Colonel Lloyd assumed command of the Pittsburgh District on July 29, 2016. As the commander, he is responsible for carrying out the district’s mission within the Ohio River basin, which in-cludes more than 328 miles of navigable waterways on the Allegheny River, Monongahela River, and upper Ohio River. The Pittsburgh District’s 26,000 square miles include portions of west-ern Pennsylvania, northeastern West Virginia, eastern Ohio, western Mary-land, and southwestern New York. Colonel Lloyd oversees 23 navigation locks and dams, 16 multipurpose flood damage reduction reservoirs, 80 local flood damage reduction projects, and other projects to protect and enhance water resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.002 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5753 June 27, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I had the pleasure of getting to know Colonel Lloyd during his tenure as commander of the Pitts-burgh District, and he is a true public servant. He oversaw the Task Force Power Restoration effort in Puerto Rico after Hurricanes Irma and Maria tore through in 2017. He mobilized and deployed a specialized team of Army Corps personnel to rebuild the island’s electrical system of power generation, transmission, and distribution. Colonel Lloyd’s team worked with FEMA, the Department of Energy, the power industry, Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, and other stake-holders to restore more than 85 percent of Puerto Rico’s prestorm power grid within 5 months. He displayed truly re-markable leadership. Colonel Lloyd also took the time to travel to my district to meet with the Punxsutawney Borough Council to dis-cuss modifications for its levees. His expertise is second to none, and we have been fortunate enough to have Colonel Lloyd at the helm in the Pitts-burgh District. Prior to his assignment in Pitts-burgh, Colonel Lloyd served in a vari-ety of engineer command and leader-ship positions, including battalion commander of the 19th Engineer Bat-talion at Fort Knox, Kentucky. Before that, he served as the Army fellow as-signed to the Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies in Honolulu, Hawaii. b1015 Colonel Lloyd is a man with numer-ous military awards and decorations, and the accolades surely do match his commitment and dedication to his job. I wish Colonel Lloyd the best as he departs the Pittsburgh District for his next assignment. He has done an out-standing job for the citizens of north-western Pennsylvania, and it has been an honor and a privilege to get to know this fine individual over the past 2 years. 
f 
NATIONAL ORCA PROTECTION MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) for 5 minutes. Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago we reached another troublesome mile-stone for Puget Sound’s magnificent, but endangered, orca population. We lost yet another southern resi-dent orca, this time a 23-year-old male known as L–92. This is the third death just in the past year, and the sixth in the past 2 years. There are now just 75 southern resi-dent orcas left, the lowest number in 34 years. In fact, that is 13 fewer whales than when the population was initially listed in 2005 under the Endangered Species Act. I am sad about this loss and frus-trated about this loss. Indeed, I am be-yond frustrated. I am beyond frus-trated because we know what needs to be done to save this iconic species in the Pacific Northwest. But, quite frankly, the Federal Government isn’t living up to its partnership responsi-bility. Back home in Washington State, the State government and local partners are stepping up. Governor Inslee earlier this year created the Southern Resi-dent Orca Task Force, and he charged two terrific public servants, my friends, Stephanie Solien and Les Purce, with leading it. But these part-ners can’t do it alone; nor should they. We all have to fully invest in the Puget Sound in orca recovery pro-grams. Mr. Speaker, I remind you Puget Sound is the largest estuary in the United States of America. The good news is we know where our efforts need to go. Eighty percent of the southern resident orcas’ diet is Chi-nook salmon, and these salmon popu-lations are in just as much danger of extinction as our orcas. Most of those salmon are gone. They are being eaten by sea lions and seals; and where they swim in Puget Sound it is simply too polluted. The pollution killing them is from storm water runoff—toxic metals, chemicals, and oils. It kills literally in a matter of hours, and we have the film to prove it. Storm water runoff re-mains the largest source of pollution in Puget Sound, and we cannot save our beloved orcas and our salmon if we do not stop that. Period. So we will fight for funding to tackle these problems. But I also believe we have to raise awareness. That is why last week I introduced H. Res. 959, which would designate June 2018 as Na-tional Orca Protection Month. In Washington State, we gather every June to celebrate our southern resident orcas. We join Native American Tribes who have always recognized and hon-ored the spiritual and cultural signifi-cance of that which they call the Blackfish. But as the orca population has de-clined, these celebrations have turned into calls for action. National Orca Protection Month serves as a reminder of work that requires a year-round focus. It is vital that the Federal Gov-ernment play its vital partnership role. So, Mr. Speaker, I ask Members to please support this resolution to des-ignate National Orca Protection Month. Let’s give our Federal agencies the resources they need to prevent the extinction of this beautiful and mag-nificent species and ensure that orcas survive for generations yet to come. 
f 
PREVENTING INTERNATIONAL PARENTAL CHILD ABDUCTIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the heartbreaking story of an Orange County father named Randy Collins. On March 3, 2003, Randy and his wife welcomed their son, Keisuke, to the world. Following their divorce, Randy be-came concerned that his ex-wife would flee with their son to her home coun-try, Japan. The California court sys-tem agreed and granted a temporary retraining order on foreign travel for their son. Unfortunately, this did not prevent the abduction from taking place. I first met Randy during my time in the California State Senate when we worked together on legislation to pre-vent future international parental child abductions. I am proud the bill, named Keisuke’s Law in honor of Randy’s son, passed the State legisla-ture unanimously and was signed into law on September 7, 2012. This month marks 12 years since Randy, a loving and devoted father, last saw his son. Japan continues to have one of the worst records in re-turning abducted children like Keisuke to the United States. Mr. Speaker, as the mother of four, I can only imagine the pain that Randy must feel missing each passing mile-stone of his son’s life. This is a grave injustice, and I will continue to sup-port Randy and all families whose chil-dren have been wrongfully abducted. REMEMBERING DUNCAN GIGERICH  
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Duncan Gigerich whose life was trag-ically cut short on June 9, 2018. Duncan was only 19 years old at the time he passed away, yet he dem-onstrated maturity well beyond his years. As a high school football player, Duncan demonstrated leadership skills both on and off the field. Duncan just returned from a semester abroad in New Zealand where he studied the country’s natural history and culture while learning invaluable outdoor lead-ership and survival skills. He was un-doubtedly full of life and eager to em-bark on each new adventure before him. Mr. Speaker, I offer my sincerest condolences to the Gigerich and Dirk families and to all those who were for-tunate enough to know Duncan. His memory will live on through the many friends, family, and places that experi-enced Duncan’s loving spirit and im-mense appreciation for the outdoors. May he rest in peace. 
CONGRATULATING DEPUTY CHIEF GARAVEN ON  
HIS RETIREMENT  
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Paul Garaven on his retirement from the Tustin Police Department. Deputy Chief Garaven has served over 30 years at the Tustin Police De-partment beginning in 1987 as a part- time volunteer reservist. Since then, he has held numerous positions within the department, including time spent undercover with the special investiga-tions unit. No matter the title Deputy Chief Garaven held, he devoted every day of his career to making the city of Tustin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.004 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5754 June 27, 2018 
a safer and better place for all. On July 3, Deputy Chief Garaven will end his long and impressive career at the Tustin Police Department. Thankfully, the image of a young un-dercover officer will remain to inspire the next generation of officers at the police department to strive for great-ness in everything they do. Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-gratulating Deputy Chief Garaven on an outstanding 30-year career serving the city of Tustin. I wish him the abso-lute best as he begins the next great chapter of his life. 
f 
ENSURING SAFE DRINKING WATER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, this weekend I visited Flint, Michigan, where I met with neighbors and resi-dents, one of whom was named Joyce. Joyce is one of the more than 100,000 residents in Flint who have and con-tinue to endure a life-threatening water crisis in their city which has gone on for years. Like too many fami-lies in Flint, Joyce’s family has suf-fered incredible loss due to the crimi-nal contamination of Flint’s water. Joyce’s son’s name is Joseph. He was a father of three, and as any of us would, he believed that the water that he drank, bathed, and cooked with—the water that he gave to his children—was clean. He had no reason to believe oth-erwise. But after the city of Flint changed its water source from Detroit’s water system to Flint River in 2014 to cut costs, Joseph began to develop rashes and bacteria that ate away at his flesh forcing him to tape his skin together on his face and on his back with band- aids. It was so bad that his doctors kept asking him if he had traveled to a Third World country recently. Where in the world had he been that had caused his organs to deteriorate as rap-idly as they were? Joseph died leaving behind his three children; his family; and his mother, Joyce, who continues to keep his mem-ory alive. Joseph’s story is tragic and heart- wrenching, and the sad part is that this is not a one-off case. Samples of drink-ing water from Flint found 13,000 parts per billion of lead in the community’s water, which is nearly 900 times higher than the EPA’s maximum limit of 15 parts per billion. Scientific evidence shows that this lead contamination has killed at least a dozen people in Flint from Legion-naires’ disease. It has deteriorated the short- and long-term health of tens of thousands of people in the community, including at least 9,000 children under the age of 6. It has created ripple effects causing fetal death and lower fertility rates that continue to have an impact on those who are affected and will con-tinue to have an impact on this com-munity for generations to come. Now, there are other cases of other illnesses such as cancers and things that are not even being tracked but are likely related to this contaminated water, and that will continue. It has been over 1,500 days since this crisis began and the people of Flint today still do not have clean water. Understandably, they don’t trust their government to tell them the truth after they have been told the water is clean and safe time and again, only to show that it is not and people continue to get sick. These are the same officials who de-cided to put cost savings over human lives who later reassured the commu-nity that the water was safe when they knew that it wasn’t. Now, despite this heartache, death, and destruction, those responsible in local, State, and Federal Government have not been held accountable for creating and per-petuating this horrifying crisis. Poisoning over 100,000 people through their water is criminal, yet not a single person has been charged. Not only that, but the State has declared the water in Flint to be lead-free and has shut down the only bottled distribution facility in the city. The need is still there, so we have churches and volun-teers in the city who are coming to-gether and cobbling together a means to distribute bottled water in whatever way that they can, taking care of each other, and demanding accountability for those responsible for this devasta-tion. Understandably, they feel they have been forgotten, that their voices are not being heard, and that they have been left behind. All they are asking is that this country—our country—hear their personal stories and shine a light on the problems that still continue. We understand that this is not a problem isolated to Flint, Michigan, but is a problem that faces commu-nities all across the country. We know that Flint is not alone. With the aging and crumbling infrastructure in this country, we know that too many of our communities don’t have safe water to drink. We need Federal investment in our country’s dangerously dilapidated water infrastructure now. In my home State of Hawaii alone, it is estimated that we will need over $1 billion in drinking water investment over the next 20 years just to ensure that our people have safe water to drink. I am a co-sponsor of the WATER Act which will make these critical im-provements to our drinking water and wastewater services, replace old, lead- ridden pipes, and stop sewage overflows and other problems that are contami-nating our national water infrastruc-ture. We must hold those responsible for the poisoning of Flint accountable for the lives that they have ruined. Along with passing the WATER Act into law, we need to expand water testing in high-risk areas. We need to send a mes-sage to this country that we stand to-gether. Water is life. We cannot survive without it. f 
b1030 RECOGNIZING THE YOUTH POLICE ACADEMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Youth Po-lice Academy of the Falls Township Police Department, a 10-day program beginning its 2018 session in mid-July. This program teaches its students Pennsylvania State laws and gives them lessons on patrol scenarios, crime scene investigations, and the use of force. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to share with you that this educational experi-ence for Bucks County youth has re-ceived over $6,000 in community sup-port. Much of this money was raised through a 5K run and walk event in Fallsington, organized by Marty McLoughlin and Linda Stout, the co- owners of a local small business, Ex-treme Fitness Personal Training. I commend the work of Police Chief Bill Wilcox and the entire Falls Town-ship Police Department for supporting our community’s youth in their per-sonal and professional growth and re-spect for law enforcement. I would like to recognize Marty and Linda for their hard work and gen-erosity, and I encourage all in our com-munity to follow their lead. 
RECOGNIZING DR . ROBERT FRASER  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a public servant in our community for his dedication to improving the lives and educational ex-periences of Bucks County students. Dr. Robert Fraser, the super-intendent of the Council Rock School District, recently became one of only 30 school superintendents in the United States who have successfully com-pleted the National Superintendent Certification Program. This elite program helps bring edu-cation professionals up to speed on the various issues that have recently pre-sented themselves in the American school system. It covers such facets as instructional leadership, budget man-agement, and using cutting-edge tech-nology to ensure that Council Rock students and faculty are fully equipped to use the most effective resources to assist in the learning process. I commend Dr. Fraser for his com-mitment to our community’s students, and I would like to thank Jerold Grupp and the entire Council Rock School Board for all of their work. 
RECOGNIZING KRISTIAN FALKENSTEIN  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the heroic actions of an individual from Bucks County, Pennsylvania, for which he was award-ed the Carnegie Medal from the Car-negie Hero Fund Commission, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.006 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5755 June 27, 2018 
seeks to recognize acts of civilian brav-ery. Kristian Falkenstein of Newtown played a critical role in saving the life of a 32-year-old man who was swept out to sea on the Jersey shore last year. After seeing a man being swept out to sea, Kristian immediately sprang into action, swimming out to save this man. When Kristian reached him, he was barely above water. Despite the tall waves and strong rip current, Kristian was able to keep him afloat for several minutes until two life-guards and a responding police officer were able to swim out to them with flo-tation devices to assist until the Coast Guard was able to respond. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to report that all individuals have recovered from this ordeal. I commend Kristian for his tremendous act of bravery, which undoubtedly saved a life that day. Kristian, your community and your country are extremely proud of you. 
f 
CIVILITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, I am proud to rise and stand in the well of the House of Rep-resentatives. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of those who have called for civility. I compliment them for calling for civil-ity. I think civility is appropriate at all times, Mr. Speaker. But, Mr. Speaker, I do have to ask: Where were you when the President of the United States of America stood be-fore law enforcement officers and said: ‘‘You don’t have to be so nice when you have a person within your care, cus-tody, and control?’’—paraphrasing him, of course. Where were you? Where was your compassion for the many people who have been victims of brutality at the hands of the constabu-lary? Where is your compassion for all of the people who understand that that was a message, whether intended or not, to the constabulary, to the police, that you can abuse people who are in your care, custody, and control? Where were you? Why didn’t you speak out? Where was your sense of outrage as it relates to the President of the United States of America encouraging persons to assault people who were within the care, custody, and control of the po-lice? Encouraging people to do something unconstitutional, it would have been and is still unconstitutional to assault people who are in your care, custody, and control if you are a peace officer. So where were you? Where were you when the President said there were some nice people among those at Charlottesville, among those who happened to be in the KKK, the neo-Nazis, those who were espous-ing harm to people? As you know, a woman lost her life in Charlottesville. Where were you? Why didn’t you come out strongly against the President of the United States of America? Where were you? And then, my dear brothers and sis-ters, my friends across the aisle, why is it that you can find reason to condemn others and propose a resolution, but you propose not one single resolution for the President, who has consistently and persistently created levels of inci-vility that have emanated to the ex-tent that some people may have been harmed already? Where were you? Why is it such that you can be out-raged now, but you couldn’t be out-raged then? Where are you now as he is putting his bigotry into policy? Where are you? Why won’t you stand up to this President? Are you aiding and abet-ting? Are you a part of the President’s support system to implement the big-otry that he is putting into policy? It is being done when the President met with those persons at the White House to talk about immigration and then called certain countries in Africa s—-hole countries. Now, ironically, he wants to do away with the diversity visas, which happen to impact people who may be in Africa. Where were you? Why won’t you stand up? Why would you want to implement this level of bigotry into policy? I commend you and I am proud of you for wanting civility. I stand for ci-vility. But I also know this. Those who make peaceful protests impossible make other forms of protest inevitable. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President and to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
f 
COMBATING OPIOIDS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the opioid crisis that is devastating families and com-munities all across our country, in-cluding my fair State of North Caro-lina and my district in western North Carolina. Like the rest of the country, North Carolina has not escaped the opioid epidemic. My State has seen a terri-fying rise in the number of opioid-re-lated deaths. From 1999 to 2016, the number of deaths tied to opioids grew more than 800 percent. In 2016 alone, there were are almost 2,000 opioid deaths in North Carolina. In just one of the counties I represent, Gaston County, the number of dis-pensed opioid pills rose to more than 20.5 million pills. That is in a county of just over 200,000 people. That same county experienced a thirteenfold jump in heroin deaths, as well. While I can list facts all day, it is only by talking to the loved ones who have lost family members due to opioid addiction or those who have come through addiction and are on the other side that you can truly understand the devastating effects of this crisis. Take, for example, one of my constituents, Jennifer Kline. Jennifer lost her brother, Jake, to opioid addiction. Before Jake became an addict, Jennifer and her brother shared a very, very close relationship. But opioid addiction turned him into a person she barely knew. Even though Jake went to rehab and had a family who supported him through this whole process throughout his addiction, he still lost the battle against opioids. I had the honor of meeting with Jen-nifer. She helped me and my staff host a workshop for local law enforcement in my district, where she shared the heartbreaking story of Jake’s addic-tion. Jake’s and her story is a powerful reminder that we must do more to ad-dress this epidemic. We are not doing enough. The human toll of this crisis is very, very real, indeed. Like Jennifer, I have been working hard to help raise awareness in my dis-trict, the 10th District of North Caro-lina, against the dangers of opioid ad-diction. I have been working with local businesses, law enforcement officials, and other community leaders to com-bat this crisis: I have hosted roundtables and helped facilitate dis-cussions between community leaders on different ways we can work together to combat this crisis and this epidemic; I have been there as local municipali-ties have received funds for tools that enable safe disposal of unused prescrip-tions, as well. Over the past 2 years, there have been dozens of bills passed in the House that will help people like Jake and pro-vide support for family members like Jennifer. These bills address this issue from all sides. Some of these bills help with the prevention of addiction; oth-ers ensure everyone has access to treatment and help facilitate their re-covery; still, others provide important support to communities affected so that they can have the tools and re-sources they need to combat this epi-demic. Last Friday, these bills were passed in the House of Representatives to-gether in a bill, H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. It is now headed to the United States Senate and, hopefully, to the Presi-dent’s desk for signature. This is an important, holistic step that this Chamber has taken on a bi-partisan basis to help combat the opioid epidemic and help prevent the tragedy experienced by the Kline fam-ily from happening to other families in this country. We all have stories. We all have loved ones who have been affected by this crisis. Congress must do more. We will continue this fight until we eradicate this epidemic once and for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.008 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5756 June 27, 2018 
IMMIGRATION AND GOP’S ATTACK ON WORKING PEOPLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call attention to the outright assault on working people in America by the Trump administration. When candidate Trump ran and car-ried States like Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin, he promised to renegotiate NAFTA to secure U.S. jobs and stop outsourcing. He said he would fight to raise people’s paychecks. Well, wages aren’t keeping up with the cost of living as workers backslide on hourly wages, while healthcare and prescription drug costs rise and retire-ment benefits are being cut. This week, Harley Davidson just an-nounced it will outsource hundreds of jobs because of the Trump trade war. Meanwhile, the NAFTA trade deficit remains far too high under the Trump administration. That means more lost U.S. jobs and a diminished middle class. Now, why has President Trump de-layed NAFTA renegotiations so critical to creating a level playing field both in our country and across our continent? Instead of renegotiating NAFTA to heal these gaping deficits and to pre-vent pitting one group of workers against another on this continent, he is targeting the lowest wage workers in the Americas and tearing them apart from their children, their families, and their communities. Most are agricul-tural workers who work in grueling jobs, for which U.S. citizens rarely apply. b1045 Let me bring you to Ohio. Just in the past 3 weeks, Ohio communities have faced six massive worker raids at two Corso Lawn and Garden centers and at four Fresh Mark animal slaughter fa-cilities. America has a choice: We can either grow and process our food and flori-culture inside this country; or, if we fail to tend it, we will outsource more and more of our production and be forced to import more food and cede more jobs that relate to agriculture. These worker raids create a climate of fear where workers are too afraid to stand up for their rights, to report wage theft, or to redress dangerous work conditions facing them. Working in a meat slaughterhouse is among the most dangerous jobs in the United States of America. NAFTA forces workers who work in these jobs to exist in a shadow economy and be treated as, yes, less than human. The raw truth is NAFTA was pur-posefully designed to create an exodus of millions of displaced small farmers in the Mexican countryside who have become an exploitable underclass of vast dimension across this continent. Millions and millions of small farmers were turned off their land, forming an endless pool of cheap, exploitable labor in the Americas. I call it the most sig-nificant continental sacrilege in my lifetime. Voila. There it is, the cold, hard truth of NAFTA’s underbelly, still left unaddressed after a quarter century. Their lives are viewed as cheap, those human lives given no value in this con-tinent’s enormous economy. Yet we wouldn’t eat without them. We wouldn’t recreate without them. Where is President Trump? Instead of fixing this NAFTA problem, he has sidelined NAFTA renegotiation. In-stead of fixing this problem, congres-sional Republicans passed a GOP tax scam that gives away trillions to the ultrawealthy—the top 1 percent got 83 percent of the benefits—while adding trillions to our deficit. Meanwhile, workers are facing increased health costs, cutbacks in retirement benefits, unaffordable medicine and healthcare, and rising education costs for their children. How about that? Instead of carefully targeted trade relief and going after closed global markets, the Trump ad-ministration starts a trade war with most of our allies. It isn’t productive that this Presi-dent of the United States is offending the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada. Really? Our closest neighbors. Young people are expressing work-place frustration as well with the jobs in the so-called gig economy with Uber or elsewhere, where a 20-year-old, sure, can work, but with far fewer benefits and much less security and stability. Mr. Speaker, it is time for a better deal for workers across this continent, starting with an enforceable NAFTA trade pact that has strong labor provi-sions and a labor secretariat on both the agriculture and industrial side. I am one of the Democrats willing to work with Republicans and roll up my sleeves to reach that compromise, as difficult as I know it will be. 
f 
TAX REFORM AND ECONOMIC HEALTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, proud to share a snapshot of ris-ing wages, more jobs, and increasing opportunity in the Fourth Congres-sional District of Washington, which I have the distinct pleasure of rep-resenting. In the city of Yakima, unemploy-ment is at 5.5 percent, as reported in April by the Washington Employment Security Department. That number is reportedly the lowest it has been for that month since electronic reporting began in 1990. Yakima County is the most populous county in central Wash-ington and had a May unemployment rate at 6.0 percent, which is the lowest rate in decades. In another major population center in Washington, the Tri-Cities, unem-ployment was at 5.2 percent in May. Wages in the Tri-Cities area are up 3.8 percent over 2017 and are among the fastest growing in the State. The latest jobs report showed de-creasing unemployment rates across my district in every single county, with Okanogan at 6.3 percent; Grant, 6.1; Franklin, 5.5; Douglas at 5.2; Ben-ton at 5.1; Adams at 4.8; and Walla Walla at 4.3. New jobs in construction, food manu-facturing, and professional business services are largely driving the re-gional growth in the labor force. These numbers are more than just statistics, Mr. Speaker. Increasing employment opportunities mean families can pro-vide a more secure future for their chil-dren. Graduating students are able to choose from more options after gradua-tion. My constituents deserve a Federal Government whose policies foster this kind of growth through lower taxes and smarter regulation. We should encour-age entrepreneurs by helping, not hurt-ing, growth. Since tax reform was made law, local businesses in my district, such as Irwin Research & Development and Abbott’s Printing in Yakima, have expressed op-timism at the prospect of increasing investment and giving earnings to workers rather than the Federal Gov-ernment. The ability of businesses to write off the full value of equipment and other assets will help Buhrmaster Baking Company in Yakima plan for equip-ment upgrades. Chukar Cherries in Prosser has announced a $1.8 million, 12,000-square-foot expansion, in large part due to tax reform. Cacchiotti Orthodontics announced hourly raises for their Moses Lake em-ployees thanks to tax reform. Pacific Power, which serves Yakima County, announced that it will pass tax reform savings on to its ratepayers. Wash-ington Federal, with branches in Moses Lake and Quincy, announced 5 percent merit-based increases in wages for all employees earning less than $100,000, as well as an investment in employee training programs. Pacific Northwest companies such as Alaska Airlines, Costco, Boeing, Premera Blue Cross, and Starbucks have announced millions in increased benefits, raises, employee education, and nonprofit donations. To sum it all up, central Washing-ton’s economy is experiencing growth, and that is good news for workers and for their families. I will continue to work on behalf of my constituents to promote economic opportunity, and I am proud that this tax reform is work-ing as it was promised to work. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.010 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5757 June 27, 2018 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 52 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Dr. Jack Trieber, North Valley Bap-tist Church, Santa Clara, California, offered the following prayer: Father, I thank You so much, Al-mighty God, that we can come into Your presence and pray for this great body of people that serve us. We thank You for our Congressmen today. We pray that You keep them safe, men and women, their children, their mates, their grandchildren. We pray for our country today that it would have this day of safety and secu-rity. Lord, it is my prayer that as our leaders serve today, that You give them wisdom, that You give them pa-tience, that You give them kindness and understanding. May we remember the words of the Scripture that: ‘‘Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people.’’ Remember the Bible says today that: ‘‘Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord.’’ We thank You for America. We thank You for the privilege of prayer in this very sacred assembly. In Jesus’ name, amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CICILLINE led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING DR. JACK TRIEBER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
HANNA ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to introduce my friend and con-stituent, Dr. Jack Trieber, pastor of North Valley Baptist Church in Santa Clara, California in my district. I thank him for his words of wisdom and comfort, and for joining us to deliver the opening prayer in the House today. Pastor Trieber has been a source of strength and guidance for my constitu-ents for more than four decades. He is a personal friend and counselor and source of strength to me. He and his wife, Cindie, have been friends since I entered public service, and I appreciate that Pastor Trieber accompanied me to last year’s annual National Prayer Breakfast to join leaders from across the country in discussing the impor-tance of faith to the strength of our Nation. Under the pastor’s leadership, North Valley Baptist Church has grown from an assembly of 22 people in 1976, the year I was born, to a current average of 3,000 in attendance each Sunday. He is a true patriot. He believes in this country, and it is a real honor to have had him open our House with his prayers. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
TAX CUTS ARE WORKING (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) MR. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, it has only been 6 months since the new tax reform law was put into place, but al-ready, we are seeing many positive eco-nomic outcomes. Unemployment is at the lowest rate in 18 years; Hispanic and African Amer-ican unemployment has reached a record low; over 1 million jobs have been created; and there are now more job openings than job seekers. Wages are increasing, and Americans are see-ing more money in their wallets. On top of that, people are also seeing lower utility bills, keeping more of their hard-earned money. Small busi-nesses are increasingly optimistic about the economy, reporting higher wages for their workers and plans for expansion. Mr. Speaker, the promising results we have seen in such a short time show that the tax cuts are working. And this is just the beginning. Let’s take these results, build on them, and continue to better the lives of the American peo-ple. 
f 
COVERAGE FOR PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, the Af-fordable Care Act improved access to quality healthcare for millions of Americans. One of the most important protections in this law is that insur-ance companies can no longer deny people coverage because they have a preexisting condition. Millions of Americans with arthritis, cancer, diabetes, mental illness, and other preexisting conditions have bene-fited from this requirement. And that is why it is so disturbing that earlier this month the Trump administration went to court to argue that insurance companies should no longer have to cover people with preexisting condi-tions. If they succeed, it will further un-ravel the Affordable Care Act. It will be harder for individuals and small businesses to buy health insurance. Some experts believe that there will be even more Americans without health coverage than ever before. This is wrong. The President is putting the in-terests of health insurance companies and health insurance company CEOs ahead of American consumers. Republicans in Congress should be demanding that this President stop. They should demand that their con-stituents have access to the best healthcare possible, but, instead, they are silent in the face of a President trying to take away coverage for pre-existing medical conditions. It is wrong. We can do better. f 
PRAYERS FOR KATIE ARRINGTON (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, South Carolinians extend sin-cere thoughts and prayers to State Representative Katie Arrington, who was injured in a tragic auto accident on Friday. We are grateful to learn that Katie will make a full recovery. On June 12, Katie achieved the Re-publican nomination for Congress for the historic First District of South Carolina. When successful in Novem-ber, she will be the first Republican Federal elected official in the history of South Carolina, in the tradition of Ambassador Nikki Haley who was South Carolina’s first female Governor in 340 years. Also, yesterday, Republicans nomi-nated Pamela Evette to be the first fe-male Republican Lieutenant Governor ever, and Lexington Republicans se-lected Paula Rawl Calhoon for the South Carolina State House. Katie served as an executive with military defense contracts, ensuring servicemembers will have the tools necessary to succeed. She is on the board of many organizations, including Women In Defense, Charleston Defense Contractors Association, and South Carolina Cyber. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations on yesterday’s pri-mary victories by Governor Henry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.012 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5758 June 27, 2018 
McMaster, Attorney General Alan Wil-son, and congressional nominee Wil-liam Timmons. 
f 
IMPROVE OUR HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the more than 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions who are under attack from the Trump administration. Some of these people have chronic health conditions such as asthma and diabetes. Some are waging courageous fights against cancer. Some are tack-ling challenges with mental health or substance abuse. These are our family and friends. They are our neighbors, our coworkers, our caregivers. They are us. Sadly, if the administration has its way, they will once more be subjected to discrimination that could deprive them of coverage, condemn them to a lifetime’s worth of staggering medical bills, and push their families into dev-astating bankruptcy. One of my constituents in Highland Park who found coverage through the ACA wrote me: 
My preexisting condition is not a result of my lifestyle choices, as some like to believe. I don’t deserve to be demonized and finan-cially thrashed just because of something I cannot control. 
I agree. Seventy percent of the public also support making sure people with preexisting conditions have protec-tions. I urge the Trump administration to abandon its legal effort to under-mine the ACA. Enough with the sabo-tage. We owe it to these 130 million people to do better. Instead of building bar-riers to healthcare, let’s work together and improve our healthcare system. 
f 
WELCOMING CONGRESSIONAL ART COMPETITION WINNER MEGAN SMITH TO THE CAPITOL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today I welcome Megan Smith to the Capitol. Megan is the winner of the Pennsylvania Fifth Con-gressional District’s Congressional Art-work Competition. The annual art competition, orga-nized by the Congressional Institute, showcases the artwork of high school students across every congressional district in the country. Megan just graduated from Bellefonte Area High School earlier this month. Her artwork titled, ‘‘Spoons,’’ is a drawing of five different spoons on top of blue, pink, and white collage paper. All of the winning pieces will be dis-played for the year in the Cannon tun-nel where they will be viewed by Mem-bers of Congress, staff, and the many visitors of the Capitol every day. I am looking forward to spending time with Megan and her parents at this afternoon’s reception where she and her fellow winners from across the country will be honored for their work. I congratulate Megan and all of the students who participated in the com-petition, and I am excited to see all of the new artwork hanging in the tunnel. f 
STATEHOOD FOR PUERTO RICO (Mrs. MURPHY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to express my support for bi-partisan legislation to begin Puerto Rico’s transition to statehood. There are over 3 million U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico, and over 5 million indi-viduals of Puerto Rican heritage in the States. My Florida district is home to more Puerto Ricans than any other district in the country. I care deeply about Puerto Rico be-cause my constituents care deeply about Puerto Rico. But every Member of Congress should care about Puerto Ricans because they are our fellow citi-zens. We are part of the same American family. Puerto Rico has been a territory for 120 years. Its residents are treated un-equally under key Federal laws. This impairs economic progress and quality of life, spurring migration to the main-land. And even though Puerto Ricans serve in the military with distinction, they cannot vote for their President and Commander-in-Chief. They have no Senators, and have only one nonvoting delegate in the House. The hard truth is that Puerto Rico’s lack of political power too often makes it an afterthought in Washington, as the Federal Government’s poor re-sponse to Hurricane Maria made pain-fully clear. I support statehood because I support equality. The people of Puerto Rico de-serve the same rights and responsibil-ities as their fellow citizens in Florida and every other State. Puerto Rico has earned its star on the American flag. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THOSE AFFECTED BY THE EASTPOINT FIRE (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the hardworking people of Eastpoint, Florida, who lost their homes, their belongings, and even their livelihoods to a devastating fire this week. This past weekend a fire broke out in Franklin County, which destroyed more than 40 homes and almost 1,000 acres. My heart goes out to those whose lives have been forever changed by this horrible and unexpected wild-fire. My office stands ready to assist them in any way we can. Thank you to all of our first respond-ers, volunteer firefighters, and local law enforcement for your heroic efforts in containing this blaze. Your quick ac-tions saved many lives. Thank you also to Franklin County Sheriff, A. J. ‘‘Tony’’ Smith, Franklin County Emergency Management Direc-tor Pam Brownell, local community leaders, the Salvation Army, and the American Red Cross, all of whom stepped up and provided aid and com-fort to those who need it the most. Mr. Speaker, please join me in pray-ing for the victims and their families during this time of loss. f 
POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER AWARENESS DAY Mr. SUOZZI asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, 20 vet-erans commit suicide in the United States every day. This is not only a crisis; it is a national shame. Today, June 27, is Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Day. We need to come together as Democrats and Republicans to help those suffering from PTSD. Too many veterans suffering alone in the dark are not eligible for VA bene-fits, or are unable to navigate the VA bureaucracy. I am proud to have introduced the bi-partisan Mental Health Services for All Veterans Act, H.R. 2736, which would provide every member of the military mental health services, whether Active Duty, Reserve, or National Guard, even if they were less-than-honorably dis-charged. Mental health, PTSD, 20 suicides a day—this crisis in a community of he-roes must be addressed. 
f 
b1215 HONORING WILLIAM DALLUGE (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my friend, William Dalluge, Jr., a lifetime resident of Blue Mound, Illinois, who retired as Pleasant View Township clerk in April. William, who is known to everyone as ‘‘Whompie,’’ is a staple in the Blue Mound community. Born and raised there, Whompie has always called Blue Mound home. Even from a young age, he knew the importance of giving back to his community. In 1961, he started a small business by leasing and operating the Standard Gas station in town for 9 years. The following 16 years, he was co-owner of the Blue Mound Furniture Store. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.014 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5759 June 27, 2018 
What is most remarkable about Whompie is that he has spent nearly all his life in the service of others. Not only is he a U.S. Army veteran, but Whompie sat on the Blue Mound Town Board for 4 years, serving as the village president another 4. He volunteered his time as a Boy Scout troop leader and has been ac-tively involved in the Interchurch Food Pantry since 1984. For the past 29 years, the citizens of Blue Mound have known Whompie as their Pleasant View Township clerk until his retire-ment this spring. However, if you ask him, Whompie’s greatest accomplishment has been his nearly 69-year marriage to his wife, Nelda. Together, they have three chil-dren, six grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren. Whompie, congratulations on a well- earned retirement. Best wishes to you and your family. 
f 
FOREIGN INTERFERENCE IN U.S. ELECTIONS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, the 2016 election and its fallout highlighted what many Americans already knew, that special interests bankroll can-didates in exchange for expected favors down the road and loopholes allow for-eign governments to influence our elec-tions. Look no further than the perva-sive impact of Russian-sponsored polit-ical ads on Facebook in 2016. My bill, the REFUSE Act, Repelling Encroachment by Foreigners into U.S. Elections, tightens campaign finance laws and lobbyist disclosure rules to protect our democracy from foreign in-fluence. First, to stem the bleed of special in-terest money into our elections, our bill sets a reasonable limit on foreign ownership within corporate PACs and 501(c)(4) nonprofits that spend on our elections. Second, the bill tightens re-porting requirements for foreign agents and gives the Justice Department real enforcement authority to go after the bad guys. Until we repeal Citizens United, which threw open the floodgates for billionaires and special interests to spend unlimited secret money on our elections, we need commonsense legis-lation like the REFUSE Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in fortifying our democratic Republic against foreign influence. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER MATHEW MAZANY (Mr. JOYCE of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I want to honor the life and serv-ice of a brave constituent of mine, Mentor police officer Mathew Mazany. Officer Mazany, a 14-year veteran offi-cer, was killed in a tragic hit-and-run on Sunday morning while helping with a traffic stop. He achieved his dream by following in the footsteps of his father, who also served as a police officer for 34 years in Maple Heights, not too far from Men-tor. His coworkers and those who knew him best described him as a happy-go- lucky kind of guy who enjoyed pro-tecting the Mentor community. Officer Mazany leaves behind a son, brother, father, and countless others who had the pleasure of knowing him. His legacy and dedication to public service will not be forgotten. My prayers are with Officer Mathew Mazany’s family, his friends, the city of Mentor, and the Mentor Police De-partment during this difficult time. f 
SUPPORTING OUR MILITARY (Mrs. ROBY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong support for H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appro-priations Act. Over the last year and a half, our unified government has taken the nec-essary steps to unleash the economy and foster growth here in the United States. Because of this work, our econ-omy is strong today. Now we must do the work required to ensure that our military is strong, too, especially after the damaging seques-tration cuts and funding limitations placed on our military by the previous administration. As a member of the Defense Subcommittee of the Appro-priations Committee, I have been proud to have a seat at the table through this process. I appreciate the leadership of Chairwoman K
AYGRANGER as we work to properly fund our military. I am grateful to serve Alabama’s Sec-ond District that is home to Maxwell- Gunter Air Force Base and Fort Rucker. I am proud that this bill pro-vides the resources to support their critical missions. Mr. Speaker, one of Congress’ most fundamental constitutional respon-sibilities is to provide for the common defense. This bill fulfills that responsi-bility and ensures that our military re-mains the tip of the spear. I will proud-ly vote for H.R. 6157 to properly fund our military. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 6157, DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 29, 2018, THROUGH JULY 9, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 964 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 964 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution and available pro forma amendments described in section 3 of House Resolution 961. Each further amend-ment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments described in section 3 of House Resolution 961, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Com-mittee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from June 29, 2018, through July 9, 2018 — (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 4. It shall be in order without inter-vention of any point of order to consider con-current resolutions providing for adjourn-ment during the month of July, 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to my colleague from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 964, which provides for the consideration of addi-tional amendments to H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.017 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5760 June 27, 2018 
Act for fiscal year 2019. This rule makes in order an additional 29 amend-ments: 8 Republican, 16 Democratic, and 5 bipartisan amendments. Mr. Speaker, as we discussed on this floor yesterday and many times pre-viously, providing funding that our men and women in uniform need to de-fend this great Republic is by far the most important responsibility we have as Members of the United States Con-gress. Today’s rule gives us the oppor-tunity to get the input and hear the voices of additional Members as we lis-ten to and consider their amendments to H.R. 6157. In the National Defense Strategy that was released late last year, Sec-retary Mattis described the situation facing our Armed Forces this way: ‘‘Today, we are emerging from a period of strategic atrophy, aware that our competitive military advantage has been eroding. We are facing increased global disorder, characterized by de-cline in the longstanding rules-based international order—creating a secu-rity environment more complex and volatile than any we have experienced in recent memory.’’ Indeed, Mr. Speaker, I would say more than any that we have lived through and any that we have existed in since World War II. Without the kind of sustained and predictable investment that appropria-tions bills and the appropriation proc-ess needs, we will simply not be able to restore readiness to modernize our military or to maintain our strategic advantage. We will rapidly lose our ability to project our forces as well as our military advantage. We cannot allow that to happen. The rule and the underlying bill that we are debating today are both crucial steps to continue the progress that we have already made and crucial steps toward ensuring that the commitment that we made in order to provide 2 years of funding for our men and women in uni-form is kept. This bill helps provide the very re-sources and modernization that the Na-tional Defense Strategy said were so crucially needed. We have to make sure that our Department of Defense can provide combat-credible military forces needed to deter war and protect the security of our Nation. Today’s rule, Mr. Speaker, gives us the opportunity to debate this impor-tant piece of legislation and get the input from Members of this body who would like to make it even better. One of the amendments, Mr. Speaker, made in order by this rule was offered by my colleague from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) and cosponsored by a bipar-tisan group of Members. It would allow the Department of Defense to dual buy CVN–80 and CVN–81. These are our next two aircraft carriers. The Navy has stated that this dual buy authority could likely save taxpayers $2.5 billion on these two aircraft carriers. This amendment serves two purposes. It helps ensure that we are using tax-payer resources wisely, and it helps move us toward the Navy’s necessary and stated goal of a 355-ship Navy. There are several other good amend-ments, Mr. Speaker, made in order by this rule, some that I probably won’t support. But the rule takes serious ideas about how we can strengthen the Nation’s Armed Forces, how we can make the defense of this Nation our priority, and brings them to the floor of this House for our consideration. I look forward to considering each amendment and completing the De-fense Appropriations process in this House. The work we are doing here is vital, but it is only part of the job, Mr. Speaker. We have to pass the appro-priations bill through this body, and then we have to make sure that our colleagues on the other side of this building, our colleagues in the Senate, do the same. We can’t hold funding for our military hostage to other prior-ities, even for additional domestic spending. We simply must provide reli-able funding at necessary levels for the men and women in uniform who are putting their lives on the line for all of us. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge sup-port for the rule that will allow consid-eration of additional amendments to H.R. 6157. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the underlying bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this rule makes in order 29 amendments to H.R. 6157, the De-partment of Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019. The underlying legislation is the product of bipartisan negotiations, which have been going on for months. Bipartisan negotiations are a really good thing, and I am glad that, on this one issue, we are finding ways to work together. In particular, I want to recognize the work that Representative AGUILAR , Representative H
URD, and many of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been doing to create a path for-ward and look for a solution to Presi-dent Trump’s self-created Dreamer cri-sis. That is what we are supposed to be doing here: working together to solve problems. Unfortunately, this Republican lead-ership doesn’t believe in working with the other side. They are only inter-ested in negotiating with their own. So it is not surprising that it isn’t going very well. That is why they pulled their own immigration bill last week. Maybe the Republican leadership, which has blocked the bipartisan Dream Act time and time again, and which has blocked the bipartisan USA Act time and time again, should trust their Members to craft and vote on compromise legislation. b1230 But they don’t have the courage or the vision to do that, do they? Now we have another crisis, which, again, the President has created, a cri-sis that has outraged our constituents. Thousands of children, even infants and toddlers, are ripped from their par-ents at our southern border, children who have done absolutely nothing wrong, children who did not choose to come here on their own, kids too young to know the name of the country that they came from, too young to know what asylum is, too young to know what illegal entry means. Some of these kids only know two words: ‘‘mom’’ and ‘‘dad.’’ We have heard the recordings of these children crying out for their par-ents while being made fun of. Many of us have visited the detention centers, and it is heartbreaking and it is unnec-essary. So, while I congratulate the Appro-priations Committee for their hard work on the defense bill, I have to re-mind the Speaker that we have 95 days to finish our work for funding the Fed-eral Government. But I would chal-lenge my colleagues to imagine one day, a single day, without their child, unsure if they would ever see them again. We have some time to do the defense bill, but on the issue of family separa-tion, we cannot afford to wait another day. Congress should be addressing this crisis today. It is not going to be easy. This administration clearly did not think through this policy that they have created. Right now, we have children in HHS care, but where are their parents? Some are in custody of the U.S. Mar-shals or ICE, already deported, or maybe some are free on bond. HHS said yesterday that they were not reuniting kids with their parents who are in detention. What does that mean? Are they going to be free? If not, what is the plan? Let’s look at the best-case scenario: a parent who gets out on bond and goes to HHS and asks for their child is told, ‘‘Show us your documents. Prove you are really the parent,’’ and this parent who has been in custody has nothing. Where is the plan to help these par-ents obtain their documents? Where are these plans to help these children reunite with their parents? Does the administration even know where all the parents are and how they are supposed to be reunited with their kids? How are they keeping track of the babies, the babies who are simply too young to even know their name? We have many unanswered questions. We should be making sure those kids get to their parents, making sure that every single one of those children is ac-counted for. That is doing our job. Instead, we are passing another ap-propriations bill with the full knowl-edge that we will probably do what we have done every year that I have been here: We will pass a CR at the end of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.019 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5761 June 27, 2018 
the fiscal year, and then we will prob-ably pass another CR, and then an-other, and then another, and then an-other, because we can’t legislate to-gether. This rule makes in order 29 amend-ments, but not a single one of them deals with the issues of the kids. Why not allow a vote on the amendment I offered with Representative S
CHIFF to prohibit detaining children at military facilities? Why not allow a vote on my amend-ment to block certain Cabinet mem-bers from using military aircraft until the children are reunited? Is it more important for Scott Pruitt to get on a plane than for a baby from El Salvador to get back into his mother’s arms? or the amendment offered by my col-league on the Rules Committee, Mr. P
OLIS? Representative P OLIS’ amend-ment would have prohibited the De-partment of Defense from transferring resources to the Department of Justice to carry out prosecution of migrant families. Don’t our troops need these re-sources? Shouldn’t our military be fo-cused on keeping us safe from ISIS and North Korea, not toddlers and babies? And why is the Republican leadership afraid to allow us to have a vote? I guess babies are too controversial for the Republican caucus. I guess keeping families together is a poison pill amendment. By refusing Congress a vote, this House is giving up its responsibility to make immigration laws, plain and sim-ple. This House should be a check on the administration. That is the way the system is supposed to work. But we are not doing that. Instead, by refusing to let us have a vote on the floor, the Republican House majority is endors-ing President Trump’s family jails. Mr. Speaker, this House majority owns this crisis. Let me be clear: A vote for this rule is a vote for more of President Trump’s cruelty to these ba-bies. It is a vote to keep innocent chil-dren from their parents. This House has the power to reunite these families. This House has the power to end separation. This House has the power to stop hateful immigra-tion policies. But this House won’t act. Because of that, thousands of families may be de-stroyed forever. We must defeat this rule and give this House an oppor-tunity to act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would point out that this House actually is going to be tak-ing up a bill that addresses these issues. Mr. G
OODLATTE ’s bill will come up within the next hour or so here on this floor. The bill itself would require that the Department of Homeland Se-curity maintain the care and custody of aliens together, with their children, as well as providing funding for DHS family residential centers. So I think that it is fair to say that there is bipartisan concern for the plight of these children, the plight of these families. I think all of us who are mothers understand the emotions in-volved here and understand that we don’t want to perpetuate a situation that, in fact, also was occurring when President Obama was in office. But I think it is also important to note that we have got to secure our border and we have got to be in a posi-tion where we are recognizing that peo-ple who come here illegally cannot be allowed to stay. People who come here illegally must, in fact, be deported, must, in fact, be apprehended. We need to end, as we have, the prac-tice of catch and release that we saw during the Obama administration. It is a security issue for us. The pain and the emotion that we all feel for the families that have been sep-arated I think we all also feel for the angel families, the families that Presi-dent Trump has met with, the families that have been the victims of violence perpetuated by people who have come to this country illegally. So I would say, Mr. Speaker, that it is absolutely the wrong thing to do, as my colleague urges the notion that we should defeat this rule so that we can address immigration. It just simply is wrong on a procedural matter. We ought to, in fact, support this rule, pass this rule, not once again hold hos-tage the men and women in uniform to another issue. The position of the minority here is apparently that we should stop our bi-partisan process and our bipartisan movement on funding the troops so that we can take up an issue that we are already planing to take up. It is not necessary and it is unjustified. I actually would urge exactly the oppo-site of my colleague from the Rules Committee. We ought to, in fact, pass this rule. Mr. Speaker, as we think about this issue, we have got to remember that there are families involved not just with respect to the issue of immigra-tion; there are families involved with respect to the men and women who are defending all of us. I don’t think that it is acceptable, I don’t think it is justifiable, for us ever to be in a position where we are telling the mother or the father or the spouse of a servicemember that we couldn’t get them the funding they needed be-cause our process is broken, that we couldn’t get them the funding that they need because we are bickering with each other. I think that is, in fact, absolutely an abrogation of our con-stitutional responsibilities and duties. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CAL-
VERT ), who is vice chairman of the De-fense Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule to complete consid-eration of the FY 2019 Defense Appro-priations bill. I thank the Rules Committee and all the Members who submitted amend-ments to the Defense Appropriations bill. I commend the chairman, Chair-man FRELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member L
OWEY , Subcommittee Chairwoman G
RANGER , and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY for their leadership on the FY 2019 Defense Appropriations bill. I would also like to thank our dedicated professional staff who have tirelessly worked on this bill. I have served on the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee for many years, and providing for our men and women in uniform is a privilege and an honor. This bill provides vital funding for our armed services, includ-ing a 2.6 percent pay raise. This bill is an investment in our future superiority on land, air, and at sea. Earlier this year, Secretary Mattis released the National Defense Strat-egy. As we know, our Secretary of De-fense is focused on readiness and lethality. This bill meets the demands of the Department to restore readiness levels, invest in lethality, buy the equipment that will maintain superi-ority, and provide for the health and welfare of our men and women in uni-form. We are at a unique time in history that demands U.S. leadership through-out the world. As we know too well, a power vacuum breeds instability and extremism. A strong U.S. military with our allies creates stability. After too many years of a budget- driven strategy, this bill reflects the investment needed to maintain and se-cure U.S. interests around the world. The investment we make here today, about 16 percent of our entire Federal budget, has dividends down the road for many years. The security of our Na-tion, and the peace of the world, de-pends on a strong U.S. military. The last time the House passed a stand-alone Defense Appropriations conference report that was signed into law before the end of the fiscal year was September 2009. Let’s turn the page on CRs that cripple the Depart-ment and return to regular order. I again thank my colleagues who crafted this bill, our military leader-ship, and the men and women of the United States military. I urge passage of the rule and the underlying bill. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I absolutely agree that a primary duty of this Congress is to fund the military, absolutely. There are military families serving in our Na-tion and abroad that deserve to get paid. So I would like to take this moment of privilege to remind this Congress that, before I got here, my son, who joined the United States Air Force, was going to have his pay withheld. I re-member him telling me, Mr. Speaker: 
Mom, I signed up to serve our great Nation in the United States Air Force, and I signed up to defend and protect my country. I did not sign up to defend and protect the men of my country, but I signed up to protect all of the people in my country. And I resent Con-gress withholding my pay or tying my pay to the reproductive rights of women. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.020 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5762 June 27, 2018 
So let’s keep all of those things in mind when we talk about the priorities of this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, this Congress once provided a check on ex-cessive executive power. But today, in this House, it is all lapdog and no watchdog. Even terrified toddlers torn from their mother’s embrace are not beyond the limit of this Congress. Until very recently, limitation amendments like those I authored to this bill to protect taxpayers from hav-ing funds misused were routinely ap-proved for debate—no more. b1245 Just as Trump undermines our de-mocracy, so too do these House Repub-licans refusing to permit even the pre-tense of a fair debate on key national issues. Having enabled Trump’s separation of children from their parents, often with their silence, Republicans have blocked amendments that I and 41 of our colleagues sponsored to prevent our military bases from being con-verted into internment camps for chil-dren and, in some cases, their families. Our military bases have an impor-tant mission. It is to ensure our na-tional security, to ensure the utmost readiness for our troops, who may be called into action in many different parts of the globe at the same time. It is not their job to take care of 20,000 people, as the administration has re-quested, on two Texas military bases. The function there is a totally dif-ferent one from that to which we have committed in this defense bill. These are real people, real children. They are toddlers who have been torn from their parents in places like McAllen, which I once represented; real children who cry themselves to sleep every night, held without their free-dom and without their loved ones, while some of my former constituents are shopping right down the street. My constituents at home now in San Antonio, San Marcos, Lockhart, and Austin care about this. Over 1,000 peo-ple have reached out to my office, their hearts breaking for these children. Trump is truly testing the waters of dehumanization, seeing how many peo-ple blink an eye when he calls for sus-pending due process, guaranteed by our Constitution, for people who don’t look like him. I do believe in a no-tolerance policy. The no-tolerance policy that I support is no tolerance for bigotry, no toler-ance for the demonization of foreigners which regularly spews forth from this White House, no tolerance for using cages to hold children as hostages. No matter how grievous the wrong, how insulting the tweet, my colleagues sit here, idle and silent, silently block-ing debate on congressional checks on this authoritarian-loving President who seeks to amass more and more power. Perhaps what we need in this House is a strong, professional ENT—an ear, nose and throat physician—because Re-publicans have lost their voice when it comes to standing up to Trump on much of anything. You could say that Trump’s got their tongue. Whatever the reason, they are not there standing up for the children, won’t even permit a debate on the issue of whether our military bases should be converted to this perverted purpose. Mr. Speaker, I will never yield to a President who knows no limits, and we will not yield in raising the issue of these children, their separation, and the detainment of their families indefi-nitely. We must speak out and use every opportunity afforded in this House to defend their presence and to defend a better policy and the use of our tax dollars for what they were in-tended, not to detain, indefinitely, these babies. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would thank my col-league very much for her son’s service in our Armed Forces, and I would also just note that we agree. We don’t think that our military servicemembers’ sal-aries should be held hostage for any issue, no matter the issue. That is why we in this body believe we should pass a stand-alone Defense Appropriations bill. That is why we believe that we ought to pass the rule that we are de-bating today, so that we can get to the debate and the discussion about the stand-alone Defense Appropriations bill. That is why we believe the Senate should take it up and pass it that way as well. We shouldn’t add any legislation to it. The funding that our men and women in uniform need should not be made a situation where it is held hos-tage to other political issues. It is sim-ply not justifiable, no matter the issue. I would note once again, Mr. Speak-er, and this is crucially important, that one of the fundamental values that our men and women in uniform are fighting for and defending is the rule of law, and for too long in the pre-vious administration we had policies like catch and release that were sanc-tioned from the top. We had policies like sanctuary cities that were sanc-tioned from the top. We had situations, Mr. Speaker, where the laws of the Re-public that were passed by this body, passed by the Senate, signed into law by the President, were simply not en-forced. That is not a situation that we can allow to continue. I think it is important that we ad-dress the issue of the separation of families at the border. No one wants to see that happen or that continue. I think we need to focus on it. We need to make sure that we come up with so-lutions for it, like the kinds of solu-tions that are going to be presented on this floor shortly. I think, as we do that, we have also got to remember the larger issues in-volved, including the security of the Nation. That is not just about the re-sources that this bill provides; it is also about making sure that our bor-ders are secure. One of the things that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have re-fused to deal with and to address time and again is funding for a border wall. President Trump has made clear that part of securing this Nation is pro-viding funding for a border wall. That is something that we have got to make sure we appropriate. That is also some-thing that the bill that we will con-sider this afternoon does. I am hopeful that we will see support from the other side of the aisle for a bill that deals with the issue of sepa-rating children from families at the border. I also would point out, Mr. Speaker, that this House has been very dedi-cated and focused and very active in dealing with the issue of human traf-ficking. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle know very well that many of the situations we are seeing at our border that involve children are not family situations. They are situa-tions where those children are brought here by human traffickers. Those chil-dren are brought here to be exploited. That is something we have got to make sure we protect against. When we as a nation allow sanctuary cities to continue to exist, when we look the other way and say we won’t enforce our immigration laws, we are, in fact, perpetuating a system where those children are put at risk, and we are not doing our duty, our funda-mental obligation, to protect and de-fend those children. I wish, Mr. Speaker, that the concern for the children of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle were as broad as it needs to be, to encompass, frankly, all of the threats that these kids are facing. I think it is important that we pass this rule, we pass this underlying bill, and we move on to address and focus on the issue of immigration in a way in which Members on both sides of the aisle can agree. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to add that I absolutely agree with my colleague from the other side of the aisle on one thing, and that is that we should be ab-solutely focused and work together on the issues on which we agree, such as the USA Act. Mr. Speaker, why aren’t we allowed to have a vote on the floor when that is bipartisan legislation created by a bi-partisan group of Members? If we want to talk about the rule of law, Mr. Speaker, we can’t talk from both ends. Either we support the rule of law or we don’t. Yet this Republican Congress, time and time and time again, has been complicit with Presi-dent Trump and his family’s conflicts of interest when it comes to dealing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.021 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5763 June 27, 2018 
with China, when it comes to dealing with our trade agreements, when it comes to dealing with Russia and now possibly North Korea. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administra-tion has ripped thousands of children from their parents’ arms at the border, sending them all over the country. Sep-arating children from their parent poses ongoing psychological harm and trauma, yet the government has no clear plans to reunite those families. For that reason, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Represent-ative B
ASS’ bill, H.R. 6236, the Family Unity Rights and Protection Act, which would require the Federal Gov-ernment to reunite families which have been forcibly separated at the border. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ASS) to discuss this pro-posal. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, mothers and fathers who sought a safe haven for their children watched helplessly as their children were being snatched away from them by our government. These families were fleeing unimagi-nable violence. They had no idea where their infants were being taken. They had no idea the treatment they would receive. These parents, in many in-stances, still have no idea where their children are located or how to commu-nicate with them. The Trump administration estab-lished no formal process to return these children. I am terrified at the thought that these parents may never see their children again. If the parents are deported and their children are sent all over this country, how will the parents find their children? Just imagine the mother from El Sal-vador who is deported back to El Sal-vador, who came here dirt-poor to begin with. She gets deported back to El Salvador. Her child is sent off to New York. How is she ever supposed to find that child again? It appears that the only real plan was to separate families as a deterrent to legal immigration. Coming to America should not mean permanently losing your child, especially if you came to America and it was not illegal. If you came in search of asylum, that is not illegal immigration. The zero-tolerance policy will have a lasting effect. Pediatricians and health experts agree that child-parent separa-tion will result in neurological dam-age. I will tell you that I have received numerous phone calls from experts, pe-diatricians, social workers, and child welfare workers. The other night, I even received a very long email from a distraught internationally known psychologist, Dr. Phil McGraw. He shared with me his concerns about the impact child- parent separation will have on chil-dren. He highlighted that, when chil-dren are torn away from their parents and raised in institutions without a stable caregiver, it disrupts the forma-tion of attachments, that children be-come anxious and fearful, and that this can last for years, if not a lifetime. Dr. Phil also expressed how this impacts a child’s brain development, which can lead to negative health and well-being outcomes. We did this, and now we must undo this. If our government did this policy of separating children from parents, then it should be our government’s re-sponsibility to reunite those parents with those children, whether they re-main here in the United States or, es-pecially, if they are deported. This proceeded without a plan, with-out foresight, and without a second glance at the law or what we stand for as a nation. This is chaos. That is why I am calling for a vote on my bill, H.R. 6236, Family Unity Rights and Protec-tion Act, to require the Federal Gov-ernment to reunite the parents with the children, to establish a database of children separated from families, and to make sure that parental rights aren’t terminated. We are told that parents can commu-nicate with their children, but let me ask you how a parent in Los Angeles would communicate with a child who is 6 months old in another State. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 30 seconds. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, my bill also requires a report outlining the short- and long-term effects on these families and proposed solutions. As it is, our foster care system is al-ready overrun with over 400,000 chil-dren. We know that these kids are in detention right now, but ultimately they will wind up in foster care. Be-cause of the opioid crisis, we don’t have enough foster homes for kids who actu-ally need to be in care. The long-term neurological effects that I describe even apply to children who should be removed from home be-cause their parents have either abused or neglected them. So even when the children should be separated, that sep-aration causes tremendous harm. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has again ex-pired. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 30 seconds. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, if that is what happens to children who should be removed from home, we must call for an end to State-sponsored child abuse, because that is what this policy is. This is our Federal Government that is abusing children. That is why I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on ordering the previous question. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me remind this body of a brief history of our Nation. During World War II, this country chose to round up Japanese American citizens and put them in internment camps across the country. b1300 Some were held in my hometown at the Los Angeles County Fairgrounds, in Pomona, California. In 1944, the Supreme Court ruled in Korematsu v. United States that the government had every right to incar-cerate families in the best interest of our national security. It was wrong and immoral then, and it is wrong and im-moral now, and we look back at Japa-nese internment as a dark moment in our history. Just yesterday, the Supreme Court finally rejected the ruling and admit-ted that it was clearly unconstitu-tional to forcibly place Japanese Amer-icans in concentration camps—74 years later. That is how long it took for our court system to catch up with the re-ality and to right a horrible wrong. We are facing a similar dark period in our country now with what is hap-pening at our southern borders. How long will it take this time for us to re-alize that what this administration is doing at our southern borders is mor-ally repugnant, wrong, and illegal? How long before we realize that what we are doing is causing emotional harm to families, especially to the children? How long before we consider how history will remember this mo-ment and judge us? What national security threat are we facing today that warrants such a bar-baric response towards families and children? They are exactly that: chil-dren, families, babies. They are coming to our borders pleading for help and protection. They are fleeing kidnapping, rape, murder, and threats. They are not MS–13; they are fleeing MS–13. They want to work and raise their children in peace. Is that so terrible? This administration is deliberately choosing to inflict trauma onto thou-sands of children, holding children hos-tage, using child abuse as a scare tactic to deter families from coming here seeking refuge. There are still more than 2,000 chil-dren separated from their families at this present moment. President Trump may have signed his executive order last week, but he failed to implement a plan to reunite these families—no plan to reunite these families. We are doing nothing to fix this prob-lem today. And let’s be clear: Speaker R
YAN’s bill, which we may or may not consider this week, does nothing to fix this problem either. All his bill does is pave the way for long-term incarcer-ation of families in prison-like facili-ties. It would be replacing one form of child abuse for another. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.023 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5764 June 27, 2018 
I visited some of these detention cen-ters at our borders. The horrendous conditions we are exposing families to are completely unacceptable. Where are we, as a nation, when we place children in cage-like cells, inside warehouses, with nothing but an emer-gency thermal blanket and a thin mat between them and the cold concrete floor, with a toilet in the middle of the cell? Criminally prosecuting every in-dividual, every child, who crosses be-tween a port of entry, who poses no threat to our country, is not only inhu-mane, it makes us less secure. We have a limited number of prosecu-tors. We have to make choices. If you prosecute one crime, it means you are not prosecuting another. So when we send our prosecutors after every single border crosser, who benefits? Let me tell you who benefits. The murderers, the rapists, the drug traffickers, the drug dealers, the pimps, the muggers, and the human traffickers, that is who will benefit from this. We are taking away from where law enforcement agencies need the most and are wasting by traumatizing defenseless families. How does this make us safe? This administration’s impulsive zero- tolerance policy is harming our moral credibility. It is harming our national security. Most of all, it is harming in-nocent babies. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, my colleague and I agree that the court determination, es-sentially rejecting the Korematsu deci-sion yesterday, was the right one. And we agree that the episode in our Na-tion’s history, in which we were hold-ing Japanese Americans in internment camps, was a dark one and was some-thing that should not have happened. But I think that it is unjustifiable, and I think, frankly, it just politicizes the challenge that we are all facing to compare the current situation at our borders with Japanese internment camps, or with concentration camps, or many of the other exaggerations and, I think, highly irresponsible language that we have heard throughout this de-bate. We all have to come together to solve the problem, but we have to come to-gether to enforce our laws. If, in fact, my colleagues are interested in enforc-ing the laws, if they are interested in solving the problem for the families at the border, and if they are interested in closing the loopholes in the law that have resulted in the separation of those children, then I assume that they will be voting in favor of Mr. G
OODLATTE ’s bill that will be coming up for consid-eration today. I would also say, Mr. Speaker, it is not accurate for our colleagues to say that families seeking asylum are hav-ing their children ripped out of their arms. Anybody who is seeking asylum, who goes to a port of entry, is not going to be subject to prosecution and will not be separated from their fami-lies. I think it is very important for us to make clear that we are talking about people seeking to come into this coun-try illegally, and, in many cases, as I mentioned before, we are talking about children who are being trafficked. We have to make sure, as we deal with this issue and as we come to a resolution and a solution that will help these kids, that, in fact, we do it in a way that addresses the facts. Mr. Speaker, it is really important that we focus back on the issue that we are here to talk about today, and that is Defense Appropriations. What we have seen this afternoon is the same thing that we seem to see every time this bill comes up. This is a really important, really good bipar-tisan bill, and our colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to talk about everything under the Sun, appar-ently, except Defense Appropriations. If we don’t get Defense Appropria-tions right, if we don’t get it passed through this House and passed through the Senate and signed before Sep-tember 30, we are looking at the possi-bility of another continuing resolution for the Defense Department. Now, we have seen this happen be-fore. We saw it happen last year. We watched the Democrats in the Senate, for example, shut down the government because they wanted to hold our troops hostage, because they were in a posi-tion where they wanted to do every-thing possible except just pass Defense Appropriations. Tragically, Mr. Speaker, this isn’t just a matter of words like ‘‘readi-ness,’’ ‘‘modernization,’’ and ‘‘capa-bility.’’ Those words all matter. But there are real men and women behind those words, and families behind them. So when we are in a situation where we abrogate our duty, and we don’t provide the funds that our men and women in uniform need, we end up put-ting the lives of our servicemen and -women on the line. I don’t think that any Member of this body ever wants to be in a situation again where the Sec-retary of Defense, or the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, or the service chiefs come in and say that we, as a body, have done more damage to the military than any enemy has in the field. That is what we have heard consistently and repeatedly over the course of the last several years. Taking the step of passing this rule and making sure that we pass this un-derlying appropriations bill is a crucial part of continuing on the path of ful-filling the commitment that we made and fulfilling the commitment that the President of the United States made that he would rebuild our military. Every man and woman in uniform, who puts the uniform on, as Secretary Mattis has said, is essentially writing a blank check to this Nation, and it is a blank check that is payable with their lives. We ought to stop spending our time on this floor debating a whole bunch of other things. The Senate ought to stop spending its time stuck in the filibuster rule, stuck in the proc-ess of going on and on for hours and hours over matters that, frankly, don’t have anywhere near the importance that funding our troops does, and they ought to move to get this bill passed. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of both the rule and H.R. 6157. The material previously referred to by Mrs. TORRES is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 964 O FFERED BY  M
RS. TORRES  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 5. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6236) to require the re-unification of families separated upon entry into the United States as a result of the ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ immigration policy requir-ing criminal prosecution of all adults appre-hended crossing the border illegally. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 6. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6236. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.025 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5765 June 27, 2018 
opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY AND IMMIGRA-TION REFORM ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6136) to amend the immigration laws and provide for border security, and for other purposes, will now resume. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. ESPAILLAT. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Espaillat moves to recommit the bill H.R. 6136 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: In section 1, in the heading, strike ‘‘ ; 
TABLE  
OF CONTENTS ’’. In subsection (a) of section 1, strike the enumerator and the heading. Strike subsection (b) of section 1 and all that follows through the end of the bill, and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. PROTECTING IMMIGRANT CHILDREN FROM GOVERNMENT-SPONSORED ABUSE. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, judicial determination, consent decree, or settlement agreement, no officer or em-ployee of the United States may detain an alien who entered the United States with the alien’s child who has not attained 18 years of age separately from such child for the pur-pose of deterring immigration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6136, the Border Security and Immigration Reform Act, has been touted as ‘‘the compromise bill.’’ But don’t let that fool you. This bill cuts legal immigration by 40 per-cent. This bill cancels diversity green cards. This bill eliminates most family reunification. And finally, this bill hurts asylum seekers. This bill is anything but a com-promise. It is anything but fair. And it is certainly not pro-family. We have spent the last few days and weeks watching babies ripped away from their parents’ arms. We heard their cries in the middle of the night as they missed their parents, and the American people were truly moved by this humanitarian crisis. This crisis drew attention from inter-national institutions and organiza-tions, such as the United Nations, Am-nesty International, Human Rights Watch, and the United States Con-ference of Catholic Bishops, all of them condemning the separation of children from their families. This Nation has a longstanding tradi-tion of providing asylum to those who flee death, terror, and natural disas-ters. We need to continue to be a bea-con of hope and aspiration for the rest of the world. Asylum seekers, including women who have been raped, deserve due process, not these massive arraign-ment hearings, which blatantly go against our democratic traditions. Let’s be honest here, last week’s ex-ecutive order and this morning’s tweet where the President admits that this bill is about ‘‘strong borders,’’ tells us that this is not about our families or injustice. This is about him getting $25 billion for a wall and another $7 billion to hold families in detention facilities. Yes, families in jail or tent cities or maybe even in military camps, similar to the Japanese internment camps used during World War II. Children really belong in schools. They deserve to be safe with their par-ents, not to be jailed in cages that look like kennels. Babies as young as 9 months old are being held in my dis-trict, in East Harlem, away from their moms. If Republicans are serious about fam-ilies, we should pass this motion to re-commit and the Keep the Families To-gether Act. This act is simple. It would protect immigrant children from gov-ernment-sponsored abuse, and it would keep us in compliance with the Flores decree—yes, a court decree. This decree disallows children to be held for more than 20 days. It also is in line with yesterday’s pre-liminary injunction, which requires that children younger than 5 years old be returned to their parents within 14 days and older children be returned within 30 days. b1315 Mr. Speaker, show some basic com-passion for these young children, their brothers and sisters, and their parents. Every single Member of Congress should be able to stand behind the sim-ple idea that families, regardless of where they come from, belong to-gether. The separation of children from their families constitutes child abuse. Mr. Speaker, we need to finally ask ourselves: will we continue to be a country of aspirations or will we con-tinue to be a country of deportation? Will we step up to be the country that allowed me, as a young boy, to find safety next to my mother and father? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this effort to distract us from the major problems that we are attempting to address in our country. This motion to recommit deals only with a red herring. It fixes nothing, but rather ensures that catch and release will remain in effect. The American people want a holistic approach to reforming immigration laws that focuses on enforcement first before legalization. The motion to re-commit simply does not do that. H.R. 6136 helps solve the problem with a surge of people coming illegally into the United States by funding the border wall construction and other in-frastructure at the border, and it closes the loopholes that require catch and release of aliens who have entered ille-gally. The bill begins the process of re-forming the way U.S. green cards are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.004 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5766 June 27, 2018 
allocated. And it provides a path to le-galization for the DACA-eligible popu-lation. H.R. 6136 addresses the areas that need to be addressed in immigration: enforcement, including a true fix to the issue of separation of children from their parents; it includes border secu-rity, legal immigration, and legaliza-tion for DACA-eligible individuals. The motion to recommit does none of that. I urge my colleagues to oppose that motion. I also want to call to everyone’s at-tention the Statement of Administra-tion Policy issued by the Executive Of-fice of the President, Office of Manage-ment and Budget just this morning. It says in part: ‘‘The administration strongly supports House passage of H.R. 6136, the Border Security and Im-migration Reform Act of 2018. . . .’’ ‘‘H.R. 6136 would end the visa lottery program and would begin moving to-ward a merit-based system for admis-sion. H.R. 6136 would also reduce ex-tended-family chain migration by re-moving family preference categories for siblings and adult married children. . . .’’ ‘‘Overall, the Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018 would support the administration’s goals of securing the border, closing legal loop-holes, moving to a system of merit- based immigration, and providing a re-sponsible solution to DACA. ‘‘If H.R. 6136 were presented to the President, his advisers would rec-ommend that he sign it into law.’’ But, you don’t have to listen to his advisers. You can listen to the Presi-dent himself, because he tweeted this morning: ‘‘House Republicans should pass the strong but fair immigration bill, known as Goodlatte II, in their afternoon vote today, even though the Dems won’t let it pass in the Senate. Passage will show that we want strong borders and security while the Dems want open borders equals crime. Win.’’ That is what we need to do today. We need to win by defeating this motion to recommit and passing this important legislation that brings America for-ward in addressing our immigration issues, is an appropriate fix for the DACA population, secures our borders, and moves towards a merit-based im-migration system that this country needs. That is what we are about today. Mr. Speaker, reject the motion to re-commit, pass this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of H.R. 6136, if ordered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 964; and Adoption of House Resolution 964, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 230, not voting 7, as follows: [Roll No. 296] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—7 
Black Carter (TX) Crowley DeGette Messer Rush Thompson (MS) 
b1343 Messrs. BACON, COMER, YOUNG of Alaska, PITTENGER, BURGESS, and JORDAN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Ms. BASS, Messrs. BISHOP of Geor-gia, POCAN, BEYER, SUOZZI, COO-PER, PAYNE, and KEATING changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.030 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5767 June 27, 2018 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 121, noes 301, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 297] AYES—121 
Amodei Bacon Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Bucshon Calvert Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis, Rodney Denham Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Dunn Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Fortenberry Frelinghuysen Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Huizenga Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Lance Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Mitchell Moolenaar Newhouse Nunes Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poliquin Reed Reichert Renacci Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Royce (CA) Rutherford Ryan (WI) Scalise Scott, Austin Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—301 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comer Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Ferguson Fleischmann Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harris Hastings Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rosen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walker Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth Yoho Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Black Crowley DeGette Messer Rush Thompson (MS) 
b1350 So the bill was not passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 6157, DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 29, 2018, THROUGH JULY 9, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the demand for a recorded vote on ordering the previous question on the resolution (H. Res. 964) providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for proceedings during the pe-riod from June 9, 2018, through July 9, 2018, on which a recorded vote was or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. RECORDED VOTE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 188, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 298] AYES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.033 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5768 June 27, 2018 
Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Black Crowley DeGette Marchant Messer Norcross Rush Thompson (MS) 
b1358 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 230, noes 185, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 299] AYES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—12 
Bishop (MI) Black Crowley DeGette Garrett Lynch Meadows Messer Olson Richmond Rush Thompson (MS) 
b1409 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 27, 2018, at 11:38 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2385. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 5895. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.007 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5769 June 27, 2018 
AMERICAN LEADERSHIP IN SPACE TECHNOLOGY AND ADVANCED ROCKETRY ACT Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5345) to designate the Marshall Space Flight Center of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to provide leadership for the U.S. rocket propulsion indus-trial base, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5345 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Leadership in Space Technology and Ad-vanced Rocketry Act’’ or the ‘‘ALSTAR Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Non-military rocket propulsion is an enabling technology for our Nation’s future prosperous way of life. (2) Non-military rocket propulsion tech-nologies are critical to national security, in-telligence gathering, communications, weather forecasting, navigation, commu-nications, entertainment, land use, Earth ob-servation, and scientific exploration. (3) The non-military rocket propulsion in-dustry is a source of high-quality jobs. (4) Multiple Federal agencies and compa-nies are involved in non-military rocket pro-pulsion research, development, and manufac-turing. (5) Integration, coordination, and coopera-tion would strengthen the United States non-military rocket propulsion industrial base. (6) Erosion of the non-military rocket pro-pulsion industrial base would seriously im-pact national security, space exploration po-tential, and economic growth. (7) The Marshall Space Flight Center has decades of experience working with other Government agencies and industry partners to study and coordinate these capabilities. (8) The Marshall Space Flight Center has made historic and unique contributions— (A) by bringing stakeholders together to work on non-military rocket propulsion in-dustrial base sustainment; (B) of technical expertise to key studies and review boards; and (C) by consistently participating in inter-agency working groups to address non-mili-tary rocket propulsion issues. 
SEC. 3. NON-MILITARY ROCKET PROPULSION LEADERSHIP. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Marshall Space Flight Center is the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s lead center for non- military rocket propulsion and is essential to sustaining and promoting U.S. leadership in non-military rocket propulsion and devel-oping the next generation of non-military rocket propulsion capabilities. (b) L
EADERSHIP IN NON-MILITARY ROCKET  P
ROPULSION .—The Marshall Space Flight Center shall provide national leadership in NASA in non-military rocket propulsion by— (1) contributing to interagency coordina-tion for the preservation of critical national non-military rocket propulsion capabilities; (2) collaborating with industry, academia, and professional organizations to most effec-tively use national capabilities and re-sources; (3) monitoring public- and private-sector non-military rocket propulsion activities to develop and promote a strong, healthy non- military rocket propulsion industrial base; (4) facilitating technical solutions for ex-isting and emerging non-military rocket pro-pulsion challenges; (5) supporting the development and refine-ment of non-military rocket propulsion for small satellites; (6) evaluating and recommending, as ap-propriate, new non-military rocket propul-sion technologies for further development; and (7) providing information required by na-tional decisionmakers so that policies and other instruments of the Government sup-port the development and strengthening of the Nation’s non-military rocket propulsion capabilities throughout the 21st century. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5345, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the Congressman for the Tennessee Valley of the State of Alabama, I am uniquely situated to ap-preciate the valuable contribution the Marshall Space Flight Center has made and continues to make to America’s rocket propulsion capabilities. As a child growing up in Huntsville, Alabama, I well remember the 1960s as nearby Saturn V rocket engine tests shook the ground and rattled the win-dows. I also remember the great pride in America I felt the moment Neil Armstrong stepped on the Moon after leaving the Earth on one of our Saturn V rockets. No doubt about it, developing and improving rocket propulsion is essen-tial to America’s leadership in space exploration and national security. It has been the Marshall Space Flight Center that has provided and continues to provide the cutting-edge expertise America needs in both solid and liquid rocket propulsion. b1415 Over the last several years, Ameri-cans have witnessed a resurgence in the rocket propulsion industry. As tra-ditional and emerging actors move for-ward, it is important that the Federal Government minimize expensive dupli-cation and support healthy cooperation and communication between the pri-vate sector and the Federal Govern-ment to promote America’s robust rocket propulsion industry. With President Trump’s establish-ment of Space Force as an independent branch of the military, rocket propul-sion is recognized as even more impor-tant to securing America’s future than ever before because America’s military relies heavily on its space assets—glob-al positioning satellites being but one example—to protect our national secu-rity. As Congress guides America’s na-tional space policy, we must promote the robust rocket propulsion industrial base that is essential to our space pres-ence. My bill, H.R. 5345, the American Leadership in Space Technology and Advanced Rocketry Act of 2018, com-monly known as the ALSTAR Act, helps ensure the long-term stability of the rocket propulsion industry through better coordination and collaboration between all relevant stakeholders, pub-lic and private. Specifically, the ALSTAR Act for-mally designates Marshall Space Flight Center as NASA’s current and future lead center for rocket propul-sion. In addition, the ALSTAR Act directs Marshall to explore, develop, and ma-ture new rocket propulsion technology in cooperation with partners across and outside of government. This new emphasis, while building on a strong foundation, helps to ensure that Amer-ica remains at the forefront of space exploration. Mr. Speaker, in the 1940s and 1950s, voyages to the Moon were thought im-possible, but America rose to the chal-lenge and overcame the impossible. Today, America must, once again, challenge itself to reach far beyond its limits. Through our increased attention, focus, and support of utilization of space and the exploration of deep space, we too can overcome the impos-sible and help inspire the next genera-tion of Americans to look to the stars and go where no one has gone before. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support a robust and innovative space industry. I also be-lieve that it is very important that we leverage the investment taxpayers have allowed the Nation to make in its facilities and workforce. The bill before us today that is known as H.R. 5345, also known as the American Leadership in Space Tech-nology and Advanced Rocketry Act, recognizes the rocket propulsion work of the Marshall Space Flight Center and that center’s role in helping to de-velop the next generation of rocket propulsion capabilities. The Marshall Space Flight Center has a long and sto-ried history in rocket development dat-ing back to the huge Saturn V rockets that powered our astronauts to the Moon. That tradition continues to this day. Mr. Speaker, I support moving this bill out of the House floor, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.040 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5770 June 27, 2018 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the vice chairman of the Space Subcommittee for yielding me time, and I appreciate all that Mr. B
ROOKS , the gentleman from Alabama, has done for space exploration and for spaceflight. The House Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee has demonstrated time and again that U.S. leadership in space is a bipartisan priority. The sci-entists, engineers, and technicians at the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, have, for more than half a century, led the world in the development of rocket propulsion. H.R. 5345, the American Leadership in Space Technology and Advanced Rocketry Act, recognizes the impres-sive accomplishments of Marshall as well as vital, ongoing work they con-tinue to do to ensure continued Amer-ican leadership in space technology and rocketry capabilities. As our future in space looks bolder, bigger, and brighter, I am confident that Marshall will continue to be a re-liable, powerful, and dependable team player in moving this Nation forward. Mr. Speaker, Vice Chairman B
ROOKS  has always been a strong and effective advocate for space initiatives and Mar-shall Space Flight Center. I appreciate all he has done on the subject, and I very much appreciate his being such a leader on the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and it is a privilege to work with Representative M
OBROOKS on the Space Subcommittee advancing our Nation’s priorities and doing our part to ensure strong leadership in Amer-ica’s space program. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for this important bill. He is a true champion of Marshall Space Flight Center, the center’s employees, and the important work they do every day to keep America first in space. The excitement and enthusiasm about our Government and private space activities have been building to-ward a fever pitch. The fine scientists, engineers, and technicians at Marshall Space Flight Center have for more than half a century led the world in the development of rocket propulsion. This bill recognizes the impressive accomplishments of Marshall as well as the vital, ongoing work they continue to do to ensure continued American leadership in space. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to have worked on and cosponsored this legisla-tion with my colleague, Mr. B
ROOKS . As our future in space looks bolder and brighter, I am confident that the Mar-shall Space Flight Center will continue to be a reliable, powerful, and depend-able team player moving this Nation forward. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5345, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMERCIAL SPACE SUPPORT VEHICLE ACT Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5346) to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for licenses and experimental permits for space support vehicles, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5346 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Commercial Space Support Vehicle Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (21) through (25) as paragraphs (23) through (27), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (20) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(21) ‘space support flight’ means a flight in the air that is— ‘‘(A) not a launch or reentry; but ‘‘(B) related to launch or reentry services. ‘‘(22) ‘space support vehicle’ means a vehi-cle that is— ‘‘(A) a launch vehicle; ‘‘(B) a reentry vehicle; or ‘‘(C) a component of a launch or reentry vehicle.’’. 
SEC. 3. LICENSING OF SPACE SUPPORT FLIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 50904 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) S
PACE SUPPORT FLIGHTS .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary of Transportation may issue or transfer a license for multiple space support flights of a space support vehicle to a citizen of the United States, but only if such citizen holds an operator license issued under this chapter for launch or reentry of such space support vehicle as, or included as a component of, a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle. ‘‘(2) A licensee may only carry out a space support flight of a space support vehicle under a license for carrying a person or prop-erty for compensation or hire if such flight lands at the same site from which the vehi-cle took flight.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON WAVIER OF REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 50905(b)(3) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, or the operation of a space support vehicle,’’ after ‘‘or a reentry vehicle’’. SEC. 4. EXPERIMENTAL PERMITS FOR SPACE SUPPORT FLIGHTS. 
Section 50906 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) The Secretary may issue a permit only for— ‘‘(1) reusable suborbital rockets or reusable launch vehicles that will be launched into a suborbital trajectory or reentered under that permit solely for— ‘‘(A) research and development to test de-sign concepts, equipment, or operating tech-niques; ‘‘(B) showing compliance with require-ments as part of the process for obtaining a license for launch or reentry under this chapter; or ‘‘(C) crew training for a launch or reentry using the design of the rocket or vehicle for which the permit would be issued; or ‘‘(2) a space support vehicle, or a vehicle that is in development to become a space support vehicle, operated by a citizen of the United States for space support flights that will be conducted under the permit for, or in support of, the purposes described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1).’’; and (2) by striking subsection (h) and inserting the following: ‘‘(h) No person may, under a permit, oper-ate a reusable suborbital rocket, reusable launch vehicle, or space support vehicle for carrying any property or human being for compensation or hire.’’. 
SEC. 5. COMMUNICATION AND TRANSPARENCY. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary of Transpor-tation to discuss potential regulatory ap-proaches, potential performance standards, or any other topic related to this Act and the amendments made by this Act with the com-mercial space industry prior to the issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking. 
SEC. 6. APPLICABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments made by this Act shall take effect on March 1, 2019. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may issue such regulations as are necessary to carry out the amendments made by this Act beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 5346, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5346, the Commer-cial Space Support Vehicle Act, was largely developed with input from a Department of Transportation report on approaches for streamlining the li-censing and permitting of hybrid launch vehicles to enable non-launch flight operations. Hybrid launch vehi-cles are those that have some of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.042 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5771 June 27, 2018 
characteristics of aircraft and some of the characteristics of launch vehicles. Companies would like to utilize space support vehicles to train crews and spaceflight participants by exposing them to the physiological effects en-countered in spaceflight or conduct re-search in reduced gravity environ-ments. Spaceports, like those in Flor-ida and other States, would like to at-tract those companies to operate out of their facilities. The DOT report concluded that: ‘‘The option of having a single statutory re-gime and regulatory office oversee a demonstrated commercial space pro-gram throughout its operational life cycle would allow consistent applica-tion of regulatory philosophy and safe-ty oversight and be more efficient and cost effective for the launch operator as well as the licensing agency. For an evolving industry, a regulatory envi-ronment that can adjust to accommo-date changes would allow for more flexible and more responsive over-sight.’’ Additionally, a GAO report issued last year recommended that the FAA examine the FAA’s current regulatory framework for space support vehicles and suggest legislative or regulatory changes as applicable. I believe H.R. 5346 provides the appro-priate regulatory approach by author-izing the Secretary of Transportation to develop the regulations by March 1, 2019, allowing licensed space support flights. The intent of timing is to in-clude the development of regulations in the regulatory reform process that the Vice President and the National Space Council tasked the FAA to com-plete by that date. Of course, I want to thank my friend of many, many decades, Congressman L
AWSON from the great State of Flor-ida, for his cosponsorship and support of this bill, as well as Chairman L
AMAR  S
MITH and Subcommittee Chairman B
RIAN BABIN, both of Texas, for advanc-ing and cosponsoring this great piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support a ro-bust and successful commercial space industry. In that regard, I look forward to continuing to work with my col-leagues on policies that facilitate the Nation’s continued growth and leader-ship in space. The bill before us today, H.R. 5346, known as the Commercial Space Sup-port Vehicle Act, will amend the stat-ute to provide the Secretary of Trans-portation with authority to license or permit space support vehicles for space support flights such as crew training or research and development that are re-lated to space launch or reentry. While I am not aware of any pressing need for this amendment at this time, it may provide the industry with some additional flexibility. In addition, Mr. Speaker, it is very important to point out, too, that the FAA’s Office of Commercial Space Transportation is sufficiently resourced to accommodate any addi-tional work so that the office can con-tinue to focus on its core responsibil-ities of licensing and permitting com-mercial space launch and reentry vehi-cles. Mr. Speaker, I support moving the bill out of the House, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the longtime efforts of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) to advance space initiatives. His efforts are reflected in H.R. 5346, the Commer-cial Space Support Vehicle Act, which he authored and brings to the floor today. Maintaining and expanding Amer-ica’s leadership in human space activ-ity, especially in the commercial space sector, is a priority of mine and of paramount importance to Mr. P
OSEY  and the members on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. The Commercial Space Support Vehi-cle Act was developed with input from the Department of Transportation as a new and better approach to streamline the licensing and permitting process of hybrid launch vehicles. Private companies would like to use space support vehicles to train crews and spaceflight participants by expos-ing them to the physiological effects and reduced gravity environment en-countered in spaceflight, and many spaceports would like to encourage those companies to operate out of their facilities. H.R. 5346 provides the fairest, most appropriate regulatory approach by au-thorizing the Secretary of Transpor-tation to develop regulations, accord-ing to the requirements of the bill, by March 1, 2019, thereby enabling li-censed space support flights. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank Mr. P
OSEY who is always a leader on space issues for taking the initiative on this bill. b1430 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Florida, Mr. B
ILLPOSEY , for his tireless efforts in drafting the Commer-cial Space Support Vehicle Act and his leadership in the Space Subcommittee in moving this bill to the House floor today. He has always been and con-tinues to be one of the leading cham-pions in Congress for American leader-ship in space. I am pleased to be a co-sponsor of this bill. Simply said, this bill will create jobs and economic growth in the Nation’s commercial spaceports, and it will streamline licensing requirements so that our innovators in the hybrid launch vehicle market can train future space flight crews and participants. These innovators are at the forefront of providing aerial platforms for very important microgravity research. GAO recommended in its report that the FAA examine the FAA’s current regulatory framework for space sup-port vehicles and suggest legislative or regulatory changes as applicable. I be-lieve H.R. 5346 provides the appropriate regulatory approach by authorizing the Secretary of Transportation to develop the regulations by March 1, 2019, which will allow licensed space support flights. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I once again want to thank the cosponsors on both sides of the aisle. This has been about a 9-year journey to make this much-needed change to our laws. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5346. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY SCIENCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5905) to authorize basic re-search programs in the Department of Energy Office of Science for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5905 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Energy Science and In-novation Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Mission. Sec. 4. Basic energy sciences. Sec. 5. Advanced scientific computing re-search. Sec. 6. High energy physics. Sec. 7. Biological and environmental re-search. Sec. 8. Fusion energy. Sec. 9. Nuclear physics. Sec. 10. Science laboratories infrastructure program. Sec. 11. Authorization of appropriations. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Energy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.044 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5772 June 27, 2018 
(2) D IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Science of the Department. (3) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. 
SEC. 3. MISSION. 
Section 209 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7139) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office of Science shall be the delivery of scientific dis-coveries, capabilities, and major scientific tools to transform the understanding of na-ture and to advance the energy, economic, and national security of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 4. BASIC ENERGY SCIENCES. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a program in basic energy sciences, includ-ing materials sciences and engineering, chemical sciences, physical biosciences, and geosciences, for the purpose of providing the scientific foundations for new energy tech-nologies. (b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the program described in subsection (a) shall be to sup-port fundamental research to understand, predict, and ultimately control matter and energy at the electronic, atomic, and molec-ular levels in order to provide the founda-tions for new energy technologies and to sup-port Department missions in energy, envi-ronment, and national security. (c) B
ASIC ENERGY SCIENCES USER FACILI -
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry out a program for the development, con-struction, operation, and maintenance of na-tional user facilities. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To the maximum ex-tent practicable, the national user facilities developed, constructed, operated, or main-tained under paragraph (1) shall serve the needs of the Department, industry, the aca-demic community, and other relevant enti-ties to create and examine materials and chemical processes for the purpose of im-proving the competitiveness of the United States. (3) I
NCLUDED FACILITIES .—The national user facilities developed, constructed, operated, or maintained under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) x-ray light sources; (B) neutron sources; (C) nanoscale science research centers; and (D) such other facilities as the Director considers appropriate, consistent with sec-tion 209 of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7139). (d) B
ASIC ENERGY SCIENCES RESEARCH IN-
FRASTRUCTURE .— (1) A
DVANCED PHOTON SOURCE UPGRADE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the upgrade to the Advanced Photon Source described in the publication approved by the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Com-mittee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Fa-cility Upgrades’’, including the development of a multi-bend achromat lattice to produce a high flux of coherent x-rays within the hard x-ray energy region and a suite of beamlines optimized for this source. (B) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: (i) F
LUX.—The term ‘‘flux’’ means the rate of flow of photons. (ii) H
ARD X -RAY.—The term ‘‘hard x-ray’’ means a photon with energy greater than 20 kiloelectron volts. (C) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the upgrade under this paragraph occurs before December 31, 2025. (D) FUNDING .—Out of funds authorized to be appropriated under section 11 for Basic Energy Sciences, there shall be made avail-able to the Secretary to carry out the up-grade under this paragraph— (i) $93,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and (ii) $130,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. (2) S
PALLATION NEUTRON SOURCE PROTON  
POWER UPGRADE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for a proton power upgrade to the Spall-ation Neutron Source. (B) D
EFINITION OF PROTON POWER UP -
GRADE .—For the purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘proton power upgrade’’ means the Spallation Neutron Source power upgrade described in— (i) the publication of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy titled ‘‘Facili-ties for the Future of Science: A Twenty- Year Outlook’’, published December 2003; (ii) the publication of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy titled ‘‘Four Years Later: An Interim Report on Facilities for the Future of Science: A Twenty-Year Outlook’’, published August 2007; and (iii) the publication approved by the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Facility Up-grades’’. (C) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the upgrade under this paragraph occurs before December 31, 2025. (D) F
UNDING .—Out of funds authorized to be appropriated under section 11 for Basic Energy Sciences, there shall be made avail-able to the Secretary to carry out the up-grade under this paragraph— (i) $36,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and (ii) $60,800,000 for fiscal year 2019. (3) S
PALLATION NEUTRON SOURCE SECOND  
TARGET STATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for a second target station for the Spall-ation Neutron Source. (B) D
EFINITION OF SECOND TARGET STA -
TION.—For the purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘second target station’’ means the Spallation Neutron Source second target sta-tion described in— (i) the publication of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy titled ‘‘Facili-ties for the Future of Science: A Twenty- Year Outlook’’, published December 2003; (ii) the publication of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy titled ‘‘Four Years Later: An Interim Report on Facilities for the Future of Science: A Twenty-Year Outlook’’, published August 2007; and (iii) the publication approved by the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Facility Up-grades’’. (C) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the second target station under this paragraph occurs before December 31, 2030, with the op-tion for early operation in 2028. (D) F
UNDING .—Out of funds authorized to be appropriated under section 11 for Basic Energy Sciences, there shall be made avail-able to the Secretary to carry out activities, including construction, under this para-graph— (i) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and (ii) $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. (4) A
DVANCED LIGHT SOURCE UPGRADE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the upgrade to the Advanced Light Source described in the publication approved by the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Com-mittee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Fa-cility Upgrades’’, including the development of a multi-bend achromat lattice to produce a high flux of coherent x-rays within the soft x-ray energy region. (B) DEFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: (i) F
LUX.—The term ‘‘flux’’ means the rate of flow of photons. (ii) S
OFT X -RAY.—The term ‘‘soft x-ray’’ means a photon with energy in the range from 50 to 2,000 electron volts. (C) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the upgrade under this paragraph occurs before December 31, 2026. (D) F
UNDING .—Out of funds authorized to be appropriated under section 11 for Basic Energy Sciences, there shall be made avail-able to the Secretary to carry out the up-grade under this paragraph— (i) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and (ii) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. (5) L
INAC COHERENT LIGHT SOURCE II HIGH  
ENERGY UPGRADE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the upgrade to the Linac Coherent Light Source II facility described in the pub-lication approved by the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee on June 9, 2016, titled ‘‘Report on Facility Upgrades’’, including the development of experimental capabilities for high energy x-rays to reveal fundamental scientific discoveries. The Sec-retary shall ensure the upgrade under this paragraph enables the production and use of high energy, ultra-short pulse x-rays deliv-ered at a high repetition rate. (B) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: (i) H
IGH ENERGY X -RAY.—The term a ‘‘high energy x-ray’’ means a photon with an en-ergy at or exceeding 12 kiloelectron volts. (ii) H
IGH REPETITION RATE .—The term ‘‘high repetition rate’’ means the delivery of x-ray pulses up to one million pulses per sec-ond. (iii) U
LTRA -SHORT PULSE X -RAYS .—The term ‘‘ultra-short pulse x-rays’’ means x-ray bursts capable of durations of less than one hundred femtoseconds. (C) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the upgrade under this paragraph occurs before December 31, 2025. (D) F
UNDING .—Out of funds authorized to be appropriated under section 11 for Basic Energy Sciences, there shall be made avail-able to the Secretary to carry out the up-grade under this paragraph— (i) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and (ii) $55,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. (e) A
CCELERATOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The Director shall carry out research and development on advanced accelerator and storage ring technologies relevant to the development of Basic Energy Sciences user facilities, in consultation with the Office of Science’s High Energy Physics and Nuclear Physics programs. (f) S
OLAR FUELS RESEARCH INITIATIVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 973 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16313) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 973. SOLAR FUELS RESEARCH INITIATIVE. 
‘‘(a) I NITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a research initiative, to be known as the ‘Solar Fuels Research Initiative’ (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Initiative’) to expand theoretical and fundamental knowl-edge of photochemistry, electrochemistry, biochemistry, and materials science useful for the practical development of experi-mental systems to convert solar energy to chemical energy. ‘‘(2) L
EVERAGING .—In carrying out pro-grams and activities under the Initiative, the Secretary shall leverage expertise and resources from— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.012 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5773 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) the Basic Energy Sciences Program and the Biological and Environmental Re-search Program of the Office of Science; and ‘‘(B) the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. ‘‘(3) T
EAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Ini-tiative, the Secretary shall organize activi-ties among multidisciplinary teams to lever-age, to the maximum extent practicable, ex-pertise from the National Laboratories, in-stitutions of higher education, and the pri-vate sector. ‘‘(B) G
OALS .—The multidisciplinary teams described in subparagraph (A) shall pursue aggressive, milestone-driven, basic research goals. ‘‘(C) R
ESOURCES .—The Secretary shall pro-vide sufficient resources to the multidisci-plinary teams described in subparagraph (A) to achieve the goals described in subpara-graph (B) over a period of time to be deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—The Sec-retary may organize additional activities under this subsection through Energy Fron-tier Research Centers, Energy Innovation Hubs, or other organizational structures. ‘‘(b) A
RTIFICIAL PHOTOSYNTHESIS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research needed to bridge scientific barriers to, and discover knowledge relevant to, artificial photosynthetic systems. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences shall support basic research to pursue distinct lines of scientific inquiry, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) photoinduced production of hydrogen and oxygen from water; and ‘‘(ii) the sustainable photoinduced reduc-tion of carbon dioxide to fuel products in-cluding hydrocarbons, alcohols, carbon mon-oxide, and natural gas; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy shall sup-port translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts devel-oped under the program. ‘‘(3) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From within funds au-thorized to be appropriated under section 11 of the Department of Energy Science and In-novation Act of 2018, for Basic Energy Sciences, the Secretary shall make available for carrying out activities under this sub-section $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology. ‘‘(c) B
IOCHEMISTRY , REPLICATION OF NAT-
URAL PHOTOSYNTHESIS , AND RELATED PROC-
ESSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research needed to replicate natural photosynthetic processes by use of artificial photosynthetic components and materials. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences shall support basic research to expand fundamental knowledge to replicate natural synthesis processes, including— ‘‘(i) the photoinduced reduction of dinitrogen to ammonia; ‘‘(ii) the absorption of carbon dioxide from ambient air; ‘‘(iii) molecular-based charge separation and storage; ‘‘(iv) photoinitiated electron transfer; and ‘‘(v) catalysis in biological or biomimetic systems; ‘‘(B) the Associate Director of Biological and Environmental Research shall support systems biology and genomics approaches to understand genetic and physiological path-ways connected to photosynthetic mecha-nisms; and ‘‘(C) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Ef-ficiency and Renewable Energy shall support translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts developed under the program. ‘‘(3) STANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From within funds au-thorized to be appropriated under section 11 of the Department of Energy Science and In-novation Act of 2018, for Basic Energy Sciences and Biological and Environmental Research, the Secretary shall make avail-able for carrying out activities under this subsection $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking the item relating to section 973 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 973. Solar fuels research initiative.’’. (g) E
LECTRICITY STORAGE RESEARCH INITIA -
TIVE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 975 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16315) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 975. ELECTRICITY STORAGE RESEARCH INI-TIATIVE. 
‘‘(a) I NITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a research initiative, to be known as the ‘Electricity Storage Research Initia-tive’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Ini-tiative’)— ‘‘(A) to expand theoretical and funda-mental knowledge to control, store, and con-vert— ‘‘(i) electrical energy to chemical energy; and ‘‘(ii) chemical energy to electrical energy; and ‘‘(B) to support scientific inquiry into the practical understanding of chemical and physical processes that occur within systems involving crystalline and amorphous solids, polymers, and organic and aqueous liquids. ‘‘(2) L
EVERAGING .—In carrying out pro-grams and activities under the Initiative, the Secretary shall leverage expertise and resources from— ‘‘(A) the Basic Energy Sciences Program, the Advanced Scientific Computing Research Program, and the Biological and Environ-mental Research Program of the Office of Science; and ‘‘(B) the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. ‘‘(3) T
EAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Ini-tiative, the Secretary shall organize activi-ties among multidisciplinary teams to lever-age, to the maximum extent practicable, ex-pertise from the National Laboratories, in-stitutions of higher education, and the pri-vate sector. ‘‘(B) G
OALS .—The multidisciplinary teams described in subparagraph (A) shall pursue aggressive, milestone-driven, basic research goals. ‘‘(C) RESOURCES .—The Secretary shall pro-vide sufficient resources to the multidisci-plinary teams described in subparagraph (A) to achieve the goals described in subpara-graph (B) over a period of time to be deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—The Sec-retary may organize additional activities under this subsection through Energy Fron-tier Research Centers, Energy Innovation Hubs, or other organizational structures. ‘‘(b) M
ULTIVALENT SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research needed to bridge scientific barriers to, and discover knowledge relevant to, multivalent ion materials in electric en-ergy storage systems. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences shall investigate electro-chemical properties and the dynamics of ma-terials, including charge transfer phenomena and mass transport in materials; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy shall sup-port translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts devel-oped under the program. ‘‘(3) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From within funds au-thorized to be appropriated under section 11 of the Department of Energy Science and In-novation Act of 2018, for Basic Energy Sciences and Biological and Environmental Research, the Secretary shall make avail-able for carrying out activities under this subsection $50,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2019. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology. ‘‘(c) E
LECTROCHEMISTRY MODELING AND SIM-
ULATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research to model and simulate or-ganic electrolytes, including the static and dynamic electrochemical behavior and phe-nomena of organic electrolytes at the molec-ular and atomic level in monovalent and multivalent systems. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences, in coordination with the Asso-ciate Director of Advanced Scientific Com-puting Research, shall support the develop-ment of high performance computational tools through a joint development process to maximize the effectiveness of current and projected high performance computing sys-tems; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy shall sup-port translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts devel-oped under the program. ‘‘(3) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From within funds au-thorized to be appropriated under section 11 of the Department of Energy Science and In-novation Act of 2018, for Basic Energy Sciences and Advanced Scientific Computing Research, the Secretary shall make avail-able for carrying out activities under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.012 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5774 June 27, 2018 
subsection $30,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2019. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology. ‘‘(d) M
ESOSCALE ELECTROCHEMISTRY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out under the Initiative a program to support research needed to reveal electro-chemistry in confined mesoscale spaces, in-cluding scientific discoveries relevant to— ‘‘(A) bio-electrochemistry and electro-chemical energy conversion and storage in confined spaces; and ‘‘(B) the dynamics of the phenomena de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the Director of the Office of Basic En-ergy Sciences and the Associate Director of Biological and Environmental Research shall investigate phenomena of mesoscale electro-chemical confinement for the purpose of rep-licating and controlling new electrochemical behavior; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy shall sup-port translational research, development, and validation of physical concepts devel-oped under the program. ‘‘(3) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—The Secretary shall review activities carried out under the program described in paragraph (1) to deter-mine the achievement of technical mile-stones. ‘‘(4) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From within funds au-thorized to be appropriated under section 11 of the Department of Energy Science and In-novation Act of 2018, for Basic Energy Sciences and Biological and Environmental Research, the Secretary shall make avail-able for carrying out activities under this subsection $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds allocated to the program described in paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended for commercial ap-plication of energy technology.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking the item relating to section 975 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 975. Electricity storage research ini-tiative.’’. (h) E
NERGY FRONTIER RESEARCH CENTERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry out a program to provide awards, on a com-petitive, merit-reviewed basis, to multi-in-stitutional collaborations or other appro-priate entities to conduct fundamental and use-inspired energy research to accelerate scientific breakthroughs. (2) C
OLLABORATIONS .—A collaboration re-ceiving an award under this subsection may include multiple types of institutions and private sector entities. (3) S
ELECTION AND DURATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A collaboration under this subsection shall be selected for a period of 4 years. (B) E
XISTING CENTERS .—An Energy Fron-tier Research Center in existence and sup-ported by the Director on the date of enact-ment of this Act may continue to receive support for a period of 4 years beginning on the date of establishment of that center. (C) R
EAPPLICATION .—After the end of the period described in subparagraph (A) or (B), as applicable, a recipient of an award may reapply for selection on a competitive, merit-reviewed basis. (D) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the ex-isting authorities of the Department, the Di-rector may terminate an underperforming center for cause during the performance pe-riod. (i) MATERIALS RESEARCH DATABASE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the program in materials sciences and engineering, the Di-rector shall support the development of a web-based platform to provide access to a database of computed information on known and predicted materials properties and com-putational tools to accelerate breakthroughs in materials discovery and design. (2) In carrying out this section, the Direc-tor shall— (A) conduct cooperative research with in-dustry, academia, and other research institu-tions to facilitate the design of novel mate-rials; (B) leverage existing high performance computing systems to conduct high-through-put calculations, and develop computational and data mining algorithms for the pre-diction of material properties; (C) advance understanding, prediction, and manipulation of materials; (D) strengthen the foundation for new technologies and advanced manufacturing; and (E) drive the development of advanced ma-terials for applications that span the Depart-ment’s missions in energy, environment, and national security. (3) In carrying out this section, the Direc-tor shall leverage programs and activities across the Department. 
SEC. 5. ADVANCED SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING RE-SEARCH. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a research, development, and demonstration program to advance computational and net-working capabilities to analyze, model, sim-ulate, and predict complex phenomena rel-evant to the development of new energy technologies and the competitiveness of the United States. (b) A
MERICAN SUPER COMPUTING LEADER -
SHIP.— (1) R
ENAMING OF ACT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1 of the Depart-ment of Energy High-End Computing Revi-talization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5501 note; Public Law 108–423) is amended by striking ‘‘Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘American Super Computing Leadership Act’’. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 976(a)(1) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16316(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘De-partment of Energy High-End Computing Re-vitalization Act of 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘American Super Computing Leadership Act’’. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Amer-ican Super Computing Leadership Act (15 U.S.C. 5541), as renamed by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6), re-spectively; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ means the Department of Energy. ‘‘(2) E
XASCALE COMPUTING .—The term ‘exascale computing’ means computing through the use of a computing machine that performs near or above 10 to the 18th power operations per second.’’; and (C) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated by subparagraph (A)), by striking ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Office of Science of the Department of Energy’’. (3) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY HIGH -END COM -
PUTING RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 3 of the American Super Computing Leadership Act (15 U.S.C. 5542), as renamed by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated program across the Department’’; (B) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘, which may’’ and all that follows through ‘‘multithreading architectures’’; and (C) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) EXASCALE COMPUTING PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a research program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Program’) for exascale computing, including the development of two or more exascale computing machine ar-chitectures, to promote the missions of the Department. ‘‘(2) E
XECUTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Pro-gram, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) establish a National Laboratory part-nership for industry partners and institu-tions of higher education for codesign of exascale hardware, technology, software, and applications across all applicable organiza-tions of the Department; ‘‘(ii) acquire multiple exascale computing systems at the existing Departmental facili-ties that represent at least two distinct tech-nology options developed under clause (i); ‘‘(iii) develop such advancements in hard-ware and software technology as are required to fully realize the potential of an exascale production system in addressing Department target applications and solving scientific problems involving predictive modeling and simulation, large scale data analytics and management, and artificial intelligence; ‘‘(iv) explore the use of exascale computing technologies to advance a broad range of science and engineering; and ‘‘(v) provide, as appropriate, on a competi-tive, merit-reviewed basis, access for re-searchers in industries in the United States, institutions of higher education, National Laboratories, and other Federal agencies to the exascale computing systems developed pursuant to clause (i). ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION OF PARTNERS .—The Sec- retary shall select the partnerships with the computing facilities of the Department under subparagraph (A) through a competi-tive, peer-review process. ‘‘(3) C
ODESIGN AND APPLICATION DEVELOP -
MENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) carry out the Program through an in-tegration of applications, computer science, applied mathematics, and computer hard-ware architecture using the partnerships es-tablished pursuant to paragraph (2) to ensure that, to the maximum extent practicable, two or more exascale computing machine ar-chitectures are capable of solving Depart-ment target applications and broader sci-entific problems, including predictive mod-eling and simulation, large scale data ana-lytics and management, and artificial intel-ligence; and ‘‘(ii) conduct outreach programs to in-crease the readiness for the use of such plat-forms by domestic industries, including manufacturers. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—(i) The Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a report describing how the integration under subparagraph (A) is fur-thering application science data and com-putational workloads across application in-terests, including national security, mate-rial science, physical science, cybersecurity, biological science, the Materials Genome and BRAIN Initiatives of the President, advanced manufacturing, and the national electric grid. ‘‘(ii) The roles and responsibilities of Na-tional Laboratories and industry, including the definition of the roles and responsibil-ities within the Department to ensure an in-tegrated program across the Department. ‘‘(4) P
ROJECT REVIEW .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.012 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5775 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The exascale architec-tures developed pursuant to partnerships es-tablished pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be reviewed through a project review process. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on— ‘‘(i) the results of the review conducted under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) the coordination and management of the Program to ensure an integrated re-search program across the Department. ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—At the time of the budget submission of the Department for each fiscal year, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the members of the partnerships established pursuant to paragraph (2), shall submit to Congress a report that describes funding for the Program as a whole by func-tional element of the Department and crit-ical milestones.’’. (c) H
IGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTING AND  N
ETWORKING RESEARCH .—The Director shall support research in high-performance com-puting and networking relevant to energy applications, including modeling, simula-tion, machine learning, and advanced data analytics for basic and applied energy re-search programs carried out by the Sec-retary. (d) A
PPLIED MATHEMATICS AND SOFTWARE  D
EVELOPMENT FOR HIGH-ENDCOMPUTING SYS-
TEMS , C OMPUTATIONAL , AND COMPUTER  S
CIENCES RESEARCH .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall carry out activities to develop, test, and support— (A) mathematics, models, statistics, and algorithms for complex systems and pro-gramming environments; and (B) tools, languages, and operations for high-end computing systems (as defined in section 2 of the American Super Computing Leadership Act (15 U.S.C. 5541), as renamed by this section). (2) P
ORTFOLIO BALANCE .—The Director shall maintain a balanced portfolio within the ad-vanced scientific computing research and de-velopment program established under sec-tion 976 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16316) that supports robust investment in applied mathematical, computational, and computer sciences research while accommo-dating necessary investments in high-per-formance computing hardware and facilities. (e) W
ORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .—The Direc-tor of the Office of Advanced Scientific Com-puting Research shall support the develop-ment of a computational science workforce through a program that— (1) facilitates collaboration between uni-versity students and researchers at the Na-tional Laboratories; and (2) endeavors to advance science in areas relevant to the mission of the Department through the application of computational science. 
SEC. 6. HIGH ENERGY PHYSICS. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a research program on the fundamental con-stituents of matter and energy and the na-ture of space and time. (b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the program described in subsection (a) shall be to sup-port theoretical and experimental research in both elementary particle physics and fun-damental accelerator science and technology to understand fundamental properties of the universe. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Director should incorporate the findings and recommendations of the Par-ticle Physics Project Prioritization Panel’s report entitled ‘‘Building for Discovery: Strategic Plan for U.S. Particle Physics in the Global Context’’, into the Department’s planning process as part of the program de-scribed in subsection (a); (2) the Director should prioritize domesti-cally hosted research projects that will maintain the United States position as a global leader in particle physics and attract the world’s most talented physicists and for-eign investment for international collabora-tion; and (3) the nations that lead in particle physics by hosting international teams dedicated to a common scientific goal attract the world’s best talent and inspire future generations of physicists and technologists. (d) NEUTRINO RESEARCH .—As part of the program described in subsection (a), the Di-rector shall carry out research activities on rare decay processes and the nature of the neutrino, which may include collaborations with the National Science Foundation or international collaborations. (e) L
ONG-BASELINE NEUTRINO FACILITY FOR  D
EEPUNDERGROUND NEUTRINO EXPERIMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for a Long-Baseline Neutrino Facility to facilitate the international Deep Under-ground Neutrino Experiment to enable a pro-gram in neutrino physics to measure the fun-damental properties of neutrinos, explore physics beyond the Standard Model, and bet-ter clarify the nature of matter and anti-matter. (2) F
ACILITY CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the facility described in paragraph (1) will provide, at a minimum, the following capabilities: (A) A broad-band neutrino beam capable of 1.2 megawatts (MW) of beam power and upgradable to 2.4 MW of beam power. (B) Four caverns excavated for a forty kil-oton fiducial detector mass and supporting surface buildings and utilities. (C) Neutrino detector facilities at both the Far Site in South Dakota and the Near Site in Illinois to categorize and study neutrinos on their 800-mile journey between the two sites. (D) Cryogenic systems to support neutrino detectors. (3) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the facility under this subsection occurs before December 31, 2026. (4) F
UNDING .—Out of funds authorized to be appropriated under section 11 for High En-ergy Physics, there shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out activities, in-cluding construction of the facility, under this subsection— (A) $95,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and (B) $175,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. (5) D
ARK ENERGY AND DARK MATTER RE -
SEARCH .—As part of the program described in paragraph (1), the Director shall carry out research activities on the nature of dark en-ergy and dark matter, which may include collaborations with the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration or the Na-tional Science Foundation, or international collaborations. (6) I
NTERNATIONAL COLLABORATION .—The Director, as practicable and in coordination with other appropriate Federal agencies as necessary, shall ensure the access of United States researchers to the most advanced ac-celerator facilities and research capabilities in the world, including the Large Hadron Collider. 
SEC. 7. BIOLOGICAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RE-SEARCH. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a program of basic research in the areas of biological systems science and environ-mental science relevant to the development of new energy technologies and to support Department missions in energy, environ-ment, and national security. (b) BIOLOGICAL SYSTEMS .—The Director shall carry out research and development ac-tivities in fundamental, structural, com-putational, and systems biology to increase systems-level understanding of the complex biological systems, which may include ac-tivities— (1) to accelerate breakthroughs and new knowledge that would enable the cost-effec-tive, sustainable production of— (A) biomass-based liquid transportation fuels; (B) bioenergy; and (C) biobased materials; (2) to improve understanding of the global carbon cycle, including processes for remov-ing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, through photosynthesis and other biological processes, for sequestration and storage; and (3) to understand the biological mecha-nisms used to transform, immobilize, or re-move contaminants from subsurface environ-ments. (c) B
IOENERGY RESEARCH CENTERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out activities under subsection (a), the Director shall se-lect and establish up to 4 bioenergy research centers to conduct basic and fundamental re-search in plant and microbial systems biol-ogy, bio imaging and analysis, and genomics to inform the production of fuels, chemicals from sustainable biomass resources, and to facilitate the translation of basic research results to industry. (2) S
ELECTION .—The Director shall select centers under paragraph (1) on a competi-tive, merit-reviewed basis. The Director shall consider applications from National Laboratories, multi-institutional collabora-tions, and other appropriate entities. (3) D
URATION .—A center established under this subsection shall receive support for a pe-riod of not more than 5 years, subject to the availability of appropriations. (4) E
XISTING CENTERS .—The Director may select a center for participation under this subsection that is in existence, or under-going a renewal process, on the date of en-actment of this Act. Such center shall be eli-gible to receive support for the duration the 5-year period beginning on the date of estab-lishment of such center. (5) R
ENEWAL .—Upon the expiration of any period of support of a center under this sub-section, the Director may renew support for the center, on a merit-reviewed basis, for a period of not more than 5 years. (6) T
ERMINATION .—Consistent with the ex-isting authorities of the Department, the Di-rector may terminate an underperforming center for cause during the performance pe-riod. (d) L
OWDOSE RADIATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subtitle G of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16311 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 977 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 977A. LOW-DOSE RADIATION RESEARCH PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a basic research program on low- dose radiation to— ‘‘(1) enhance the scientific understanding of, and reduce uncertainties associated with, the effects of exposure to low-dose radiation; and ‘‘(2) inform improved risk-assessment and risk-management methods with respect to such radiation. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM COMPONENTS .—In carrying out the program required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) formulate scientific goals for low-dose radiation basic research in the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.012 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5776 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(2) identify ongoing scientific challenges for understanding the long-term effects of ionizing radiation on biological systems; ‘‘(3) develop a long-term strategic and prioritized basic research agenda to address such scientific challenges in coordination with other research efforts; ‘‘(4) leverage the collective body of knowl-edge from existing low-dose radiation re-search; and ‘‘(5) engage with other Federal agencies, research communities, and potential users of information produced under this section, in-cluding institutions concerning radiation re-search, medical physics, radiology, health physics, and emergency response. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary, in coordination with the Physical Science Subcommittee of the National Science and Technology Council, shall— ‘‘(1) support the directives under section 106 of the American Innovation and Competi-tiveness Act (42 U.S.C. 6601 note); ‘‘(2) ensure that the Office of Science of the Department of Energy consults with the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, the National Institutes of Health, the Environmental Protection Agency, the De-partment of Defense, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and the Department of Home-land Security; ‘‘(3) advise and assist the National Science and Technology Council on policies and ini-tiatives in radiation biology, including en-hancing scientific knowledge of the effects of low-dose radiation on biological systems to improve radiation risk-assessment and risk- management methods; and ‘‘(4) identify opportunities to stimulate international cooperation relating to low- dose radiation and leverage research and knowledge from sources outside of the United States. ‘‘(d) R
ESEARCH PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a 4-year research plan that iden-tifies and prioritizes basic research needs re-lating to low-dose radiation. In developing such plan, the Secretary shall incorporate the components described in subsection (b). ‘‘(e) D
EFINITION OF LOW-DOSE RADIATION .— In this section, the term ‘low-dose radiation’ means a radiation dose of less than 100 millisieverts. ‘‘(f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to subject any research carried out by the Secretary for the program under this section to any limita-tions described in 977(e) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16317(e)). ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .—From within funds author-ized to be appropriated under section 11 of the Department of Energy Science and Inno-vation Act of 2018, for Biological and Envi-ronmental Research, the Secretary make available to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and ‘‘(2) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for subtitle G of title IX of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 977 the following: ‘‘977A. Low-dose radiation research pro-gram.’’. (e) M
ODELING RESEARCH .—As part of the activities described in subsection (a), the Di-rector is authorized to carry out research to develop multiscale computational models that incorporate and examine interactions among human and earth systems. (f) L
IMITATION FOR RESEARCH FUNDS .—The Director shall not approve new climate science-related initiatives without making a determination that such work is well-coordi-nated with any relevant work carried out by other Federal agencies. SEC. 8. FUSION ENERGY. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a fusion energy sciences research program to expand the understanding of plasmas and matter at very high temperatures and den-sities and build the science and engineering foundation needed to develop a fusion energy source. (b) I
NERTIAL FUSION ENERGY RESEARCH AND  D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall carry out a program of research and technology development in inertial fusion for energy applications, including ion beam, laser, and pulsed power fusion systems. (c) T
OKAMAK RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall support research and development activities and fa-cility operations to optimize the tokamak approach to fusion energy. (2) I
NTERNATIONAL THERMONUCLEAR EXPERI -
MENTAL REACTOR CONSTRUCTION .—Section 972 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16312) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) ITER 
CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized United States participation in the construc-tion and operations of the ITER project, as agreed to under the April 25, 2007 ‘Agreement on the Establishment of the ITER Inter-national Fusion Energy Organization for the Joint Implementation of the ITER Project.’. ‘‘(B) F
ACILITY REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-retary shall ensure that the mission-oriented user facility will enable the study of a burn-ing plasma, and shall be built to have the following characteristics in its full configu-ration: ‘‘(i) A tokamak device with a plasma ra-dius of 6.2 meters and a magnetic field of 5.3 T. ‘‘(ii) Capable of creating and sustaining a 15-million-Ampere plasma current for great-er than 300 seconds. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— From within funds authorized to be appro-priated under section 11 of the Department of Energy Science and Innovation Act of 2018, for Fusion Energy Sciences, there is au-thorized for in-kind contributions under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) $122,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and ‘‘(ii) $163,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(D) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— From within funds authorized to be appro-priated under section 11 of the Department of Energy Science and Innovation Act of 2018, for Fusion Energy Sciences, there is au-thorized for cash contributions under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; and ‘‘(ii) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (d) A
LTERNATIVE AND ENABLING CON-
CEPTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the program de-scribed in subsection (a), the Director shall support research and development activities and facility operations at United States uni-versities, national laboratories, and private facilities for a portfolio of alternative and enabling fusion energy concepts that may provide solutions to significant challenges to the establishment of a commercial magnetic fusion power plant, prioritized based on the ability of the United States to play a leader-ship role in the international fusion research community. Fusion energy concepts and ac-tivities explored under this paragraph may include— (A) high magnetic field approaches facili-tated by high temperature superconductors; (B) advanced stellarator concepts; (C) non-tokamak confinement configura-tions operating at low magnetic fields; (D) magnetized target fusion energy con-cepts; (E) liquid metals to address issues associ-ated with fusion plasma interactions with the inner wall of the encasing device; (F) immersion blankets for heat manage-ment and fuel breeding; (G) advanced scientific computing activi-ties; and (H) other promising fusion energy concepts identified by the Director. (2) COORDINATION WITH ARPA –E.—The Under Secretary and the Director shall coordinate with the Director of the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy (in this paragraph referred to as ‘‘ARPA–E’’) to— (A) assess the potential for any fusion en-ergy project supported by ARPA–E to rep-resent a promising approach to a commer-cially viable fusion power plant; (B) determine whether the results of any fusion energy project supported by ARPA–E merit the support of follow-on research ac-tivities carried out by the Office of Science; and (C) avoid unintentional duplication of ac-tivities. (e) F
AIRNESS IN COMPETITION FOR SOLICITA -
TIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PROJECT ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 33 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2053) is amended by insert-ing before the first sentence the following: ‘‘In this section, with respect to inter-national research projects, the term ‘private facilities or laboratories’ means facilities or laboratories located in the United States.’’. (f) I
DENTIFICATION OF PRIORITIES .— (1) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the fusion energy research and develop-ment activities that the Department pro-poses to carry out over the 10-year period following the date of the report under not fewer than 3 realistic budget scenarios, in-cluding a scenario based on 3-percent annual growth in the non-ITER portion of the budg-et for fusion energy research and develop-ment activities. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report required under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) identify specific areas of fusion energy research and enabling technology develop-ment, including activities to advance iner-tial and alternative fusion energy concepts, in which the United States can and should establish or solidify a lead in the global fu-sion energy development effort; (ii) identify priorities for initiation of fa-cility construction and facility decommis-sioning under each of the three budget sce-narios described in subparagraph (A); and (iii) assess the ability of the fusion work-force of the United States to carry out the activities identified under clauses (i) and (ii), including the adequacy of programs at insti-tutions of higher education in the United States to train the leaders and workers of the next generation of fusion energy re-searchers. (2) P
ROCESS .—In order to develop the re-port required under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall leverage best practices and lessons learned from the process used to de-velop the most recent report of the Particle Physics Project Prioritization Panel of the High Energy Physics Advisory Panel. (3) R
EQUIREMENT .—No member of the Fu-sion Energy Sciences Advisory Committee shall be excluded from participating in de-veloping or voting on final approval of the report required under paragraph (1)(A). 
SEC. 9. NUCLEAR PHYSICS. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Director shall carry out a program of experimental and theoretical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.012 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5777 June 27, 2018 
research, and support associated facilities, to discover, explore, and understand all forms of nuclear matter. (b) I
SOTOPE DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCTION  
FOR RESEARCH APPLICATIONS .—The Direc-tor— (1) may carry out a program for the pro-duction of isotopes, including the develop-ment of techniques to produce isotopes, that the Secretary determines are needed for re-search, medical, industrial, or related pur-poses; and (2) shall ensure that isotope production ac-tivities carried out under the program under this paragraph do not compete with private industry unless the Director determines that critical national interests require the in-volvement of the Federal Government. (c) R
ENAMING OF THE RAREISOTOPE ACCEL-
ERATOR .—Section 981 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16321) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
RARE ISOTOPE ACCELERATOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘
FACILITY FOR RARE ISOTOPE BEAMS ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Rare Isotope Accelerator’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Facility for Rare Isotope Beams’’. (d) F
ACILITY FOR RAREISOTOPE BEAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for a Facility for Rare Isotope Beams to advance the understanding of rare nuclear isotopes and the evolution of the cosmos. (2) F
ACILITY CAPABILITY .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide for, at a minimum, a rare isotope beam facil-ity capable of 400 kW of beam power. (3) S
TART OF OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the start of full operations of the facility under this subsection occurs before June 30, 2022, with early operation in 2018. (4) F
UNDING .—Out of funds authorized to be appropriated under section 11 for Nuclear Physics, there shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out activities, including construction of the facility, under this sub-section— (A) $101,200,000 for fiscal year 2018; and (B) $86,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 10. SCIENCE LABORATORIES INFRASTRUC-TURE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall carry out a program to improve the safety, effi-ciency, and mission readiness of infrastruc-ture at Office of Science laboratories. The program shall include projects to— (1) renovate or replace space that does not meet research needs; (2) replace facilities that are no longer cost effective to renovate or operate; (3) modernize utility systems to prevent failures and ensure efficiency; (4) remove excess facilities to allow safe and efficient operations; and (5) construct modern facilities to conduct advanced research in controlled environ-mental conditions. (b) A
PPROACH .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Director shall utilize all available approaches and mechanisms, including cap-ital line items, minor construction projects, energy savings performance contracts, util-ity energy service contracts, alternative fi-nancing, and expense funding, as appro-priate. 
SEC. 11. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR 2018.—There are author-ized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science for fiscal year 2018 $6,259,903,000, of which— (1) $2,090,000,000 shall be for Basic Energy Science; (2) $908,000,000 shall be for High Energy Physics; (3) $673,000,000 shall be for Biological and Environmental Research; (4) $684,000,000 shall be for Nuclear Physics; (5) $810,000,000 shall be for Advanced Sci-entific Computing Research; (6) $532,111,000 shall be for Fusion Energy Sciences; (7) $257,292,000 shall be for Science Labora-tories Infrastructure; (8) $183,000,000 shall be for Science Program Direction; (9) $103,000,000 shall be for Safeguards and Security; and (10) $19,500,000 shall be for Workforce De-velopment for Teachers and Scientists. (b) FISCAL YEAR 2019.—There are author-ized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the Office of Science for fiscal year 2019 $6,600,000,000, of which— (1) $2,129,233,000 shall be for Basic Energy Science; (2) $1,004,510,000 shall be for High Energy Physics; (3) $673,000,000 shall be for Biological and Environmental Research; (4) $690,000,000 shall be for Nuclear Physics; (5) $899,010,000 shall be for Advanced Sci-entific Computing Research; (6) $640,000,000 shall be for Fusion Energy Sciences; (7) $257,292,000 shall be for Science Labora-tories Infrastructure; (8) $181,345,000 shall be for Science Program Direction; (9) $106,110,000 shall be for Safeguards and Security; and (10) $19,500,000 shall be for Workforce De-velopment for Teachers and Scientists. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5905, the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5905, the Department of Energy Science and Innovation Act of 2018. This legislation authorizes the De-partment of Energy’s Office of Science programs for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. It also authorizes upgrades and new construction of major user facilities at the Department of Energy national labs and universities. Over the past 4 years, the Energy Subcommittee has met with stake-holders, held hearings, and worked ex-tensively with our colleagues to draft the language included in today’s legis-lation. During this comprehensive process, we spoke with DOE officials, directors of DOE national labs, aca-demia, and industry representatives about the right priorities for these Of-fice of Science programs. The result was a series of bills that the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has advanced through the House this Con-gress, including H.R. 589, H.R. 4376, H.R. 4377, and H.R. 4675. The legislation we will consider today combines these bills to form a bi-partisan authorization of the depart-ment’s basic science research. This in-cludes more than $6 billion in funda-mental research and discovery science, largely performed at DOE national lab-oratories and user facilities around the country. Last month, I had the opportunity to visit a number of these facilities at Ar-gonne National Laboratory and Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory with several of my Science, Space, and Technology Committee colleagues. We got to see firsthand the incredible work that those researchers do for our coun-try and for the world. From advanced scientific computing to nuclear physics to fusion energy science, focusing on basic research at our national labs provides the best op-portunity for U.S. economic growth and technology innovation. H.R. 5905 authorizes funding for crit-ical infrastructure projects at these na-tional labs. In the Basic Energy Sciences program, it authorizes up-grades to world-leading X-ray light source facilities around the country, like the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne National Laboratory and the Advanced Light Source at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. These facilities give American sci-entists the tools they need to study the structure and behavior of both physical and biological materials, enabling in-novation in many fields, including cre-ating new materials for industrial as well as pharmaceutical use. This legislation also authorizes the construction of new DOE research fa-cilities for physics and high-energy physics. This includes construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams, or FRIB, at Michigan State University, which will enable critical nuclear phys-ics research across a wide breadth of fields, ranging from astrophysics to medicine, and eventually the construc-tion of the Long-Baseline Neutrino Fa-cility at Fermilab, an internationally coordinated project to build the world’s highest intensity neutrino beam. The research at this facility will help shed light on the universe and its origins. This bill, Mr. Speaker, also specifi-cally authorizes basic research in fields that are critical to U.S. dominance in science and technology. It authorizes research in exascale computing, elec-tricity storage, and fusion energy sciences. It establishes a DOE exascale computing program, a low-dose radi-ation research program, and programs for managing our Energy Frontier Re-search Centers and Bioenergy Research Centers, while also ensuring that we fulfill our commitments to the ITER project for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. Significant investments in basic science research by foreign countries like China threaten America’s global standing as the leader in scientific knowledge. To maintain our competi-tive advantage as a world leader in science, we must continue to support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.012 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5778 June 27, 2018 
the research and research infrastruc-ture that will lead to next generation technologies. H.R. 5905 is a commonsense bill that will maintain American leadership in science. I want to thank Chairman S
MITH, Representative L OFGREN , Vice Chairman L
UCAS , and many of my Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee colleagues for cosponsoring this important legislation. I am grateful for the opportunity to work with the mem-bers of this committee to gather re-search that will help America compete around the world. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5905, the Department of Energy Science and Innovation Act of 2018. This bill provides important statutory direction to the Department of Ener-gy’s Office of Science, which is our Na-tion’s largest supporter of research in the physical sciences. So it is impos-sible to overstate its importance to our energy future and to our overall inno-vation enterprise. This agency also operates more than 30 world-class scientific user facilities, whose applications range from devel-oping new materials for next genera-tion batteries, to new pharmaceuticals that will better treat diseases, to even examining the fundamental building blocks of the universe. Much of this bill is derived from pre-vious bipartisan, bicameral agreements that were included in H.R. 589, the House-passed Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act of 2017. As we await Senate action on that legislation, I support moving forward with additional language included in this bill that would authorize upgrades to several important user facilities, di-rect DOE to provide sufficient support to maintain our commitments to the ITER international fusion project, and provide statutory authority to fund low-dose radiation research as well as a promising computational materials initiative at our national labs. I also note that I am happy to see ro-bust funding levels included in this bi-partisan bill, particularly for the Bio-logical and Environmental Research program, which supports critical re-search to reduce uncertainties and bet-ter understand the impacts of climate change. I strongly support this bill and encourage my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee, Mr. W
EBER , the gentleman from Texas, for yielding. I strongly support this bill, H.R. 5905, the Department of Energy Science and Innovation Act of 2018. This bipartisan legislation, sponsored by 12 members of the House Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee authorizes the basic research programs within the DOE Of-fice of Science for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. The programs include research in basic energy sciences, advanced sci-entific computing, high-energy phys-ics, biological and environmental re-search, fusion energy science, and nu-clear physics. These basic research programs are the core mission of the Department of Energy and will produce the scientific discoveries that will help maintain U.S. leadership in technology. This bill also prioritizes basic re-search funding for solar fuels, elec-tricity storage, bioenergy research, exascale computing, and low-dose radi-ation research. It provides the Office of Science funding for upgrades and con-struction of seven high-priority user facilities at DOE national labs. This legislation is the product of more than 4 years of bipartisan work by the Science, Space, and Technology Committee to advance basic research and set clear science priorities for the Department of Energy. H.R. 5905 builds on the initiatives in-cluded in the House-passed bill, H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Re-search and Innovation Act, and also in-corporates four bipartisan Science, Space, and Technology Committee in-frastructure bills that passed the House in February. One example of the central missions authorized in the DOE Science and In-novation Act is the exascale computing program. Developing an exascale sys-tem is critical to enabling scientific discovery, strengthening national secu-rity, and promoting U.S. competitive-ness. Exascale computing will have real-world benefits for American indus-try and entice the best researchers in the world to conduct groundbreaking science at the DOE labs. To strengthen U.S. energy independ-ence, this legislation also supports fu-sion energy sciences. When commercial fusion becomes available, it will revo-lutionize the energy market and could significantly reduce global carbon emissions. H.R. 5905 also authorizes funds for U.S. contributions to the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor project, a critical step to achieving commercial fusion energy. Again, I want to thank Representa-tive WEBER , as well as Representative L
OFGREN , for their longstanding sup-port of basic research and investments in our world-class science facilities at the DOE national labs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. b1445 Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ), the dis-tinguished doctor. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5905, the De-partment of Energy Science and Inno-vation Act, sponsored by my friend and colleague Representative W
EBER . His bill contains the text of my bill, the Low-Dose Radiation Research Act, which unanimously passed the House this past February. The language directs the Department of Energy to utilize $20 million to carry out a research program on low-dose ra-diation within the Office of Science. This program will increase our under-standing of the health effects that low doses of radiation have on biological systems. Research has consistently shown us the adverse health effects associated with high doses of radiation, but we are a long way from accurately assessing the effects of low doses of radiation. As the product of industrial activities, medical procedures, and naturally oc-curring systems, humans are exposed to low doses of radiation every day, and it is imperative we can accurately assess this risk. There is broad consensus among the radiobiology community that more re-search is necessary for Federal agen-cies, physicians, and related experts to advance the use of radiation tech-nologies. We have invaluable diag-nostic tools today, such as CT scans, which emit low doses of radiation. It is vital that physicians are able to inform patients of the health risks associated with these types of imaging processes. As a physician in my home State of Kansas, I have a firsthand under-standing of the crucial importance of verified research and ensuring the best medical outcomes for my patients. I am proud to support this bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, by harnessing the strength of our national labs and in-vesting in basic research, H.R. 5905 will help ensure Americans’ leadership in science and technology. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank my 11 colleagues on the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology who have cosponsored H.R. 5905, including Chairman L
AMAR SMITH, Representa-tive Z
OELOFGREN , and Vice Chairman F
RANK LUCAS . I also want to thank the dozens of researchers and stakeholders who provided feedback as we developed this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this commonsense, bipartisan legisla-tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.047 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5779 June 27, 2018 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this is great legislation. Again, I want to urge the adoption of this common-sense, bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5905, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ARPA-E ACT OF 2018 Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5906) to amend the America COM-PETES Act to establish Department of Energy policy for Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5906 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘ARPA-E Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGEN-CY–ENERGY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Section 5012(b) of the America COMPETES Act (42 U.S.C. 16538(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘development of en-ergy technologies’’ and inserting ‘‘develop-ment of transformative science and tech-nology solutions to address energy, environ-mental, economic, and national security challenges’’. (b) G
OALS .—Section 5012(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 16538(c)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1)(A) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) to enhance the economic and energy security of the United States through the de-velopment of energy technologies that— ‘‘(i) reduce imports of energy from foreign sources; ‘‘(ii) reduce energy-related emissions, in-cluding greenhouse gases; ‘‘(iii) improve the energy efficiency of all economic sectors; ‘‘(iv) provide transformative solutions to improve the management, clean-up, and dis-posal of— ‘‘(I) low-level radioactive waste; ‘‘(II) spent nuclear fuel; and ‘‘(III) high-level radioactive waste; ‘‘(v) improve efficiency and reduce the en-vironmental impact of all forms of energy production; ‘‘(vi) improve the resiliency, reliability, and security of the electric grid; and ‘‘(vii) address other challenges within the mission of the Department as determined by the Secretary; and’’; and (2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘energy technology projects’’ and inserting ‘‘ad-vanced technology projects’’. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 5012(e)(3)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 16538(e)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘energy’’. (d) S
TRATEGIC VISION ROADMAP .—Section 5012(h)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 16538(h)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) STRATEGIC VISION ROADMAP .—In the re- port required under paragraph (1), the Direc-tor shall include a roadmap describing the strategic vision that ARPA-E will use to guide the choices of ARPA-E for future tech-nology investments over the following 2 fis-cal years.’’. (e) C
OORDINATION AND NONDUPLICATION .— Section 5012(i)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 16538(i)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Director shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the activities of ARPA–E are coordi-nated with, and do not duplicate the efforts of, programs and laboratories within the De-partment and other relevant research agen-cies; and ‘‘(B) ARPA–E does not provide funding for a project unless the prospective grantee demonstrates sufficient attempts to secure private financing or indicates that the project is not independently commercially viable.’’. (f) E
VALUATION .—Section 5012(l) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 16538(l)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the ARPA-E Act of 2018, the Secretary is authorized to enter into a contract with the National Academy of Sciences under which the Na-tional Academy shall conduct an evaluation of how well ARPA-E is achieving the goals and mission of ARPA-E.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘is authorized to’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the recommendation of the National Academy of Sciences’’ and in-serting ‘‘a recommendation’’. (g) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.—Section 5012 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 16538) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (n) as sub-section (o); and (2) by inserting after subsection (m) the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY INFORMA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The following categories of information collected by ARPA-E from re-cipients of awards under this section shall be considered privileged and confidential and not subject to disclosure pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code: ‘‘(A) Plans for commercialization of tech-nologies developed under the award, includ-ing business plans, technology-to-market plans, market studies, and cost and perform-ance models. ‘‘(B) Investments provided to an awardee from third parties (such as venture capital firms, hedge funds, and private equity firms), including amounts and the percentage of ownership of the awardee provided in return for the investments. ‘‘(C) Additional financial support that the awardee— ‘‘(i) plans to invest, or has invested, into the technology developed under the award; or ‘‘(ii) is seeking from third parties. ‘‘(D) Revenue from the licensing or sale of new products or services resulting from re-search conducted under the award. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to affect— ‘‘(A) the authority of the Secretary to use information without publicly disclosing such information; or ‘‘(B) the responsibility of the Secretary to transmit information to Congress as re-quired by law.’’. (h) F
UNDING .—Section 5012(o)(4) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 16538(o)(4)), as redesignated by sub-section (g)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘dur-ing the 5-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act’’. (i) TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 5012(g)(3)(A)(iii) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 16538(g)(3)(A)(iii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subpart’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph’’. (2) Section 5012(o)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 16538(o)(2)), as redesignated by subsection (g)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5906, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5906, the ARPA-E Act of 2018. This leg-islation requires the Department to refocus ARPA-E towards developing transformative science and technology solutions to address energy, environ-ment, economic, and national security issues. ARPA-E was created to ensure that the U.S. energy sector maintained a competitiveness in developing emerg-ing energy technologies. The program was established to help develop high- potential, high-impact energy tech-nologies that were too early stage to attract private sector investment. ARPA-E was designed to bring this finite R&D funding for a limited time, with the intention to make quick, no-table impact on the development of new energy technologies. In order to accomplish this goal, ARPA-E was given a unique manage-ment structure, with flexibility to start and stop research projects that are no longer achieving individual goals, expedited hiring and firing au-thority to make sure that ARPA-E staff could adequately select and sup-port projects, and the tools to identify market challenges that could affect the advancement in project tech-nologies. However, we have all heard of the concerns with ARPA-E. The first is the worry that this is just one more of the same from DOE. With the Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy program office funded at over $2.3 billion, it is easy to see why some would ask if we need another clean energy program. Second, we have all heard of concerns over the years that ARPA-E wasn’t meeting its intended goal—to fund the kind of technologies that are so inno-vative they would never attract private sector investment—but was instead provided funding to big companies with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.049 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5780 June 27, 2018 
access to market capital, or funding re-search that was already under way in other Federal agencies or in the pri-vate sector. The Science, Space and Technology Committee on which I serve as vice chairman particularly explored these concerns under the Obama administra-tion. I believe there were valid con-cerns that must be addressed for the program to continue. ARPA-E is a program that can have tremendous impact on the development of new energy technologies, but we can’t have another agency playing fa-vorites or handing out grants that dis-tort our energy markets. The bill we will consider today will address these concerns and enable ARPA-E to apply its innovative ap-proach to a more appropriate set of technology challenges within the DOE mission, as the Trump administration sees it. It does not—I repeat, this bill does not—authorize new spending or expand the size of the program. H.R. 5906 will refocus the mission of ARPA-E to mir-ror the full DOE mission and empower the Agency to promote science and technology-driven solutions. My bill will allow the Agency to solve big challenges, like nuclear waste management and cleanup and improv-ing the reliability, resiliency, and secu-rity of the electric grid. The ARPA-E Act also provides im-portant steps to prevent the duplica-tion of research across DEO and to re-quire applicants to indicate they have attempted to find private sector fi-nancing for a particular technology. This is a good-government reform that is vital to ensuring that ARPA-E can’t be abused for crony capitalism purposes in the future. We can’t afford to spend limited taxpayer dollars com-peting with the private sector. H.R. 5906 will align ARPA-E’s innova-tive approach with the right mission goals and management. It will build on the basic science and early-stage re-search of the Department and help fast-track new technologies that will grow our economy. I want to thank Chairman L
AMAR  S
MITH and Ranking Member J OHNSON  for cosponsoring this important legis-lation and for their leadership in advo-cating the reformed Agency functions within the Department of Energy’s missions and goals. I am grateful for the opportunity to work alongside the other members of the committee to craft a bipartisan bill that will im-prove—yes, improve—a DOE research program but that still allows Congress the opportunity to reduce funding for the program as appropriate. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support the bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5906, the ARPA-E Act of 2018. After years of successes and several independent assessments praising ARPA-E’s work, this bill is a welcomed development. It preserves the mission and flexibility of the Agency while ena-bling it to consider funding projects or technologies that can address DOE’s monumental and longstanding chal-lenge of environmental cleanup at the legacy sites of the Manhattan Project. It also includes language from a bi-partisan ARPA-E Reauthorization Act that our committee’s ranking member, Ms. JOHNSON , introduced last year, which would ensure that sensitive busi-ness information collected by the Agency remains protected. This will enable even greater private sector en-gagement in its programs. The ARPA-E projects have attracted more than $2.6 billion in private sector follow-on funding. Mr. Speaker, 71 projects have formed new companies, and 109 have gone on to partner with other government agencies to further their research. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gressman L
UCAS and Chairman S MITH for embracing ARPA-E’s innovative model and joining our Members in sup-porting its reauthorization. I support this bill and encourage my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma, the vice chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology (Mr. L
UCAS ), for yielding me time on his bill. The energy bill we are considering is H.R. 5906, the ARPA-E Act of 2018. It establishes clear DOE policy in a new direction and new requirements for the Advanced Research Projects Agency- Energy, called ARPA-E, program. This legislation updates the mission of ARPA-E to focus on developing tech-nological solutions to energy, eco-nomic, environmental, and national se-curity challenges. This includes allow-ing ARPA-E to develop technologies to address the management, cleanup, and disposal of nuclear waste and to en-hance the security and resilience of the electric grid. H.R. 5906 also maximizes the Depart-ment’s resources. It requires ARPA-E to coordinate with other DOE pro-grams, avoid duplication, and ensures that ARPA-E grants go to innovative technologies that would not otherwise be funded by the private sector. The bill reforms ARPA-E but does not authorize any funding for ARPA-E. Instead, H.R. 5906 provides much-need-ed reform to the ARPA-E program. It also leaves the door open for Congress to readdress ARPA-E funding in the fu-ture and determine if the Agency is meeting its intended purpose. Unfortunately, there have been some mischaracterizations of this legisla-tion, so let the R
ECORD be clear: Sup-porting H.R. 5906 will not prevent Con-gress from cutting—as we did in the House-passed Energy and Water Appro-priations bill earlier this month—or even eliminating funding to ARPA-E in the future. Instead, it allows us to enact reforms today that refocus ARPA-E on technology within the DOE mission. In addition, one organization that op-poses this legislation apparently didn’t read the bill and confused it with an-other bill that reauthorizes ARPA-E. Mr. Speaker, thanks go to Vice Chairman LUCAS and Ranking Member J
OHNSON for their work on this reform bill and for their support of advanced research around the country. Mr. Speaker, I just want to mention one more thing, and it might be of in-terest to all Members, even those who are not on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. After this bill passes, of the 27 bills that the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has brought to the House floor, 24 of the 27 have, in fact, been bipartisan pieces of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, reforming the mission and the goals of ARPA-E will trans-form the Agency to do what the DOE does best: develop innovative tech-nology solutions to complex science, energy, and national security chal-lenges. I again want to thank my nine col-leagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee who cospon-sored H.R. 5906, including Chairman S
MITH and Ranking Member J OHNSON . I want to thank the new leadership staff at ARPA-E and the Department of En-ergy, who provided technical com-ments and policy recommendations as we developed this legislation. I urge the adoption of this bipartisan, good-government legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I am very pleased to sup-port H.R. 5906, the ARPA-E Act of 2018. Even though the agency is still relatively young, ARPA-E has already demonstrated in-credible success in advancing high-risk, high- reward energy technology solutions that nei-ther the public nor the private sector had been willing or able to support in the past. This was highlighted in a Congressionally mandated Na-tional Academies review of the agency re-leased last year. Industry leaders like Norm Augustine and Bill Gates have repeatedly called for tripling this agency’s budget given the unique role that it is now playing in our en-ergy innovation pipeline. ARPA-E’s impressive track record includes over $2.6 billion in private sector follow-on funding for a group of 136 ARPA-E projects since the agency’s founding in 2009. Equally notable, 71 projects have formed new compa-nies and 109 projects have shown enough promise to result in partnerships with other government agencies for further development. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.051 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5781 June 27, 2018 
And I’d be remiss if I didn’t refer my col-leagues to DOE Secretary Perry’s address to the ARPA-E Energy Innovation Summit in March, where he said, and I quote, ‘‘ARPA-E is one of the reasons DOE has had and is having such a profound impact on American lives.’’ I couldn’t have said this better myself. The ARPA-E Act of 2018 maintains the structure and nimbleness of this critical agen-cy while also enabling it to help tackle one of the Department of Energy’s most expensive, intransigent problems, which is managing and remediating the legacy waste sites from our nation’s past production of nuclear weapons. The bill also includes language from the bipar-tisan ARPA-E Reauthorization Act that I intro-duced last year which would ensure that sen-sitive business information collected by the agency remains protected. This will enable even greater private sector engagement in fu-ture ARPA-E projects and programs. I would like to thank Mr. L
UCAS and Chair-man S
MITH for working with me to introduce this bill, and I hope that all Members will sup-port this critical investment in our nation’s clean energy future. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5906, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1500 NATIONAL INNOVATION MOD-ERNIZATION BY LABORATORY EMPOWERMENT ACT Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5907) to provide directors of the National Laboratories signature authority for certain agreements, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5907 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National In-novation Modernization by Laboratory Em-powerment Act’’ or the ‘‘NIMBLE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Energy. (2) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Laboratory’’ means a Department of Energy nonmilitary national laboratory, in-cluding— (A) Ames Laboratory; (B) Argonne National Laboratory; (C) Brookhaven National Laboratory; (D) Fermi National Accelerator Labora-tory; (E) Idaho National Laboratory; (F) Lawrence Berkeley National Labora-tory; (G) National Energy Technology Labora-tory; (H) National Renewable Energy Labora-tory; (I) Oak Ridge National Laboratory; (J) Pacific Northwest National Laboratory; (K) Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory; (L) Savannah River National Laboratory; (M) Stanford Linear Accelerator Center; (N) Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility; and (O) any laboratory operated by the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, but only with respect to the civilian energy ac-tivities thereof. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. 
SEC. 3. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS FOR COMMERCIALIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary shall delegate to direc-tors of the National Laboratories signature authority with respect to any agreement de-scribed in subsection (b) the total cost of which (including the National Laboratory contributions and project recipient cost share) is less than $1,000,000, if such an agree-ment falls within the scope of— (1) a strategic plan for the National Lab-oratory that has been approved by the De-partment; or (2) the most recent congressionally ap-proved budget for Department activities to be carried out by the National Laboratory. (b) A
GREEMENTS .—Subsection (a) applies to— (1) a cooperative research and development agreement; (2) a non-Federal work-for-others agree-ment; and (3) any other agreement determined to be appropriate by the Secretary, in collabora-tion with the directors of the National Lab-oratories. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—The director of the affected National Laboratory and the af-fected contractor shall carry out an agree-ment under this section in accordance with applicable policies of the Department, in-cluding by ensuring that the agreement does not compromise any national security, eco-nomic, or environmental interest of the United States. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The director of the af-fected National Laboratory and the affected contractor shall certify that each activity carried out under a project for which an agreement is entered into under this section does not present, or minimizes, any apparent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this section. (3) A
VAILABILITY OF RECORDS .—Within 30 days of entering an agreement under this section, the director of a National Labora-tory shall submit to the Secretary for moni-toring and review all records of the National Laboratory relating to the agreement. (4) R
ATES .—The director of a National Lab-oratory may charge higher rates for services performed under a partnership agreement en-tered into pursuant to this section, regard-less of the full cost of recovery, if such funds are used exclusively to support further re-search and development activities at the re-spective National Laboratory. (d) E
XCEPTION .—This section does not apply to any agreement with a majority for-eign-owned company. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innova-tion Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting the subparagraphs appro-priately; (B) by striking ‘‘Each Federal agency’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each Federal agency’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), in accordance with section 3(a) of the NIMBLE Act, approval by the Secretary of Energy shall not be required for any tech-nology transfer agreement proposed to be en-tered into by a National Laboratory of the Department of Energy, the total cost of which (including the National Laboratory contributions and project recipient cost share) is less than $1,000,000.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a)(1)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)’’. 
SEC. 4. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this Act or an amendment made by this Act abrogates or otherwise af-fects the primary responsibilities of any Na-tional Laboratory to the Department. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of bipartisan legislation I introduced with my good friend from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) to give our national labs the tools they need to better work with outside entities, develop new technologies, and let new business ideas come out of our world-leading re-search facilities. As you have heard today with the prior bills passed on the floor, the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee has done tremendous bipar-tisan work to support our national lab-oratories and research infrastructure. I thank Chairman S
MITH and Rank-ing Member J
OHNSON —both from Texas—for their bipartisan work on this package, and I was pleased to see my prior past research infrastructure legislation dealing with upgrades at Fermilab, Argonne National Labora-tory, and Oak Ridge National Labora-tory included in that package. Our national labs are often referred to as the crown jewels in our research ecosystem here in the United States. Secretary Perry has referred to them as national treasures. These labs house some of the largest, most complicated research equipment in the world, which no one business or research university would ever be able to support. Our national labs also maintain a number of user facilities where univer-sity researchers, other Federal agen-cies, and the private sector can work with these tools, so long as this work does not interfere with the mission of the department or the lab. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.016 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5782 June 27, 2018 
The problem we have with many agreements is simply the time that it takes to negotiate and finalize an agreement. Currently, after a lab makes a determination on an agree-ment, that agreement must then go through a separate review by the de-partment. While I wholeheartedly agree in our need for thorough over-sight, what we are attempting to do is to set a threshold so that smaller agreements do not need to go through this additional review process. All national labs, except one, have been set up under a government-owned, contractor-operated model. What my bill would do is strengthen this ar-rangement by giving the labs the nec-essary trust they need to remain nim-ble, being able to react to the needs of the private sector and with other re-searchers being able to come in. When many researchers need to use a facility for just a few hours, they, obvi-ously, will not wait around 90 days for the government. The private sector does not move at the pace of govern-ment, nor should we expect it to. This legislation would cut out some of the red tape of working with the lab, so that the private sector could take good ideas and do what they do best: inno-vate and react to the market. With the increased reporting require-ments for these agreements, I believe this strikes the proper balance for oversight with the department and the intentions of Congress in creating the government-owned, contractor-oper-ated model for the labs. I am grateful for the Secretary at our recent hearing signaling his willing-ness to work with this idea. I believe it fits with the administration’s prior-ities in removing red tape where it is not needed and freeing the private sec-tor up to innovate and bring new ideas to the marketplace. So I thank my colleagues for their work on this legislation. I also thank the chairman for his cosponsorship of this bill, as well as his leadership on the package of bills authorizing the Of-fice of Science and other DOE activi-ties. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support passage of this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5907, the National Innovation Modernization by Laboratory Em-powerment Act. This bill would provide our national laboratories with the authority to di-rectly enter into certain research agreements with the private sector, as long as those activities align with the laboratories’ strategic plans approved by the Department of Energy. This bill also includes appropriate safeguards to prevent waste, fraud, or abuse of this provision. This language previously passed the House as part of bipartisan legislation that we considered in the last Con-gress. I am happy to see this important policy change is moving forward once again. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill. I en-courage my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to yield 5 min-utes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the very effective and helpful chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and also co-sponsor of this legislation. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
ULTGREN for yielding me time on his bill, H.R. 5907, the National Innovation Modernization by Labora-tory Empowerment Act, or NIMBLE Act. This legislation authorizes the Sec-retary of Energy to provide signature authority to the directors of the na-tional laboratories, allowing these lab directors to make funding decisions on cooperative agreements with industry where the total cost is less than $1 mil-lion. This commonsense reform provides the labs with more flexibility and eliminates the red tape and bureau-cratic process that makes it difficult for businesses to partner with the labs. DOE national labs can provide the private sector with access to critical research infrastructure as they develop new technologies. But a burdensome approval process can smother an indus-try’s interest and constrict the pace of technology development. This bill gives the labs freedom to pursue agree-ments that will increase U.S. competi-tiveness and maintain our innovation and productivity leadership. I thank Representative R
ANDY  H
ULTGREN again and this bill’s 10 Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee’s cosponsors, including Rep-resentative E
DPERLMUTTER , Vice Chairman F
RANK LUCAS , Energy Sub-committee Chairman R
ANDY WEBER , and Energy Subcommittee Vice Chair-man Steve Knight for their ongoing support of DOE’s world-leading na-tional laboratories. Mr. Speaker, I want to say about Mr. H
ULTGREN that his leadership on the committee has been appreciated for years. He has never failed to be an ef-fective advocate and leader for the na-tional labs. This is a good example of his interests being put into legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank my good friend from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) for his support on this bill. I especially want to thank my really good friend from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, for his important support on this bill. It really is a commonsense bill. It is one that has passed previous Congresses with strong, bipartisan sup-port. Our labs are a treasure, but they are also a great benefit for innovation. This allows that innovation to con-tinue working, again, on smaller agree-ments, for those to be able to move more quickly, when, oftentimes, busi-ness need to move that quickly. The labs can do this, but if they had to go through the whole cumbersome process of coming through Washington, they wouldn’t be able to. So, again, this is commonsense and bipartisan, and I thank all of the co-sponsors. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5907. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT CONFEREES ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2019 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses, with the Senate amendment thereto, disagree to the Senate amend-ment, and request a conference with the Senate thereon. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to instruct conferees at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Carbajal moves that the managers on the part of the House at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 5515 be instructed to agree to section 703 of the Senate bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 7 of rule XXII, the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.055 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5783 June 27, 2018 
have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks on the motion to instruct. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this motion would bring TRICARE contraception on par with the Affordable Care Act by prohibiting cost sharing for any method of contra-ception provided in the TRICARE re-tail pharmacy network or mail order. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s service-members should be provided the same access to preventive healthcare as those insured under the Affordable Care Act. Currently, TRICARE beneficiaries, including non-Active servicemembers and their dependents, and certain Ac-tive military members, do not have the same access to cost-free preventive care as civilians do. By requiring coverage for contracep-tives with no out-of-pocket costs, the ACA increases women’s access to con-traceptives and saves women $255 per year, on average. This is a benefit we currently deny our female servicemem-bers. One-third of our U.S. military are women. Currently, about 15 percent of Active Duty servicemembers and 19 percent of the Reserve forces are com-prised of women. Women are bravely serving in all parts of the military, including infan-try and other combat units. Service-women are continuing to break bar-riers across the military, proving again and again that they are indispensable when it comes to defending this Na-tion. Unfortunately, this House continues to refuse these brave servicemembers access to the same healthcare that all civilian females have access to. Preventive healthcare services, in-cluding contraception, should be pro-vided to all TRICARE beneficiaries without any copays. Access to preven-tive healthcare is vital for the health and quality of life of all women serving this Nation, but it is also critical to the readiness of our military. In 2008, researchers found that the rate of unintended pregnancy was roughly 50 percent higher among serv-icemembers compared to the general population. This problem is made worse by the fact that it is often dif-ficult for female servicemembers to ac-cess this preventive medication in the field. Another recent study found that, among servicemembers who use contra-ceptives, only 24 percent brought enough medication to last their entire deployment. Forty-one percent of those needing refills found them difficult to obtain while deployed on Active Duty. We should not make it more difficult for these women to access contracep-tion by asking them to pay for medica-tion that the civilian population al-ready receives at no cost. We are doing an absolute disservice to those who are willing to sacrifice their lives to defend our Nation every day by denying them preventive healthcare that is critical to treat certain health conditions and for family planning. The Senate has included this TRICARE provision in their bill for the past 2 years because they understand this issue goes beyond political parties and personal views. This is about the health and well-being of those who are sacrificing their lives every day to de-fend our Nation. This is about pro-viding the resources and delivering policies to the military that will in-crease readiness. This motion would provide all serv-icemembers access to preventive healthcare, which they not only de-serve, but are entitled to, and I would say earned. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, today, to put politics aside and follow in the Senate’s footsteps and support this motion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1515 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from California has just laid out a number of arguments in support of a Senate pro-vision. There are obviously Members who may think differently on his argu-ments, although I do not believe this is the time or the place to have that de-bate. That will be discussed in the course of the upcoming conference with the Senate. At this point, I would just like to offer two thoughts. One is the provi-sion that the gentleman talks about re-quires that there be a mandatory spending offset. Now, when you look for how that spending can be offset, really, the Armed Services Committee only has two ways: one is to increase TRICARE copays, pharmacy copays, and the second one is to reduce retire-ment benefits. So I notice that the gen-tleman’s motion to instruct does not deal with that part of the equation. My thought is that it is far better to look at the whole universe of issues in the course of a conference rather than to try to dictate one outcome or an-other that doesn’t include how you pay for something. Second point, Mr. Speaker, there are 907 House provisions and 603 Senate provisions that will be the subject of this conference. They will all have to be hashed out in one way or another, but the conferees should have the flexi-bility to deal with all of those 907 and 603 provisions in a way that makes the most sense for national security. So my suggestion is that the House reject this particular motion and allow the conferees to do their work in look-ing at the whole universe of what is best for the men and women who serve and what is best for the country’s na-tional security. Mr. Speaker, I would inform the gen-tleman that I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate those com-ments from my good friend and chair-man of the Armed Services Committee, but the fact of the matter is that, for 2 years, we have not been able, in con-ference, to address this very important issue. There is always one excuse or a barrier raised at one time or another. And, in fact, what ends up resulting is our servicewomen, who are putting their lives on the line for our country, are being treated as second-class citi-zens. They are not afforded the same equality as their male counterparts and those in the civilian world. Mr. Speaker, what this motion does is simply achieve parity with pre-vailing law. I want to point out that TRICARE beneficiaries want this par-ity, and it is time we finally deliver. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this motion. Let us finally pro-vide all servicemembers with the same access to preventive healthcare that we all have access to. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume just to say that there are a num-ber of provisions which Members on one side or the other consider inequi-table, and a big part of the challenge we face is, okay, to enact a particular provision, you have to pay for it. So my point is we need to look at the whole universe not only of what we would like to have done, but also of how it would be paid for. Mr. Speaker, I have no further re-quests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to instruct. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to instruct conferees will be followed by a 5- minute vote on the motion to close conference. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 188, nays 231, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 300] YEAS—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.058 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5784 June 27, 2018 
Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—8 
Black Cramer Crowley Gosar Rush Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
b1547 Messrs. DUNCAN of South Carolina, POSEY, L
AMALFA, GAETZ, LONG, YOUNG of Alaska, and LOUDERMILK changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. ADAMS, Messrs. LARSON of Connecticut and HASTINGS, and Ms. M
CCOLLUM changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to instruct conferees was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOTION TO PERMIT CLOSED CON-FERENCE MEETINGS ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 12 of rule XXII, I move that meetings of the conference between the House and Senate on H.R. 5515 may be closed to the public at such times as classified national security in-formation may be discussed, provided that any sitting Member of Congress shall be entitled to attend any meeting of the conference. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12 of rule XXII, the mo-tion is not debatable, and the yeas and nays are ordered. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 403, nays 15, not voting 9, as follows: [Roll No. 301] YEAS—403 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.017 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5785 June 27, 2018 
Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—15 
Amash Blumenauer DeFazio Ellison Jayapal Jones Lee Lowenthal Massie McGovern Moore Pocan Polis Tonko Watson Coleman 
NOT VOTING—9 
Black Cramer Crowley Gosar Rush Smith (TX) Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
b1555 So the motion to close portions of the conference was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 961 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6157. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b1556 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on June 26, 2018, amendment No. 24 printed in part A of House Report 115–783 offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. BROWN ) had been disposed of. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 115– 783 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 9 by Mr. L
ANGEVIN of Rhode Island, and Amendment No. 20 by Mr. P
OEof Texas. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 188, noes 228, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 302] AYES—188 
Abraham Allen Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Budd Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Cheney Cicilline Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro Demings DeSantis Dingell Donovan Duffy Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Fitzpatrick Flores Foster Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hartzler Hastings Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hunter Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen King (NY) Knight Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Love Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant McCaul McEachin McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Quigley Richmond Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rothfus Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Tenney Thornberry Torres Turner Veasey Vela Wagner Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoho Zeldin NOES—228 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Amodei Arrington Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beyer Biggs Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Connolly Cooper Crawford Crist Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meng Moolenaar Moore Mullin Nadler Noem Norman Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Palmer Payne Pearce Perry Pittenger Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Rutherford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smucker Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Trott Upton Valadao Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walker Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.018 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5786 June 27, 2018 
NOT VOTING—11 
Black Cramer Crowley Curtis Issa Labrador Rush Smith (TX) Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
b1602 Mses. ADAMS, KAPTUR, and Mr. LEVIN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. PAULSEN and LANCE changed their vote form ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 175, noes 241, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 303] AYES—175 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Crawford Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Foxx Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Hartzler Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lesko Lewis (MN) Lofgren Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Massie Mast McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Nolan Norman O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sherman Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Tipton Tonko Trott Upton Vargas Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin NOES—241 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Cuellar Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Granger Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Murphy (FL) Neal Noem Norcross Nunes O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thornberry Titus Torres Turner Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) NOT VOTING—11 
Black Cooper Cramer Crowley Issa Labrador Rush Smith (TX) Thompson (MS) Tsongas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1608 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 6157) making appro-priations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
AMERICAN INNOVATION $1 COIN ACT Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 770) to require the Secretary of the Treas-ury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innovation and pioneering efforts of in-dividuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, to pro-mote the importance of innovation in the United States, the District of Co-lumbia, and the United States terri-tories, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to con-cur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Beginning on page 6, strike line 8 and all that follows through page 8, line 5, and insert the following: ‘‘(A) O
RDER OF ISSUANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The coins issued under this subsection commemorating either an innovation, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each State, the District of Co-lumbia, or a territory shall be issued in the fol-lowing order: ‘‘(I) S
TATE.—With respect to each State, the coins shall be issued in the order in which the States ratified the Constitution of the United States or were admitted into the Union, as the case may be. ‘‘(II) D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND TERRI -
TORIES .—After all coins are issued under sub-clause (I), the coins shall be issued for the Dis-trict of Columbia and the territories in the fol-lowing order: the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION IN EVENT OF THE ADMISSION  
OF ADDITIONAL STATES .—Notwithstanding clause (i), if any additional State is admitted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.019 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5787 June 27, 2018 
into the Union before the end of the 14-year pe-riod referred to in paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Treasury may issue a $1 coin with respect to the additional State in accordance with clause (i)(I). ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION IN THE EVENT OF INDEPEND -
ENCE OR ADDING OF A TERRITORY .—Notwith- standing clause (i)— ‘‘(I) if any territory becomes independent or otherwise ceases to be a territory of the United States before $1 coins are minted pursuant to this subsection, the subsection shall cease to apply with respect to such territory; and ‘‘(II) if any new territory is added to the United States, $1 coins shall be issued for such territories in the order in which the new the ter-ritories are added, beginning after the $1 coin is issued for the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. ‘‘(B) I
SSUANCE OF COINS COMMEMORATING  
FOUR INNOVATIONS OR INNOVATORS DURING EACH  
OF 14 YEARS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Four $1 coin designs as de-scribed in this subsection shall be issued during each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1) until 1 coin featuring 1 innovation, an indi-vidual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each of the States, the District of Columbia, and territories has been issued. ‘‘(ii) N
UMBER OF COINS OF EACH DESIGN .—The Secretary shall prescribe, on the basis of such factors as the Secretary determines to be appro-priate, the number of $1 coins that shall be issued with each of the designs selected for each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1). 
Mr. HENSARLING (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NORTH KOREAN HUMAN RIGHTS REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2061) to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘North Korean Human Rights Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) In 2014, the United Nations Commission of Inquiry (COI) on Human Rights in the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) found that the grave human rights violations still being perpetrated against the people of North Korea, due to policies established at the highest level of the state, amount to crimes against hu-manity. Crimes include forced starvation, sexual violence against women and children, restric-tions on freedom of movement, arbitrary deten-tion, torture, executions, and enforced dis-appearances, among other hardships. (2) The COI also noted that the Government of the People’s Republic of China is aiding and abetting in crimes against humanity by forcibly repatriating North Korean refugees back to the DPRK. Upon repatriation, North Koreans are sent to prison camps, tortured, or even executed. The Government of the People’s Republic of China’s forcible repatriation of North Korean refugees violates its obligation to uphold the principle of non-refoulement, under the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, done at Geneva July 28, 1951 (as made applicable by the Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, done at New York January 31, 1967 (19 UST 6223)). (3) Estimates from the COI suggest that be-tween 80,000 and 120,000 people are believed to be imprisoned in political prison camps in North Korea. Another 70,000 are believed to be held at other detention facilities. Prisoners in both situ-ations are subject to harsh conditions, limited food, sexual abuse, and in most cases hard labor. (4) One of the findings of the COI report was the persecution of religious minorities, especially Christians. There is effectively no freedom of re-ligion in North Korea, only worship of the Kim family. Christians are subjected to particularly acute persecution. It has been reported that Christians in North Korea have been tortured, forcibly detained, and even executed for pos-sessing a Bible or professing Christianity. (5) North Korea profits from its human rights abuses. A 2014 report from the Asian Institute for Policy Studies suggests that there are nearly 50,000 North Korean workers forced to labor overseas, sometimes without compensation, and for as much as 20 hours at a time. Workers that received compensation were not to be paid more than $150 per month, which is between 10 to 20 percent of the value of the labor they performed. Based on this report, the regime may profit as much as $360,000,000 annually from just 50,000 laborers. (6) On July 6, 2016, the United States imposed sanctions on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and other senior North Korean officials for human rights violations as required by the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122). This was the first time that the United States had designated North Korean officials for human rights abuses. (7) The North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122) re-quires the President to impose mandatory pen-alties under United States law on any person that ‘‘knowingly engages in, is responsible for, or facilitates serious human rights abuses by the Government of North Korea’’. (8) Although the United States Refugee Ad-missions Program remains the largest in the world by far, the United States has only reset-tled 212 refugees from North Korea since the date of the enactment of the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–333). SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States Government should con-tinue to make it a priority to improve informa-tion access in North Korea by exploring the use of new and emerging technologies and expand-ing nongovernmental radio broadcasting to North Korea, including news and information; (2) the United Nations has a significant role to play in promoting and improving human rights in North Korea and should press for ac-cess for the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in North Korea as well as the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights; (3) because North Koreans fleeing into China face a well-founded fear of persecution upon their forcible repatriation, the United States should urge China to— (A) immediately halt the forcible repatriation of North Koreans; (B) allow the United Nations High Commis-sioner for Refugees unimpeded access to North Koreans inside China to determine whether such North Koreans require protection as refugees; (C) fulfill its obligations under the 1951 United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Sta-tus of Refugees, and the Agreement on the Up-grading of the UNHCR Mission in the People’s Republic of China to UNHCR Branch Office in the People’s Republic of China (signed Decem-ber 1, 1995); (D) address the concerns of the United Na-tions Committee against Torture by incor-porating the principle of non-refoulement into Chinese domestic legislation; and (E) recognize the legal status of North Korean women who marry or have children with Chi-nese citizens, and ensure that all such children are granted resident status and access to edu-cation and other public services in accordance with Chinese law and international standards; (4) the President should continue to designate all individuals found to have committed viola-tions described in section 104(a) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2914(a)), regarding complicity in censorship and human right abuses; (5) the United States currently blocks United States passports from being used to travel to North Korea without a special validation from the Department of State, and the Department of State should continue to take steps to increase public awareness about the risks and dangers of travel by United States citizens to North Korea; (6) the United States should continue to seek cooperation from all foreign governments to allow the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) access to process North Ko-rean refugees overseas for resettlement and to allow United States officials access to process refugees for resettlement in the United States (if that is the destination country of the refugees’ choosing); and (7) the Secretary of State, through diplomacy by senior officials, including United States am-bassadors to Asia-Pacific countries, and in close cooperation with South Korea, should make every effort to promote the protection of North Korean refugees and defectors. SEC. 4. RADIO BROADCASTING TO NORTH KOREA. 
Section 103(a) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7813(a)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘that the United States should facilitate’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘that the United States should— ‘‘(1) facilitate’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as redesignated by para-graph (1) of this section— (A) by striking ‘‘radio broadcasting’’ and in-serting ‘‘broadcasting, including news rebroad-casting,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘increase broadcasts’’ and in-serting ‘‘increase such broadcasts, including news rebroadcasts,’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Voice of America.’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘Voice of America; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) expand funding for nongovernmental or-ganization broadcasting efforts, prioritizing or-ganizations that engage North Korean defectors in programming and broadcast services.’’. 
SEC. 5. ACTIONS TO PROMOTE FREEDOM OF IN-FORMATION. 
Section 104(a) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7814(a)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘The President’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, USB drives, micro SD cards, audio players, video players, cell phones, wi-fi, wireless internet, web pages, internet, wireless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.021 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5788 June 27, 2018 
telecommunications, and other electronic media that shares information’’ before the period at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ISTRIBUTION .—In accordance with the sense of Congress described in section 103, the President, acting through the Secretary of State, is authorized to distribute or provide grants to distribute information receiving devices, elec-tronically readable devices, and other informa-tional sources into North Korea, including de-vices and informational sources specified in paragraph (1). To carry out this paragraph, the President is authorized to issue regulations to facilitate the free-flow of information into North Korea. ‘‘(3) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—In accordance with the authorization described in paragraphs (1) and (2) to increase the availability and distribution of sources of information inside North Korea, the President, acting through the Secretary of State, is author-ized to establish a grant program to make grants to eligible entities to develop or distribute (or both) new products or methods to allow North Koreans easier access to outside information. Such program may involve public-private part-nerships. ‘‘(4) C
ULTURE .—In accordance with the sense of Congress described in section 103, the Broad-casting Board of Governors may broadcast American, Korean, Chinese, and other popular music, television, movies, and popular cultural references as part of its programming. ‘‘(5) R
IGHTS AND LAWS .—In accordance with the sense of Congress described in section 103, the Broadcasting Board of Governors should broadcast to North Korea in the Korean lan-guage information on rights, laws, and freedoms afforded through the North Korean Constitu-tion, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Commission of In-quiry on Human Rights in the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, and any other applica-ble treaties or international agreements to which North Korea is bound. ‘‘(6) R
ELIGIOUS MINORITIES .—Efforts to im-prove information access under this subsection should include religious communities and should be coordinated with the Office of International Religious Freedom to ensure maximum impact in improving the rights of religious persons in North Korea. ‘‘(7) B
ROADCASTING REPORT .—Not later than— ‘‘(A) 180 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Broadcasting Board of Governors, shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that sets forth a detailed plan for improving broadcasting con-tent for the purpose of targeting new audiences and increasing listenership; and ‘‘(B) 1 year after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and annually thereafter for each of the next 5 years, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Broadcasting Board of Governors, shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report including— ‘‘(i) a description of the effectiveness of ac-tions taken pursuant to this section, including data reflecting audience and listenership, device distribution and usage, and technological devel-opment and advancement usage; ‘‘(ii) the amount of funds expended by the United States Government pursuant to section 403; and ‘‘(iii) other appropriate information necessary to fully inform Congress of efforts related to this section.’’. 
SEC. 6. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON HUMANITARIAN COORDINATION RELATED TO THE KOREAN PENINSULA. 
Title III of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7841 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 306. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON HUMANI-TARIAN COORDINATION RELATED TO THE KOREAN PENINSULA. 
‘‘It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) any instability on the Korean Peninsula could have significant humanitarian and stra-tegic impact on the region and for United States national interests; and ‘‘(2) as such, the United States Government should work with countries sharing a land or maritime border with North Korea to develop long-term whole-of-government plans to coordi-nate efforts related to humanitarian assistance and human rights promotion and to effectively assimilate North Korean defectors.’’. SEC. 7. REAUTHORIZATION PROVISIONS. 
(a) S UPPORT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS AND DEMOC -
RACY PROGRAMS .—Section 102 of the North Ko-rean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7812(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The President is also authorized to provide grants to entities to undertake research on North Korea’s denial of human rights, in-cluding on the political and military chains of command responsible for authorizing and imple-menting systemic human rights abuses, includ-ing at prison camps and detention facilities where political prisoners are held.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (b) A
CTIONS TOPROMOTE FREEDOM OF INFOR -
MATION .—Section 104 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7814) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (c) R
EPORT BY SPECIAL ENVOY ON NORTH KO-
REAN HUMAN RIGHTS ISSUES .—Section 107(d) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7817(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (d) R
EPORT ON UNITED STATES HUMANITARIAN  A
SSISTANCE .—Section 201 of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7831 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(b) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .—The report shall in-clude a needs assessment to inform the distribu-tion of humanitarian assistance inside North Korea.’’. (e) A
SSISTANCE PROVIDED OUTSIDE OF NORTH  K
OREA .—Section 203(c)(1) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7833(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (f) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Section 305(a) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7845(a)) is amended, in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘2022’’. 
SEC. 8. REPORT BY BROADCASTING BOARD OF GOVERNORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Broadcasting Board of Governors shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— (1) describes the status of current United States broadcasting to North Korea and the ex-tent to which the Board has achieved the goal of 12-hour-per-day broadcasting to North Korea, in accordance with section 103(a) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 (22 U.S.C. 7813(a)); and (2) includes a strategy to overcome obstacles to such communication with the North Korean people, including through unrestricted, unmonitored, and inexpensive electronic means. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 9. REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE AUTHORIZA-TIONS. 
Section 403 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–122; 22 U.S.C. 9253) is hereby repealed. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the Chair appoints the fol-lowing conferees on H.R. 5515: From the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. T
HORNBERRY , WILSON of South Carolina, L
OBIONDO , BISHOP of Utah, T
URNER , ROGERS of Alabama, S HUSTER , C
ONAWAY , LAMBORN , W ITTMAN , COFF-
MAN, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Messrs. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, C OOK, BYRNE , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Messrs. B ACON , BANKS of In-diana, S
MITH of Washington, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Messrs. L ANGEVIN , C
OOPER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. From Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.022 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5789 June 27, 2018 
XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. L
ATTA , JOHNSON of Ohio, and P
ALLONE . From the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. H
ENSARLING , B ARR, and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California. From the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. R
OYCE of California, K INZINGER , and E
NGEL . There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will announce the appointment of additional conferees at a subsequent time. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 964 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6157. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) kindly resume the chair. b1614 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today pursuant to House Resolution 961, amendment No. 20 printed in House Re-port 115–783 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) had been disposed of. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, no further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 155–785 and available pro forma amendments de-scribed in section 3 of House Resolu-tion 961. Each further amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment except amendments described in section 3 of House Resolution 961, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wyo-ming (Ms. CHENEY ) for the purpose of engaging in a colloquy. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Chairman, during the previous administration, deep fund-ing cuts as well as budget dysfunction in Congress have allowed a real atro-phying of our military readiness in the Department of Defense. We have seen a steep decline in our capabilities while at the same time our adversaries have been making advances and increasing their ability to threaten us. We now face a situation, particularly with nations like China and Russia, where they are developing capabilities that we may not be able to defend against. Countering this threat requires fund-ing for the space-based missile defense tracking system in line 117 of the de-fense-wide RDTE account, funding that was authorized but not included in the appropriations bill. This capability is absolutely critical to improving our missile defense capa-bilities, particularly to address the rapidly increasing threat from hypersonic weapons, which our com-mittee has placed particular focus on this year with broad bipartisan sup-port. Additionally, Mr. Chairman, funding was not included in line 92 of the de-fense-wide RDTE account to continue critical development of laser scaling technologies for boost-phase ICBM mis-sile defense. This technology has the potential that we need and that is cru-cial to give our warfighters the capa-bility to shoot down missiles while they are still in a boost phase, making our adversaries have to think twice, understanding that missiles they fire at us could be destroyed over their own soil. Mr. Chairman, funding for both of these capabilities is included in both the House and Senate version of the NDAA. I have offered amendments, Mr. Chairman, to provide funding for these capabilities consistent with the NDAA and the Missile Defense Agency’s re-vised budget request for fiscal year 2019. In an effort to allay concerns about finding offsets for these, I am willing to withdraw my amendments, and I would ask Chairwoman G
RANGER  for a commitment to fully support the capabilities during the conference process on the appropriations bill in the Senate. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, I thank the gentle-woman from Wyoming for her support of our missile defense programs. I agree with her support for these capabilities. I fully commit to working with her during the conference process to ensure both the missile defense tracking sys-tem and the laser scaling technologies for boost-phase ICBM missile defense are funded in the conference report. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman’s willingness to work with me on this important issue, as well as her tireless work on this critical bill. I will not be offering my amendments. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B ARTON ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–785. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to terminate a Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps program at— (1) a Historically Black College or Univer-sity (which has the meaning given the term ‘‘part B institution’’ in section 322 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1061)); (2) a Hispanic-serving institution (as de-fined in section 502 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1101a)); or (3) a Tribal College or University (as de-fined in section 316 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1059c)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, my amendment indicates that no funding in this act shall be used or otherwise made available by this act to end Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps, ROTC, programs at HBCUs, Hispanic-Serving Institutions, and Tribal Colleges and Universities. I want to emphasize this program be-cause so many of us have these colleges in our congressional districts. Those ROTC programs provide training to college students to prepare them for fu-ture service in the branches in the U.S. military, the Army, Air Force, and Navy. Coming from the State of Texas, I can assure you, Mr. Chairman, with my interaction with so many in the United States military, those who have said that it is a pathway to leadership and success, I know how important these programs are. The Army ROTC alone provides $274 million in scholarship money to more than 13,000 students. It is interesting to take note of the fact, as it relates to African Americans and Hispanics, the leadership that has come from these programs: Andrew P. Chambers, lieu-tenant general, retired; George A. Alexander; Colonel Claude A. Burnett; Colonel Derrick W. Flowers; Colonel Senodja Sundiata-Walker, currently serving as the chief of program support branch. These are all individuals who have been the beneficiaries of ROTC pro-grams at HBCUs, Hispanic-Serving In-stitutions, and Tribal Colleges and Uni-versities. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.070 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5790 June 27, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, while I will not oppose the amendment, I will urge caution about proposals that limit the department’s flexibility to adapt to changes in its need in the ROTC pro-gram. I am prepared to accept the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for her remarks and concern. I believe that the military has great interest in the ROTC pro-gram and particularly in recruitment in HBCUs and Hispanic-Serving Insti-tutions. Let me also say, however, Mr. Chair-man, I want to rise to emphasize my commitment to PTSD funding. I want to ensure as we go forward that we will increase the PTSD funding. I am inter-ested in it being increased in particular by $5 million, but I know there are other amendments that would increase it even more. If we know the suffering from those who have PTSD as I have, this is some-thing that I have worked for, fought for, and advocated for. The reason, Mr. Chairman, is I see it every day. My amendment would focus on the needs of those who want to live a nor-mal life with post-traumatic stress dis-order. Our soldiers are still coming back from places like Syria. We know they have come back from Afghanistan and Iraq, but they are still fighting there. And PTSD, recently diagnosed in these wars, to give these people the ability to be with their family, to be able to have positions because the treatment is there, to regain their life because what they have seen from the bloodshed of IEDs and the tragedies of war warrant this support of post-trau-matic stress disorder funding. So I want to make note of that on the R
ECORD , of my support and the sup-port for the increase. I close by saying I ask for those in support of the Jack-son Lee amendment dealing with the ROTC, HBCUs, Hispanic-Serving and Tribal Institutions. It is a valuable program and a valuable use for that program to recruit more people from those communities. Mr. Chairman, I ask support for the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chair, I thank the Chair and Ranking Member of the Rules Committee for making this Jackson Lee Amendment in order for con-sideration of ‘‘H.R. 6157, the Defense Appro-priations Act for Fiscal Year 2019.’’ I also thank Chair K
AYGRANGER and Rank-ing Member P
ETER J. V ISCLOSKY for their work in bring the Defense Appropriations bill before the House for consideration. This Jackson Lee Amendment is No. 1 on the Second Rule for H.R. 6157 and provides that no funding in this Act shall be used or otherwise made available by this Act to end Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC) pro-grams at HBCUs, Hispanic Serving Institutions and Tribal Colleges and Universities. ROTC provides training to college students to prepare them for future service in branches of the U.S. military: the Army, Air Force, and Navy. The Army, Navy, and Air Force ROTC pro-grams are annual scholarship awards, which combined, are the nation’s largest scholarship grantors. The Army ROTC alone provides $274 mil-lion in scholarship money to more than 13,000 students each year, according to the U.S. Army Cadet Command. Nationally about 12,000 high school seniors compete for about 2,000 Army ROTC scholar-ships. About half of these are three-year scholar-ships, and the other half are four-year scholar-ships Once students reach college, they can ex-plore specific military branches by enrolling in ROTC programs provided by the Army, Navy, or Air Force. ROTC programs train future officers to serve in the U.S. Armed Forces. To students who qualify, the ROTC pro-grams offer scholarships that cover the cost of their education. In exchange, students make a commitment to maintain academic excellence and later to fulfill active duty services in their chosen branch of the Armed Forces. ROTC programs reward academic excel-lence to students attending HBCUs, Hispanic Servicing Institutions, and Tribal Colleges by providing a path to military service. I ask my Colleagues in the House to sup-port this Jackson Lee Amendment to the De-fense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019. LIST OF HBCU SWITHNAVYROTC P ROGRAMS  Clark Atlanta University (Georgia) Dillard University (Louisiana) Florida A&M University Hampton University (Virginia) Howard University (Washington DC) Huston-Tillotson University (Texas) Morehouse College (Georgia) Norfolk State University (North Carolina) Prairie View A&M University (Texas) Savannah State University (Georgia) Southern University and A&M College (Louisiana) Spelman College (Georgia) Tennessee State University Tuskegee University (Alabama) Xavier University (Louisiana) H
ISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND  U
NIVERSITIES (HBCU S) WITHARMYROTC Alabama A&M University Alcorn State University Bowie State University Central State University Elizabeth City State University Florida A&M University Fort Valley State University Grambling State University Hampton University Howard University Jackson State University Lincoln University (Pennsylvania) Lincoln University (Missouri) Morgan State University Norfolk State University North Carolina A&T State University Prairie View A&M University Saint Augustine’s College South Carolina State University Southern University and A&M College Tuskegee University University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff Virginia State University West Virginia State University L
EARN HOWPEOPLE HAVEGAINED FROM ROTC L
EADERSHIP THATLASTS A LIFETIME  LTG (Ret) Andrew P. Chambers, Lieuten-ant General, U.S. Army, Retired LTG (Ret) Chambers graduated from How-ard University and Commission as an Infan-try Officer in 1954. After 35 years of service LTG Chambers retired from the Army in 1989. He then held the position of Director of Industry Operations for the Association of the United States Army, later assumed the role of Director of Community Services for AmeriCorps and then served as Vice Presi-dent of University of Maryland University College Europe, retiring in 2005 LTG (Ret) Chambers passed away on June 3, 2017 (age 86) and was buried with full mili-tary honors at Arlington Nation Cemetery. MG (Ret) George A. Alexander, Former Deputy Surgeon General, Office of the U.S. Army Surgeon General, HQS, Department of the Army MG (Ret) Alexander is an active alumni and strong supporter of the Howard Univer-sity Army ROTC Program. He graduated from Howard University College of Medicine in 1977 and was commissioned in 1979. COL Claude A. Burnett Currently serving the Chief of the Depart-ment of Obstetrics and Gynecology and Act-ing Chief of the Division of Surgery at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center, Landstuhl, Germany COL Burnett graduated from Howard Uni-versity with a BS in Chemistry and received his commission in 1992. He went on to obtain his medical degree from Meharry Medical College in Nashville, TN. COL Derrick W. Flowers Currently the G-8/Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff for Resource Management, Head-quarters, US Army Medical Command, for Sam Houston, TX. COL Flowers received his Bachelor of Busi-ness Administration Degree in Accounting and commission as a Medical Services Corps officer from Howard University in 1990. COL Senodja F. Sundiata-Walker Currently serving as the Chief of Program Support Branch, Washington D.C. COL Sundiata-Walker graduated and re-ceived her commission from Howard Univer-sity as a Military Intelligence Officer in 1995. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. K
ELLY ) for the purpose of engaging in a colloquy. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I rise to engage the gentle-woman in a colloquy on the importance of the Butler County workforce to Fed-eral background investigation oper-ations. The National Background In-vestigations Bureau has approximately 1,500 employees and contractors in Boyers, Pennsylvania, which is in my district, who handle the intake and processing of Federal background in-vestigations. As you know, the NDAA last year split the NBIB between the Office of Personnel Management and the De-partment of Defense. This misguided move would have disrupted operations and negatively affected the critical workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.073 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5791 June 27, 2018 
I applaud the Trump administration for announcing last week that it will be keeping the NBIB intact and shift-ing it entirely to the DOD. This action will keep all background investigations under the same agency and will retain economies of scale to efficiently per-form these critical operations. On Monday, I met with the DOD offi-cials responsible for the transfer. They assured me that there are no plans to move any jobs outside Butler County. This is good news for my constituents, but more communication is necessary. These 1,500 people perform an incred-ible service to our Nation, and these jobs are critical to Butler County. This workforce has the expertise and experi-ence to perform this sensitive work that keeps our Nation secure. Any ef-forts to reduce backlog in background investigations must utilize this tal-ented and hardworking workforce. Chairman G
RANGER , would you agree that the NBIB workforce in Butler County is integral to our country’s background checks operations? Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, re-claiming my time, I appreciate the gentleman’s commitment to this mat-ter. We respect the dedication and ac-complishments of all National Back-ground Investigations Bureau workers, including the hard work of the staff in Butler County, Pennsylvania. There is currently a backlog of more than 700,000 pending security clearance cases. Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson told my subcommittee that the Air Force has 79,000 people still waiting for security clearances, and that number has almost doubled in the last 18 months. We want to work with your of-fice to make sure we address that as much as possible, and I look forward to your continuing partnership in this matter. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her dedication to this issue. It is important to not lose sight of the sig-nificance of this workforce to my dis-trict. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . FRANKEL OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–785. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, research shows that when women have a seat at the table, the prospect that peace negotiations will succeed rises significantly. The Women, Peace, and Security Act enacted into law last year requires the Department of Defense to leverage the unique roles women bring to the table in peace building, conflict resolution, and military operations. This amendment would build on this law by allocating additional funding for full-time gender advisers, training foreign security forces on how to in-clude women in their security efforts, and research on women’s contributions to security at the National Defense University. Mr. Chair, according to Womankind World, which is a global women’s rights organization, women and girls suffer disproportionately during vio-lent conflict. Sexual violence is often used as an instrument of war. Although men and boys also may be abused, it is this way that women and girls are pri-marily targeted. For example, during Sierra Leone’s 11-year civil war, an es-timated 250,000 women experienced sex-ual violence. The destabilizing effect of conflict on families and communities can mean other forms of violence increasing in intensity, including domestic violence, sexual exploitation, and trafficking. Refugee women and girls are especially vulnerable. Although they are disproportionately affected by conflict, women seem to be sidelined from formal conflict resolu-tion and peace processes, meaning that postconflict recovery and reconcili-ation programs often overlook women’s specific needs. Over the last two decades, women ac-counted for just 9 percent of nego-tiators at peace tables. Out of 585 peace agreements from 1990 to 2010, only 92 contained any reference to women. Despite that, women play an essen-tial role in building peace in local com-munities. However, of course, women face multiple barriers. Even so, evi-dence shows that formal peace agree-ments that include women’s perspec-tives are most likely to last. Mr. Chair, we have an opportunity to make women’s voices heard and to make the world a safer place. I urge adoption of this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. b1630 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, women have a larger presence in our military today than ever before, with more than 200,000 women serving in Ac-tive-Duty military. Women serve as leaders in all jobs and in all branches of the military. Women have served in every conflict from the American Rev-olution to the current war on terror. From their early days as cooks and nurses to the combat roles they fulfill today, the roles of women have evolved with the military. So I am pleased to support this amendment, which will continue to further the growth of our 21st century women warfighters. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). The amendment was agreed to. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) for the purpose of engaging in a col-loquy. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I want to speak about the production of the Tomahawk cruise missile. The Tomahawk is a battle-tested weapon that has been used in combat over 2,300 times. Tomahawks were launched in 2016 and again in April of this year in response to the Syrian re-gime’s use of chemical weapons. The Tomahawk continues to be a credible, standoff weapon that provides lethal effects while keeping American fight-ing men and women in relative safety. The 2018 National Defense Strategy prioritizes action against near-peer na-tions with significant area-denial capa-bilities. The Tomahawk is the Nation’s preferred weapon to carry out this dif-ficult mission. Halting production and devastating the missile’s industrial base is ill-advised as the threat of near- peer warfare increases. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s interest in this critical weapons system, and I want to assure him that the committee sup-ports the continued production of Tomahawk missiles. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I ap-preciate the committee’s support for the program and was encouraged to see additional funding for increased Toma-hawk missile production in FY18. I would like to emphasize that this fund-ing was provided at the Navy’s request. However, I understand that the Navy recently informed the committee that they intend to utilize this for pur-chasing support equipment instead of missiles, as the committee intended. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, the gen-tleman is correct. The committee in-creased funding for Tomahawk produc-tion 2 years in a row. Using this fund-ing for other purposes is contrary to congressional direction, and this is the second year in a row that the Navy has blatantly disregarded our instructions. The action by the Navy led the com-mittee to recommend a rescission of prior year funding for Tomahawks. Despite this rescission, the com-mittee remains supportive of addi-tional Tomahawk production and is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.075 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5792 June 27, 2018 
awaiting a revised plan from the Navy on how they will spend the previously appropriated funding for missile pro-duction. I assure the gentleman from Utah that the committee will revisit this issue in conference, when the Navy in-dicates affirmatively they will use ad-ditional funding solely for missile pro-duction. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I agree with the chairwoman that the Navy’s disregard for congressional di-rection and intent is unacceptable. I appreciate her support for this impor-tant war-fighting capability. I look for-ward to resolving this issue in con-ference. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 3 will not be offered. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. H
ECK) for the purpose of engaging in a colloquy. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, I want to ask for the chairwoman’s assistance on an impending threat to our national se-curity. Roads surrounding military installa-tions play an important role in pre-serving military readiness. Our Armed Forces need to mobilize quickly, and we need functional roads in order to do that. The same is true for other infra-structure supporting defense commu-nities where our soldiers, sailors, air-men, and marines live and raise their families. This is a problem all over this coun-try and a severe one, but it is espe-cially acute right outside Joint Base Lewis-McChord in the 10th Congres-sional District of Washington, which I have the privilege to represent and is the largest force projection base in the Western United States. More than 50,000 people report to work there every day. It is the second most requested lo-cation in the Army, second to Hawaii. Still, I am thrilled when they get new things like, recently, the C–17 Weapons Instructor Course and a Security Force Assistance Brigade. What I am not thrilled about is the frustratingly long wait times at the front gate for JBLM or the heavy traf-fic diverting through neighborhoods to avoid traffic jams. My very first term in Congress, I in-troduced the COMMUTE Act to help address these issues. I have been work-ing on the problem every year since. This year, both the House and Senate authorizing committees acknowledged this need by creating the Defense Com-munity Infrastructure Program, or DCIP. This program builds off the COMMUTE Act and encourages infra-structure projects near military instal-lations that are caused by their pres-ence. I know being stuck in traffic is not something unknown to most Ameri-cans. We are all too familiar with the horrible feeling of approaching an un-expected slow crawl on the road. But when this affects our military’s ability to get to the base to do the job and be ready for anything, that is when we can’t just sit and sit and wait and wait, as I have, year in and year out, for it to get better. If servicemembers cannot get on and off base, they may decide to never leave the base. But military bases are not islands in our districts. They are integral parts of the community. Ex-pecting servicemembers to stay behind the force protection of their bases ex-acerbates the civil-military divide. It is shortsighted and foolhardy not to consider the infrastructure sur-rounding and supporting our installa-tions. The Federal Government must play a role in addressing military com-munity infrastructure projects. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman for raising the issue of off-base infrastructure. I know the gentleman has been working on this issue since his first days in Con-gress, and I commend his dedication. I appreciate that the authorizing committee has given us a tool to begin to address this problem. Unfortunately, we don’t yet know the full scope of the challenge. Before we can appropriate funds to a program like the Defense Community Infrastructure Program, we need more information to define the priorities and ensure that the most ur-gent needs are met. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairwoman very much for acknowl-edging this problem and for her com-mitment to work to address it. Over the summer, I will work with relevant stakeholders, including the authorizing committees, the Secretary of Defense, and the Association of De-fense Communities, which strongly supports this proposal, to get the gen-tlewoman and her staff a sense of the scope of this problem. I look forward to working with the Defense Subcommittee on tackling the problem and finding the resources to update and repair infrastructure around military bases. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, yes, I can commit to working on this issue if the gentleman can give me the details on the scope of what we need to solve. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . ROSEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–785. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee of Mr. H
ASTINGS of Florida, and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OSEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, my amendment No. 4, which I am offering with Congressman H
ASTINGS , would designate an additional $5 million for the training and retention of cyberse-curity professionals under the defense- wide operation and maintenance ac-count. We discuss cybersecurity frequently here in Congress because cyberspace touches everything. As a former com-puter programer and a member of both the Armed Services Committee and the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, I can tell you that we rely on cyberspace for so much: our military, schools, businesses, State and local governments. We all understand the importance of prioritizing cybersecurity and the de-fense of cyberspace, because the chal-lenges we are already facing will con-tinue to grow both at home and abroad. Actors half a world away are tar-geting our hospitals, banks, and finan-cial networks, not to mention military installations. Attacks are getting more sophisticated, and they are happening every single day. Last year, the GAO reported that, be-tween fiscal year 2006 and fiscal year 2015, cybersecurity incidents increased from over 5,500 to over 77,000, an in-crease of more than 1,300 percent. The report recommended that the Federal Government enhance efforts for re-cruiting and retaining a qualified cy-bersecurity workforce and improve cy-bersecurity workforce planning activi-ties. As we look to defend ourselves, we need the very best talent. I am particu-larly aware of the need for expanding partnerships with academia and the private sector, which will create the cybersecurity people pipeline that our government and our private sector businesses need. Programs like the National Centers of Academic Excellence, jointly spon-sored by the Department of Homeland Security and the National Security Agency, for instance, serve as examples of the direction we should be headed. As U.S. Cyber Command steps up its recruiting efforts, we must ensure that the necessary resources for training the next generation of cybersecurity specialists are made available now, wherever they are needed. This amend-ment is just a drop in the bucket, but it demonstrates how seriously we take this issue. I want to thank my distinguished colleague, Congressman A
LCEE HAS-
TINGS , for helping to lead this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.078 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5793 June 27, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, the De-partment of Defense is responsible for defending the homeland and U.S. inter-ests from attack, including attacks that may occur in cyberspace. This is an important mission and one that this bill prioritizes by providing $8 billion across the entire cybersecurity land-scape. Our Nation’s cybersecurity posture starts with our cybersecurity profes-sionals. The gentlewoman’s amend-ment provides an additional $5 million to ensure that we continue to have the most qualified and highly trained cy-bersecurity professionals in the world. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to accept the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OSEN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chair and the ranking member for their willingness to hear this amend-ment. I also want to thank the Rules Committee, Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. M
CGOVERN , for ruling that this amend-ment is in order. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would provide an additional $10 million to the defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, formerly known as JPAC, for its newly expanded mission to bring home our missing servicemembers in North Korea. In light of the recent agreement that includes a commitment to recover and repatriate U.S. POW/MIA remains from North Korea, we must ensure that the DPAA will be able to move quickly to take advantage of this unexpected op-portunity. As most Members are aware, nearly 8,000 U.S. servicemembers are still cat-egorized as missing in action and pre-sumed dead from World War II, the Ko-rean war, and the Vietnam war. Ac-cording to the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the remains of about 5,300 of our sons and daughters in uniform are be-lieved to be in North Korea. Many of them fell in battle near the Battle of Chosin Reservoir in November and De-cember of 1950, the scene of one of the most heroic battles in U.S. military history, and certainly U.S. Marine Corps history. Mr. Chairman, it has been 65 years since the Korean war ceasefire was put into effect. For those brave Americans and so many American families, to be still missing after so long is a tragedy. These brave servicemembers and their families deserve better. b1645 Mr. Chairman, I have been involved with this issue for the past 8 years. I actually went out with JPAC to the South Pacific and the Philippines, to Vietnam and to Korea to observe their recovery efforts. I had a chance to visit the head-quarters at Hickam Air Force Base at Pearl Harbor where a dedicated group of our forensic pathologists are work-ing tirelessly to use modern techniques to identify each of our brave heroes and return them to their families and their hometowns to receive the dig-nified and respectful remembrance that they deserve. Mr. Chairman, this is a very unique opportunity. We have to act quickly. The mitochondrial DNA that allows us to identify our sons and daughters in uniform breaks down over time because of conditions in the soil. If we don’t act quickly, we will lose this opportunity. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I don’t op-pose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, as dis-cussed yesterday on the Allen-Raskin amendment, I support the work of the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Office. They perform tireless work to track, locate, and recover our fallen heroes, and I thank them for their continued efforts. That is why the base bill already in-cludes $10 million above the budget re-quest. I supported the Allen-Raskin amendment yesterday, which provides an additional $10 million above the re-quest. This amendment provides $10 million, which will support continued efforts to return our fallen heroes home where they belong. Mr. Chair, I support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
IS-
CLOSKY ). Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I simply want to join the chairwoman. She has correctly pointed out that there is a significant increase in the bill, but I do support the amendment, as does the chairwoman. As was pointed out, we do need to act quickly. Most of the 82,000 Americans that remain missing are from World War II, the Korean war, and Vietnam. With the most recent of those wars ending over 40 years ago, fewer and fewer immediate families of those missing are still alive. I do think we should have a sense of urgency. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentle-man’s amendment, and I appreciate him yielding. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairwoman for her indulgence and also thank the ranking member. I ask Members to support this amendment to support the DPAA in its efforts to find and repatriate our missing heroes. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER OF  
NEW HAMPSHIRE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–785. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 18, line 4, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $2,100,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Hampshire. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Chair, my amendment to the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill will fund the first-ever study of a sub-ject the Department of Defense has identified as ‘‘one of the most signifi-cant barriers to sexual assaults being reported.’’ The amendment carries with it bipar-tisan support, and I would like to thank Republican Representative M
IA L
OVE and Democratic Congresswoman J
ACKIE SPEIER for joining me in co-sponsoring this amendment, because they recognize its importance. For far too long, servicemembers have survived sexual assaults only to suffer in silence. They have refused to bring their assailants to justice and re-ceive medical attention not because they fear their attacker, but, rather, they fear a military policy which re-quires that their commanders punish them for minor violations. These trans-gressions are brought to light during the investigation of their assault. Con-sequently, many survivors decide against reporting their attacks and bringing their assailants to justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.080 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5794 June 27, 2018 
A RAND survey of military members who survive sexual assaults but refuse to report the attacks found that 22 per-cent feared being punished for collat-eral misconduct. The list of survivors who have had their military careers ru-ined because they demanded justice is also lengthy, but the only facts I can offer you are a survey and anecdotal evidence. Not a single branch of the military systematically tracks this collateral misconduct. Our only previous effort to examine an aspect of the subject came in 2016. The FY 2017 NDAA, which passed with bipartisan support, di-rected the Pentagon’s inspector gen-eral to review the cases of survivors who were separated from the service after reporting their assaults. The IG reported 22 percent of these survivors couldn’t have their cases re-viewed because their military records had gone missing. Moreover, 67 percent of the records were incomplete. This funding will support a first-ever study to be conducted by the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual As-sault in the Armed Services, otherwise known as DAC-IPAD. That study was introduced by my bill required by the fiscal year 2019 NDAA, which the House passed earlier this year. The funds would pay for the lawyers needed to fund a long-overdue, in-depth, and independent review of collateral mis-conduct. We know that collateral misconduct is an issue, but we need to know just how pervasive it is and gather informa-tion on when and how it manifests to empower our commanders to, hope-fully, solve this problem. We owe it to our men and women in uniform to study and review collateral mis-conduct. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, the mili-tary and society at large must do more to change the stigma of sexual assault so victims are not afraid of retaliation when coming forward and reporting the crime. This bill provides $318 million for sex-ual assault prevention and response programs at the service level and at the Department of Defense Sexual As-sault Prevention and Response pro-gram. This is $35 million above the President’s request. I understand this amendment funds a report required by the 2019 House- passed National Defense Authorization Act, to which we do not object. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $23,800,000)’’. Page 22, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $23,800,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of this amendment to restore $24 million for Navy AIM–120 Delta AMRAAM procurement to match House-passed NDAA levels. When he rolled out the National De-fense Strategy, Secretary Mattis was clear: ‘‘Great power competition, not terrorism, is now the primary focus of U.S. national security.’’ Nowhere is this competition more in-tense than in the Indo-Pacific, where the ‘‘fight tonight’’ mission has never been more urgent, given threats from both great powers and rogue regimes. Pentagon leaders have been clear: ad-dressing critical munitions shortfalls such as the AMRAAM is a top priority. During his confirmation, the new Indo-PACOM commander, Phil David-son, listed critical munitions stock-piles as one of his top two capability and capacity challenges to addressing threats in the Indo-Pacific. Admiral Davidson went on to list advancements in air-to-air munitions—and the AIM– 120D in particular—as his top solution to challenges presented by anti-access area-denial capabilities. Unfortunately, our AMRAAM inven-tory is currently at only 50 percent of the requirement—50 percent. We can-not afford to cut any further. It is no surprise, then, that the Statement of Administration Policy on this bill singles out munitions reduc-tions as an area of special concern. To quote the Statement of Administration Policy: ‘‘DOD still has shortfalls in preferred munitions needed to achieve successfully the operational plans iden-tified in the National Defense Strat-egy.’’ And the very first munition men-tioned is the AIM–120D AMRAAM. Let’s be clear about the implications here. The NDS is about great power competition. Our ability to win—or, much preferably, deter a great power war—comes down to our ability to exe-cute these plans and impose our will on our adversaries. These same adversaries are watching American defense spending debates right now, looking for signs such as failing to address publicly reported shortfalls, that America is not serious about long-term competition. Deci-sions like this, here and now, may seem small, but they all add up to tell a story that our friends and our foes, alike, receive loud and clear. Last year, on a bipartisan basis, we were able to help address key Mark 48 torpedo shortfalls in this appropria-tions bill in order to address a critical war-fighting need. I hope we can build on this success this time around. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to match the House-passed authorization level as well as the administration request, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, this amendment seeks to reverse a justified reduction made by the committee to the request for the AMRAAM missile program. Both the Navy and the Air Force, his-torically, overestimate the cost of the missile in their budget request. In the last 5 years, this overestimation has been 12 percent, on average. The fiscal year 2019 request assumes a unit cost that is 16 percent more than the most recent contract. For several years in a row, Congress has adjusted the budget request for this program to account for these over-estimates and other facts of life, such as production delays. In fact, the deliv-ery schedule for this program has been revised 25 times since 2011, and the pro-duction of new guidance system compo-nents is 21 months behind schedule. The Department, itself, has fre-quently sought to take savings from the AMRAAM program for other prior-ities. For example, the Air Force has, 5 years straight on, sought approval to reprogram a total of $57 million of this program to other needs. This is in addi-tion to the reductions that have been taken by Congress. It, therefore, defies the facts to claim that this program is being underfunded. Because of the long time it takes the Department of Defense to put together its budget request, these requests do not always reflect the most current in-formation. The committee takes com-monsense reductions when they will do no harm to national security. I must add that this is precisely the sort of commonsense reduction to the President’s budget that enables us to accommodate the priorities of Mem-bers of this body. This year we received approximately 6,600 such requests. The committee will continue to en-gage with the Navy and Air Force on this program and make adjustments as needed. This amendment, however, would restrict our ability to ensure that the priorities of this body are re-flected in the final bill. Mr. Chair, I, therefore, oppose the amendment and urge its rejection, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.085 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5795 June 27, 2018 
Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Wisconsin has 2
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chair, I would say I am all for finding efficiencies wherever we can get them, particularly in a very tight budgetary environment. That is why, in structuring this amendment, we need a concerted effort to prioritize the urgent operational re-quirements faced day in and day out in the Pacific where, notwithstanding any past delays, the balance of power, I would argue, is rapidly shifting against us and where any further shifts could really harm our ability to project power in the future. We have also provided the Defense Contract Management Agency the flexibility to make modest steps to-ward finding efficiencies in its budget. Even after accounting for this offset, DCMA O&M would be funded at nearly $25 million over the House-passed NDAA level. I would also say, our offset supports House-passed NDAA reductions to bu-reaucratic overhead in the so-called DOD fourth estate. In line with finding efficiencies, the fourth estate is com-prised of the organizations within DOD that do not report to a military service and have proven difficult to manage or oversee, and I think the savings identi-fied will go directly toward critical munitions for the warfighter—in other words, maximizing tooth while mini-mizing tail—getting as much of the re-source as possible out of the bureauc-racy in the Pentagon and at the front lines where our warfighters need it most. b1700 I have enormous respect for the chairwoman’s position, I appreciate her willingness to consider this, and I ap-preciate the robust debate. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, in closing, as I have stated, these sorts of commonsense adjustments to the President’s budget request must be made to ensure efficient use of tax-payer dollars and accommodate higher priorities, including Member priorities. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . GALLAGHER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $33,000,000)’’. Page 28, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $33,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chairman, as with the preceding amendment, this proposal addresses critical munitions shortfalls, this time by providing $33 million for Air Force AIM–120D AMRAAM procurement to match the NDAA. The same argument for Navy AMRAAM procurement apply equally to this amendment as well. In order to support Indo-PACOM’s fight tonight mission, we must increase our stock-piles of critical munitions. With our AMRAAM inventory currently at 50 percent of the requirement, we cannot afford to see further cuts. This amendment would simply re-store the House-passed NDAA level for Air Force AMRAAM procurement, and addresses one of the specific concerns outlined in the SAP on this bill. I understand the argument on finding efficiencies. I just think it is worth re-membering, particularly when we look at that region of the world, that ag-gression in the Pacific has historically caught our country off guard. After all, not only did the attack on Pearl Har-bor and the North Korean advance past the 38th parallel come as a surprise, but we were similarly stunned by the rapid Chinese entry into the Korean war. These mistakes cost American lives and forced our men and women in uni-form to play catch-up. And I know that such a level of conflict may seem un-thinkable in the post-Cold War world, but history has a way of, if not repeat-ing itself, rhyming from time to time. While this small investment will not inoculate us entirely against being caught flat-footed once again, it is a small step towards addressing critical munition shortfalls and giving our combatant and commanders the tools they need to deter conflict in the first place; and, if the worst does happen, be ready with the munitions they need. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this proposal, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman is correct in his assertion that his amendment restores the cut made by the committee of $23.8 million in this program. Mr. Chairman, I think it is important to point out for my colleagues that there is a misimpression of our sub-committee that we simply helter-skel-ter approve anything that the Depart-ment of Defense sends up, but we try to give discrete decisions to each program and to rearrange those moneys. There was a cut from the administration’s re-quest, and that money was put into readiness, which is a huge concern for the Department. And, historically, on the program that the gentleman references, my re-marks would very much mirror those of the gentlewoman from his last amendment. Historically, the Air Force, along with the Navy, overesti-mates that the cost of the missile just discussed, on average, the cost has been overestimated by 12 percent. For the fiscal year 2019 budget sub-mission, the unit cost is 16 percent more than the most recent contract for production. The budget request for this program has been adjusted for several years now, due to the overestimates submitted and other factors, such as revisions to delivery schedules, and a 21-month delay for components. The committee works with the mili-tary services to ensure the program re-ceives the funding needed to produce this munition, and adjustments are made. The subcommittee did make an adjustment. I believe it is in our Na-tion’s interest to leave that $23.8 mil-lion in readiness. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. Mr. Chairman, I know, to some ex-tent, we always seem to be making choices between near-term readiness requirements and long-term mod-ernization efforts. I would submit, how-ever, that that is a false choice, or per-haps is a choice that has been foisted upon us by bad budgetary decisions that we have made in the past 6 years. The reality is, if you take a look at the world, we are going to have to do both things at the same time: invest in both readiness and modernization. So I have enormous respect for those efforts to find efficiencies and make sure we can put dollars where people need them most. I simply, on balance, would like to put money in the hands of warfighters who are dealing with threats on the front lines as much as humanly possible. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I simply close by making the observa-tion: the gentleman talks about choices. The committee did make a choice for readiness as opposed to mu-nition, where we have a 21-month delay in components. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.088 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5796 June 27, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ALLA -
GHER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . HUDSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, which would increase funding for USSOCOM to provide for additional training of Special Operations Forces. Simply put, I never want our men and women in uniform to be in a fair fight. My amendment would allow for an in-crease in the training budget to ensure, whenever our forces are deployed, they have been fully prepared and are ready to fight, win, and return home safely. Mr. Chairman, one of the greatest honors of my life is representing Fort Bragg, the epicenter of the universe, and home of the airborne and of the Army Special Operations Command. The units stationed here represent the best of the best and have a vast foot-print across our Nation. As our Nation continues to fight ter-rorism around the world, while simul-taneously preparing for the threats of near-peer adversaries, our training re-quirements increase and diversify. As a result, we must ensure that we are ready for any situation at a mo-ment’s notice. Readiness cannot be built overnight. A Green Beret cannot be built overnight. In order to conduct their mission set effectively, we must provide them with a steady stream of predictable resources to enable them to train and prepare for the dangerous tasks our Nation asks them to perform. We must never underestimate the most important asset our military has: the individual. My amendment would ensure that we continue to take care of that asset by providing them every edge, every bit of preparation, and, yes, every bit of training that they require. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairwoman GRANGER for her excellent work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment provides a modest increase in the training budget for the Special Operations Command. Like my col-league, I want to make sure that our soldiers are able to deal with any con-tingency that may confront them. Our Special Forces deploy to some of the most austere and unique environ-ments in the world. We should do all that we can to ensure their success. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UD-
SON). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,300,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase funding for the Department of Defense health pro-grams by $1 million to improve coordi-nation between DOD and the VA on re-search and findings related to toxic ex-posure to burn pits. As you know, burn pits were com-monly used on U.S. military sites dur-ing the Iraq and Afghanistan wars to burn all types of waste from chemicals, paint, and medical and human waste to munitions, petroleum, plastics, and rubber. But, also, as you know, many members of the military, who were ex-posed to burn pits, are beginning to ex-perience negative health effects from the toxic smoke that they inhaled while on duty. That is why I am offering this amendment: to increase cross-agency communication and research so that the Departments can assist those suf-fering more aggressively and quickly. On May 7, I met in Vermont with a group of National Guard members, led by Pat Cram, who have been impacted by burn pit exposure. Pat is the wife of Sergeant Major Mike Cram of the Vermont National Guard, who died this past December from prostate cancer, believed to be a direct result of his ex-posure to burn pits in Iraq and Afghan-istan, where he did several tours. Sergeant Major Cram first deployed to Iraq in 2004 with a group of MPs from the 42nd Infantry Division of the Vermont National Guard. They joined up with the 278th Tennessee National Guard Calvary in Iraq. All 21 soldiers from this group, who deployed together for 18 months, returned home safely, thank God. But since their safe return, that same group has lost two members from prostate cancer, and another has been treated for it. They believe, and some of the medical professionals believe, that the explanation is that it occurred as a result of exposure to burn pits. This funding would provide some re-sources necessary for the VA and Pen-tagon to work on the issue together ef-fectively so that we can address the di-rect relationship between burn pits and severe health conditions. This amendment idea aligns with a June 2018 GAO recommendation that highlighted the need for these Depart-ments to work together to solve this issue. This is reminiscent, potentially, of the Agent Orange situation where, for many years, people were trying to figure out what the cause of the can-cers were, and it turned out, after a lot of investigation, that it was directly related to Agent Orange. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman GRANGER , who, on occasion, I have traveled with and whose service I have really respected, and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY , for their attention to this issue and willingness to help. Mr. Chairman, I thank the great group of Members who worked with me on this amendment, including Rep-resentatives S
OTO, BILIRAKIS , GABBARD , W
ENSTRUP , RUIZ, and R OSEN . Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his concern. This amendment would increase fund-ing in the defense health program ac-count, aiming to improve coordination between the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, as both agencies study the effects of toxic exposure to burn pits. It is important to both Departments to be aware of what the other has done 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.092 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5797 June 27, 2018 
in this important area of research, therefore, I am prepared to accept the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $6,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. b1715 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chair, as cochair-man with F
RANK LOBIONDO in our bi-partisan Congressional Lung Cancer Caucus, and F
RANK LOBIONDO is a co-sponsor of this amendment, I want to begin by expressing our appreciation for making this amendment in order and our additional appreciation for Chairman G
RANGER and Ranking Mem-ber V
ISCLOSKY for the tremendous work that they do, and the great respect we also have for the ranking member and the chairman of the committee, who I see here today, R
ODNEY FRELING -
HUYSEN . Simply stated, this measure would add $6 million to lung cancer research under the Defense Health Program. In so doing, we would be increasing this amount for this important and worthwhile research from $14 million back to the original $20 million figure that had been appropriated back in 2009. In that regard, it is worth noting that were we to factor this for infla-tion, we would have to be asking for $23.5 million to match the buying power of $20 million that this would bring us up to today. To put my amendment in perspec-tive, a recent study at Walter Reed Medical Center found that treating lung cancer in active military soldiers and veterans every year costs roughly $564 million, treating our veterans. According to that same study, our veterans are 75 percent more likely to develop some form of lung cancer than those people who do not serve in our military. Clearly, with some additional re-search to find cures and better treat-ments for this, there are not only enor-mous dollars to be saved, but more im-portantly, lives to be saved. That’s an important message to our veterans in how we value their service and the risks, the great risks, that they take in serving and in protecting us. So I hope my colleagues would agree that a modest increase in cancer re-search funding to the $20 million figure next year is more than reasonable. It’s a sound and necessary investment in public dollars, and an important mes-sage to the men and women who serve in our military. And make no mistake, those extra funds would make an enormous dif-ference in battling lung cancer, which, by the way, takes more lives than all of the other cancers combined. So it is a disease that obviously, as I said, af-fects our military, but it kills 159,000 people every year. As many of you know, my daughter, Katherine, was diagnosed with a very advanced stage IV lung cancer some 3 years ago. I thank all of my colleagues for their prayers. I would also be re-miss if I didn’t say thank you to the many colleagues on both sides of the aisle, not a day goes by but one of you haven’t expressed your concern, asked about her well-being, and told me of your continued prayers and hopes for success. And I am here to tell you she is doing well. We have great hope for her in the future, in no small measure due to the prayers, the careful thoughts, and the advances in research, so many of which are coming down the road, in offering her and so many oth-ers so much hope. So I hope we can give many others that same great hope through these ad-ditional research dollars. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his amendment. I have no objections and am prepared to accept it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 115–785. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment on the table. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Hawaii. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chair, since 9/11, an estimated 3.7 million veterans and servicemembers may have been ex-posed to burn pits, a common method of disposing of waste during war. Now, these burn pits include things like human waste, batteries, plastic, damaged equipment all being dumped into a giant pit, doused with jet fuel, and torched. Much of the waste burned in these pits is toxic and it gets into our troops’ eyes, mouth, throat, and lungs. I know this is true, because I was there and I breathed these toxins in every day. These burn pits aren’t put somewhere very far away from where our troops spend their time. They are usually right next to where they live, work, eat, and sleep. Many burn day and night, some burning around the clock, 7 days a week. Exposure to burn pits can produce se-rious and potentially life-threatening health effects, including neurological disorders, rare forms of cancer, lung diseases, and more. Recently, a widow named Jill Wil-kins reached out to my office to share her story. She told me about her husband, United States Air Force Reserves Major Kevin Wilkins, who was an RN and who deployed to Iraq in the sum-mer of 2006. After prolonged exposure to the toxic chemicals from burn pits, when he came home, he died from a brain tumor in April of 2008. He was only 51 years old, leaving behind his wife, Jill, to take care of their two children by her-self. Now, despite the millions of brave young men and women who have been exposed to burn pits, people like Major Wilkins, they are continuing to be de-nied their claims and healthcare through the VA. The DOD and VA have been hesitant to admit that there is sufficient data to quantify this link and to prove the connection between service-related burn pits exposure and the resulting illnesses that some of our troops and veterans are dying from. What is most troubling about this is that these burn pits are still being used today. We cannot continue to repeat the dark stains of our past that we have seen in abandoning our Vietnam vet-erans who have suffered illnesses due to their exposure to Agent Orange. Even now, I and many other Members of Congress continue to hear from Viet-nam veterans about their battles with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.095 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5798 June 27, 2018 
the VA to get the benefits and care they need after their exposure to Agent Orange. Burn pits are the Agent Orange of our generation of veterans. We cannot let this generation go ignored, without the care and services they desperately need. Our troops didn’t hesitate to raise their hands and volunteer to serve this country and put their lives on the line. We cannot turn our backs on them when they return home. Passing this amendment authorizes $1 million in burn pits research, which takes an important step towards ful-filling our Nation’s promise to take care of our veterans. We have seen some DOD- and VA-funded studies, but we need to do more to get to the point where the VA does the right thing. We need to pass the Burn Pits Ac-countability Act that I have intro-duced with my friend and post-9/11 vet-eran, Congressman B
RIAN MAST. We know that there is a correlation between burn pit exposures and these illnesses. This amendment takes a small step toward continuing the re-search, and serves as a shining light to our post-9/11 veterans that they are not alone and that they have not been for-gotten. It builds on this progress to en-sure that every servicemember and vet-eran who was exposed to burn pits gets the care and services that they have earned and deserve. Mr. Chair, I appreciate Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V IS-
CLOSKY for their attention in raising this important issue and in allowing these amendments to come to the floor. Our veterans care very much to see that Congress is taking action in the absence of leadership, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman’s concerns. The Department is currently funding sev-eral research projects related to the po-tential health effects of open-air burn pits and burn pit exposure, such as pul-monary fibrosis, lung and respiratory issues, and metals toxicology. I believe this research is important. I don’t have any objection to this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $8,300,000)’’. Page 82, line 20, after the dollar amount in-sert the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairwoman and the ranking member for their support of our veterans and for our servicemen and -women. I would also like to thank the cosponsors of this amendment with me, D
EBBIE DINGELL of Michigan, D ON Y
OUNG of Alaska, A NNWAGNER of Mis-souri, D
ARREN SOTO of Florida, and P
ETER WELCH of Vermont, for their bi-partisan efforts in placing something as important as Fisher House Founda-tion far above politics. Fisher House provides 100 percent free lodging for military families, al-lowing families to stay together while their loved ones are being taken care of in a VA Hospital or military facility. On any given night, up to 1,000 fami-lies are staying in one of the 76 Fisher Houses in districts all across this coun-try, and their need is only growing. This effort that is the subject of this amendment will help Fisher House build new homes and serve more of our military families. Fisher House has served over 335,000 families thus far and provided $407 mil-lion in estimated out-of-pocket savings on lodging and transportation to our military families. Looking ahead, they have eight houses already under construction and have identified 20 more locations in need of their support in their pipeline. Fisher House is a highly rated non-profit, having received an A-plus rating from CharityWatch and awarded the Independent Charities Seal of Excel-lence. Most importantly, it is a beloved in-stitution throughout our military and veteran communities. This amendment increases Federal support for Fisher House from $5 mil-lion to $10 million. It has strong bipar-tisan support and is a good example of the things we can do if we work to-gether. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this program. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AG-
NER), my friend. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Fisher House Foundation amend-ment No. 13. Often, servicemembers must travel hundreds or even thousands of miles for medical care. For more than 25 years, Fisher Houses have provided a home away from home for the family members of those who are receiving treatment at a military or VA Medical Center. These houses provide stability, convenience, and one less thing to worry about for families as their husbands, wives, sons, or daughters undergo treatment. Each time I visit the St. Louis Fisher House at Jefferson Barracks, I witness firsthand the dedication of the staff and the volunteers who assist the fami-lies of our veterans and servicemem-bers. An increase in funds will allow the construction of more Fisher Houses, providing lodging to thousands of mili-tary families. We know that a family’s love is the best medicine, and good care makes the tough days bearable. I look forward to casting my vote in support of this important foundation. Together, we can make the lives of those who heroically serve our country just a little bit easier. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairwoman for all of her leadership. I thank the gentleman for his cosponsorship and for his yielding me this time. Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s concern to provide adequate funding for the Fisher House Foundation. The Fisher House Foundation is a nonprofit organization that provides temporary lodging for military family members when con-fronted with the illness or hospitaliza-tion of their servicemember. The bill already includes $5 million for the department to grant to the Fisher House Foundation and allows each service to transfer up to $11 mil-lion for Fisher House operations. I am pleased to accept the amend-ment to provide additional funding for the Fisher House, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment, and I want them to have one vis-ual in their minds when they think about it. Prior to the Fisher House— which, again, is a public-private part-nership; the government money is le-veraged with third-party donations— prior to the Fisher House, family mem-bers of our veterans who were receiving care often camped out in tents on the grounds of VA hospitals or other mili-tary facilities. The Fisher House has solved that problem, which is one of the reasons we should be supporting it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.100 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5799 June 27, 2018 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 115–785. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, Amendment No. 14. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 30, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me thank Chairwoman G
RANGER  and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our Nation safe. My amendment, and I appreciate the opportunity in presenting it, is iden-tical to an amendment that I offered and was adopted last year to the De-fense Appropriations Act of fiscal year 2018, H.R. 3219. My amendment in-creases funding for Defense Health Pro-gram research and development by $10 million. These funds will address the question of breast cancer in the United States military. Mr. Chairman, I am a breast cancer survivor, and the relief of the care and cure is one that you cannot imagine. Just imagine being in the United States military and being diagnosed. These funds are important to increase that research to help our men and women in the United States military. The American Cancer Society called several strains of breast cancer a par-ticularly aggressive subtype associated with lower survival rates. In this in-stance, it is triple negative breast can-cer. That is one that is deadly, more so than many other types, and I have seen close friends, my neighbor, succumb to triple negative breast cancer. This increased funding should be and, hopefully, will be utilized to do impor-tant research in that area. This was evidenced by an article, ‘‘Fighting a Different Battle: Breast Cancer and the Military.’’ Breast cancer can affect both men and women. The bad news is that breast cancer has been just about as brutal on women in the military as combat. Breast cancer has been just about as difficult to overcome as well. More than 800 women have been wound-ed in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the Army Times; 874 military women were diagnosed with breast can-cer, just between the years 2000 and 2011. According to the same study, more are expected as it grows. The good news is that we have been working on it and, therefore, much progress has been made. The Jackson Lee amendment will allow the additional research on, as I said, devastating triple negative breast cancer. That research is particularly needed since women are joining the armed services in increasing numbers and serving longer, ascending to lead-ership. With increased age comes increased risk and the incidence of breast cancer. Military people, in general, and, in some cases, specifically, are at a sig-nificantly greater risk for contracting breast cancer, according to Dr. Richard Clapp, a top cancer expert at Boston University who works with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on military breast cancer issues. Dr. Clapp notes that life in the mili-tary can mean exposure to a witch’s brew of risk factors directly linked to greater chances of getting breast can-cer. So I ask my colleagues to remember that there are many challenges for those who serve in the United States military. Health is one of them. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, this bill includes $130 million for the peer- reviewed breast cancer research pro-gram. I believe this research is very worthwhile. I do not have any objec-tion to the gentlewoman’s amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, let me thank the chairwoman for acknowl-edging the importance of the research that is already established. I want to reemphasize that, in the midst of breast cancer research, there will be a focus on many subtypes, if you will, one of them including triple negative breast cancer. So with the expansion of women in the military, it is extremely important to move forward with this amendment to help ensure that the men and women who risk their lives to protect our free-dom can live longer, healthier lives. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe. Mr. Chair, thank you for the opportunity to explain my amendment, which is identical to an amendment that I offered and was adopted last year to the Defense Appropriations Act for FY2018 (H.R. 3219). My amendment increases funding for the Defense Health Program’s research and de-velopment by $10 million. These funds will address the question of breast cancer in the United States military. As a Member of Congress, a mother, a sis-ter and a spouse, and a breast cancer sur-vivor, I feel a special responsibility to do all I can to ensure every American can win in the fight against all types of breast cancer but es-pecially triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). Breast cancer can affect both men and women. The bad news is breast cancer has been just about as brutal on women in the military as combat. Let me say that sentence again. Breast cancer has been just about as brutal on women in the military as combat. More than 800 women have been wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to the Army Times; 874 military women were diagnosed with breast cancer just between 2000 and 2011. And according to that same study, more are suspected; it grows. The good news is that we have been work-ing on it, and I want to add my appreciation to the military. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 14, however, will allow for the additional research. That research is particularly needed since women are joining the Armed Services in in-creasing numbers and serving longer, ascend-ing to leadership. Within increased age comes increased risk and incidence of breast cancer. Not only is breast cancer striking relatively young military women at an alarming rate, but male service members, veterans and their de-pendents are at risk as well. With a younger and generally healthier pop-ulation, those in the military tend to have a lower risk for most cancers than civilians—in-cluding significantly lower colorectal, lung and cervical—but breast cancer is a different story. Military people in general, and in some cases very specifically, are at a significantly greater risk for contracting breast cancer, ac-cording to Dr. Richard Clapp, a top cancer ex-pert at Boston University who works at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on military breast cancer issues. Dr. Clapp notes that life in the military can mean exposure to a witch’s brew of risk fac-tors directly linked to greater chances of get-ting breast cancer. STATISTICS ON AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMEN AND BREAST  
CANCER  
In 2013, the American Cancer Society Sur-veillance and Health Services Institute esti-mated that 27,060 black women would be di-agnosed with the illness. The overall incidence rate of breast cancer is 10 percent lower in African American women than white women. African American women have a five-year survival rate of 78 percent after diagnosis as compared to 90 percent for white women. The incidence rate of breast cancer among women under 45 is higher for African Amer-ican women compared to white women. Triple Negative Breast Cancer: Accounts for between 13 percent and 25 percent of all breast cancer in the United States; Onset is at a younger age; Is more aggressive; and Is more likely to metastasize. Currently, 70 percent of women with meta-static triple negative breast cancer do not live more than five years after being diagnosed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.104 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5800 June 27, 2018 
African American women are 3 times more likely to develop triple-negative breast cancer than White women. African-American women have prevalence TNBC of 26 percent vs. 16 percent in non-Afri-can-American women. African-American women are more likely to be diagnosed with larger tumors and more ad-vanced stages of breast cancer. Currently there is no targeted treatment for TNBC exists. Some researchers theorize that higher rates of triple negative tumors among young African American Women may be explain, to some degree, the poor prognosis of breast cancers diagnosed. Not knowing if you have Triple Negative Breast Cancer is the biggest threat to health. Breast cancers with specific, targeted treat-ment methods, such as hormone and gene based strains, have higher survival rates than the triple negative subtype, highlighting the need for a targeted treatment. There continues to be a need for research funding for biomarker selection, drug dis-covery, and clinical trial designs that will lead to the early detection of TNBC and to the de-velopment of multiple targeted therapies to treat this awful disease. The dedication of funding for research into breast cancer is the right track, we’re on the right road. The expansion of women in the military, makes this area of DoD research particularly important to addressing the real breast cancer risk posed to our women in uniform. Today women make up around 15 percent of all service personnel in the combined branches of the French military. Women are 11 percent of the Army forces, 13 percent for the Navy, 21 percent of the Air Force and 50 percent of the Medical Corps. In 2015, All U.S. military combat positions were opened up to women. The fighting capacity of the military is linked to the health and wellbeing of women through-out the armed services. We can offer another tool in the work to keep the women of the military healthy and free of breast cancer through development of test that can detect the disease in its earliest stages and treatments that increase survival rates should breast cancer be contracted. I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 14. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairwoman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for shepherding H.R. 6157, the ‘‘Defense Appro-priations Act for Fiscal Year 2019,’’ to the floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 14 increases funding for the PTSD by $5 million. These funds should be used toward out-reach activities targeting hard to reach vet-erans, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas, who suffer from Post-Traumatic Stress Dis-order (PTSD). Mr. Chair, along with traumatic brain injury, PTSD is the signature wound suffered by the brave men and women fighting in Afghanistan, Iraq, and far off lands to defend the values and freedom we hold dear. For those of us whose daily existence is not lived in harm’s way, it is difficult to imagine the horrific images that American servicemen and women deployed in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other theaters of war see on a daily basis. In an instant a suicide bomber, an IED, or an insurgent can obliterate your best friend and right in front of your face. Yet, you are trained and expected to con-tinue on with the mission, and you do, even though you may not even have reached your 20th birthday. But there always comes a reckoning. And it usually comes after the stress and trauma of battle is over and you are alone with your thoughts and memories. And the horror of those desperate and dan-gerous encounters with the enemy and your own mortality come flooding back. PTSD was first brought to public attention in relation to war veterans, but it can result from a variety of traumatic incidents, such as tor-ture, being kidnapped or held captive, bomb-ings, or natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes. People with PTSD may startle easily, be-come emotionally numb (especially in relation to people with whom they used to be close), lose interest in things they used to enjoy, have trouble feeling affectionate, be irritable, be-come more aggressive, or even become vio-lent. They avoid situations that remind them of the original incident, and anniversaries of the incident are often very difficult. Most people with PTSD repeatedly relive the trauma in their thoughts during the day and in nightmares when they sleep. These are called flashbacks; a person hav-ing a flashback may lose touch with reality and believe that the traumatic incident is hap-pening all over again. Mr. Chair, the fact of the matter is that most veterans with PTSD also have other psy-chiatric disorders, which are a consequence of PTSD. These veterans have co-occurring disorders, which include depression, alcohol and/or drug abuse problems, panic, and/or other anxiety disorders. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 14 recognizes that these soldiers are first and foremost, human, who live their experiences. Ask a veteran of Vietnam, Iraq, or Afghani-stan about the frequency of nightmares they experience, and one will realize that serving in the Armed Forces leaves a lasting impression, whether good or bad. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 14 will help ensure that ‘‘no soldier is left behind’’ by ad-dressing the urgent need for more outreach toward hard to reach veterans suffering from PTSD, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas of our country. I urge all Members to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 14. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 115–785. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $14,364,000) (increased by $14,364,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Massachusetts. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong sup-port of this bipartisan amendment, which supports the Pentagon’s FY19 budget request for research and devel-opment conducted by the Defense Inno-vation Unit-Experimental, also known as DIUx. I am grateful to my colleagues, Rep-resentatives G
ALLAGHER of Wisconsin and R
USSELL of Oklahoma, and to my colleague from Massachusetts, Rep-resentative T
SONGAS , for working with me on this amendment. American technological innovation is widely renowned as the world’s best. Our private-sector innovators are con-stantly pushing the envelope of the possible, inventing new technologies that revolutionize how people live. However, when it comes to national se-curity, we have a serious problem. Thousands of our startups have a strong desire to contribute to national security, but over the past two dec-ades, as our cutting-edge innovators have changed the world, government procurement processes have failed to change with them. As a result, in crit-ical areas such as cybersecurity, our top private-sector innovators have no economically viable avenue to pursue government business. The Department of Defense, therefore, has no access to them. DIUx is the only funding stream in this entire bill that solves this prob-lem. Military services and commanders in the field identify pressing problems that they need solved and bring them to DIUx. DIUx then pairs them with top commanders and top innovators to provide a pilot contract to solve their problems. This has resulted in bids from more than 650 companies in more than 42 States. Most importantly, DIUx is able to solve these problems, in most in-stances, in less than 90 days. This is far more flexible, agile, and cost-effective than any other procurement vehicle currently available. Just one of DIUx’s 71 programs now saves the Air Force 400,000 pounds of fuel per day—just one project. That is enough to more than recoup DIUx’s en-tire FY18 appropriation several times over. If the devastating cuts proposed to this program come to pass, DIUx will lose its critical momentum, capabili-ties, and talent, jeopardizing the pro-gram’s future. If we care about pro-tecting our troops, enhancing national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.045 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5801 June 27, 2018 
security, and ensuring efficient use of taxpayer funds, I hope we will adopt this amendment, which simply matches the Pentagon’s FY19 budget requested by DIUx. Mr. Chairman, if I may ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Massachusetts has 2 minutes re-maining. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
US-
SELL). Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Chairman, the Defense Innovation Unit-Experimental is a program that leverages brilliant engineers at places like the Silicon Valley or MIT to invent such amazing things as saline cooling to save the lives of badly wounded soldiers on the battlefield or create improved commu-nications. In just the last year, the DIUx pro-gram saved the United States Air Force hundreds of millions of dollars by replacing a whiteboard management system for managing refueling with an integrated app that saved millions of pounds of fuel each week, totaling hun-dreds of millions of dollars and, ulti-mately, billions of savings. This never would have happened without DIUx. It pays for itself many times over. In fact, we would not have things today like Predator or key anti- missile defense systems without it. Perhaps some big defense contractors might wish to cut DIUx, but only in Washington would we cut a program that integrates Silicon Valley and MIT engineers, develops products in months instead of decades, and saves billions of dollars. This amendment protects that from happening by restoring the $14 million in funding, something it al-ready saved in fuel in just a couple of days with the United States Air Force. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, and I thank my colleagues for their work on this bipartisan measure. I urge support. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I am a strong supporter of innovation and bringing fresh ideas to the department. I support efforts that will deliver prom-ising new technologies and provide our troops with a technological edge to prevail. However, I don’t support ef-forts aimed at building empires under the guise of innovation. The amendment seeks to reverse a justified reduction made by the com-mittee to the Defense Innovation Unit- Experimental, DIUx. For fiscal year 2019, DIUx proposed to double its budg-et compared to last year without suffi-cient justification. This proposed in-crease was aimed at doubling the size of the program office, along with sig-nificant increases for office space and a generous travel budget. I need to better understand how DIUx will fit into the department’s new re-search and engineering organization and how it will maximize innovation for the warfighter before increasing funds for DIUx. I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ), my ranking member. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentlewoman for yielding. I, too, share her sentiment that we ought to encourage innovation, but I join her in opposition to the amend-ment. I am wary of providing funding for an organization within the depart-ment that makes commitments of al-most $1 billion without carefully co-ordinating some of these activities within the department, as happened this past year with a cloud computing contract. I am also concerned about the fact that the Defense Innovation Unit has found only a way, basically, to fund in-novative activities in limited areas of the country; that is, the East Coast and the West Coast, with rarely any-thing in between. I also add my concerns that the De-fense Innovation Unit relies on Reserve officers to man their organizations when each of the Reserve chiefs have advised us that they cannot fill their own ranks. So I do agree with the gentlewoman and her opposition, and I appreciate her yielding. b1745 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I support efforts to bring inno-vation and new capabilities to the warfighter. However, the DIUx unit ap-pears more focused on building its own program office rather than delivering capability. I do not believe additional funding for DIUx is justified at this time. I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas, the distinguished chair, for her leader-ship. The amendment I am offering will support explosive ordnance disposal equipment upgrades and technology en-hancements. When the Department of Defense can-celed the EOD/Low Intensity Conflict Program, which formerly developed and delivered capabilities commonly required by each services’ EOD tactical units, it was done without transferring this program and the oversight respon-sibility on EOD research, development, and acquisition to that of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. It is my understanding that DOD’s Combating Terrorism Technical Sup-port Office will now absorb this specific mission set within their Improvised Device Defeat and Explosives Counter-measures program. This program is unique in that it supports the United States Government’s Interagency Dep-uties’ Technical Support Working Group to combat terrorism by using a whole-government approach. Specifi-cally, the program leverages the intel-ligence community, the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, Jus-tice, and State, as well as State, local, and Tribal levels of government. There are about 33,000 annual call- outs, approximately 4,500 of which are on DOD military munitions. The Im-provised Device Defeat and Explosives Countermeasures program develops or improves operational capabilities to neutralize, render safe, and contain blast fragmentation during these emer-gency response operations and terrorist incidents involving use of IEDs in the homeland. Furthermore, it produces dual-use capabilities on enhancing life-saving technologies for military tac-tical EOD units and those of public safety bomb squads organized at the State, local, and Tribal levels of gov-ernment. Therefore, I encourage the Director of the Combating Terrorism Technical Support Office to appropriately prioritize funding toward delivery of these advanced dual-use capabilities in the IED countermeasures program used by military tactical EOD units and public safety bomb squads. In closing, this program is critical to the safety and security of America’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.108 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5802 June 27, 2018 
citizens. Military tactical EOD units and public safety bomb squads deserve the best tools and equipment we can provide so they are able to neutralize, disable, dismantle, render safe, and ex-ploit improvised explosive devices and explosive ordnance both at home and abroad. My amendment will ensure they receive the equipment upgrades and technology enhancements they need. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, impro-vised explosive devices continue to be used by terrorists against our forces, which is why the bill includes $150 mil-lion for technologies to combat ter-rorism, including investments to counter improvised explosives. The ad-ditional funds will be helpful to de-velop technologies to help protect our troops. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gen-tleman’s dedication to this issue, and I also thank him for his previous service in the Army as an explosive ordnance disposal technician. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to ac-cept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 17 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $50,000,000) (increased by $50,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the Rules Committee for making my amendment in order, as well as Chair-woman G
RANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their hard work on this important Defense Appropriations bill. Mr. Chairman, I offer this bipartisan amendment with my good friends Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. L IEU, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. RATCLIFFE , and Ms. S TEFANIK in order to support the DOD Cyber Schol-arship Program. Since 2001, DOD has funded the Infor-mation Assurance Scholarship Pro-gram, or ASP, in order to boost the Na-tion’s cyber workforce through schol-arship and capacity-building grants. Scholarship recipients are required to fulfill a service obligation by working in a cybersecurity position at DOD upon graduation. This program has been extremely successful, bringing nearly 600 students into the DOD workforce. However, due to budget constraints, the Department reduced funding for the program begin-ning in 2013 and stopped recruiting new students. Now, this program received $7.5 million in 2005, its peak funding level, but for FY 2017, it received a mere $500,000. The cybersecurity challenges that we face, Mr. Chairman, are growing every day. This scholarship program will help ensure that students are encouraged to pursue degrees in cybersecurity-related fields and that more of them can then work defending our Nation. Across every industry, across the public and private and nonprofit sec-tors, qualified cybersecurity profes-sionals are, indeed, in short supply, and the Department of Defense must com-pete for this very small pool of can-didates. These funds will assist in alle-viating the challenges that the Depart-ment of Defense is experiencing in re-cruiting and retaining cybersecurity personnel by providing additional op-portunities to develop a qualified cyber workforce and expanding awareness at public educational institutions. Mr. Chairman, in last year’s National Defense Authorization Act, we reinvig-orated the funding while simulta-neously expanding it to include stu-dents pursuing associate’s degrees so as to tap into a larger candidate pool. The committee also made in order a similar amendment in last year’s ap-propriations bill to ensure the newly reauthorized expanded program would be appropriately funded. It was passed by the whole House during amendment consideration, and we aim to do the same this year to finally get this crit-ical program back off the ground. Cybersecurity, Mr. Chairman, is the national security and economic secu-rity challenge of the 21st century, and every armed conflict today and in the future will include a battle in this do-main. It is incumbent upon Congress to recognize this fact and appropriately support USCYBERCOM and our other cyber defenders. All the policies in the world, though, are meaningless with-out personnel to execute them, and this amendment makes vital invest-ments in our human capital. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan effort. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent that my amendment be with-drawn. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Rhode Island? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. The Chair understands that amend-ments No. 19 and No. 20 will not be of-fered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 32, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I spoke a little bit earlier on the cyber scholarship program, so I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I agree that cybersecurity is a very im-portant national security issue. The scholarship program will help in at-tracting and retaining a cyber work-force. I appreciate the gentleman’s dedication the issue. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to ac-cept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her support and her work, along with Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY ’s work on the De-fense Appropriations bill, and in par-ticular their support of the Assurance Cyber Scholarship. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). The amendment was agreed to. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ) having assumed the chair, Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.112 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5803 June 27, 2018 
ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 970, INSISTING DEPART-MENT OF JUSTICE COMPLY WITH REQUESTS AND SUBPOENAS Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–791) on the resolution (H. Res. 971) providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 970) insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the subpoena issued by the Committee on the Judiciary relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by personnel of the Department of Justice and related matters, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 964 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6157. Will the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) kindly resume the chair. b1758 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. L
EWIS of Min-nesota (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 21 printed in House Re-port 115–785 offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 115–785. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 75, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of my amend-ment which would increase funding for the Department of Defense’s Sexual As-sault Prevention and Response pro-grams. The men and women of our Armed Forces sacrifice a great deal to serve our country. When they enlist, they do so knowing that they may be sent into violent and dangerous situations to confront an adversary. What they do not sign up for is the violence of being sexually assaulted by one of their own fellow servicemembers. We need to do better by all those who wear the uniform. I am encouraged that the Department of Defense has es-tablished Sexual Assault Prevention and Response program to prevent these crimes from occurring, and to ensure that victims have the resources they need to recover should an incident occur. But the number of servicewomen and -men who experience sexual assault in the military remains staggering. Last year alone, the Department of Defense received over 6,750 reports of sexual as-sault involving servicemembers. Mean-while, DOD estimates that only one in three servicemembers who experience a sexual assault file a report. Clearly, sexual assault remains a se-rious issue in the Armed Forces. With over 1 million Active-Duty troops, and over 800,000 serving in the Guard and Reserves at installations all over the world, sexual assault prevention and response programs require our full sup-port and funding. We must provide the best possible care and resources for our servicemembers who are dutifully and honorably serving and defending the United States. That is why my amendment would increase funding for these worthwhile and vital programs, to ensure that they are there when servicemembers need them. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, sexual as-sault remains a serious problem in the military and one that we must con-tinue to be addressing. The Depart-ment has implemented a number of measures to prevent and reduce sexual assault incidents, prosecute perpetra-tors, and better respond to victims. De-spite this, there is still more to be done. This bill provides $318 million, which is $35 million above the President’s re-quest for Sexual Assault Prevention and Response programs at the service level and at the Department of Defense Sexual Assault Prevention and Re-sponse program office. I agree that this is a critical issue that requires attention at the highest level. All of the military services must continue to address incidents of sexual assault and make clear that the mili-tary has zero tolerance for such behav-ior. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to accept the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentlewoman for her support and the support of the committee as well as the Rules Com-mittee in moving forward this impor-tant amendment. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 115–785. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 24 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the procure-ment, the deployment, or the research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation of a space- based ballistic missile intercept layer. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, my straightforward amendment would pro-hibit the misguided use of taxpayer dollars to attempt to develop a space- based missile defense intercept layer. As the Chair knows, the Senate- passed version of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 tasks the Missile Defense Agency with developing such a concept. Mr. Chairman, we have been here be-fore. The idea of a space-based inter-cept layer has gone in and out of fash-ion for the last 30 years, ever since President Reagan called for defending the United States against a massive first strike by developing a Strategic Defense Initiative system, commonly known as Star Wars. But every time technologically com-petent outside experts have looked at this space-based concept, they deem it unworkable, impossibly expensive, vul-nerable to simple countermeasures, easy for an opponent to destroy, easy to overwhelm with a small number of enemy missiles, or all of the above. In fact, the former Director of the Missile Defense Agency, Admiral Syring said in 2016, that he had: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.117 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5804 June 27, 2018 
Serious concerns about the technical feasi-bility of interceptors in space, and its long- term affordability. 
In order to reach an incoming bal-listic missile during the first few min-utes of flight, a large number of inter-ceptors must be stationed in low-alti-tude orbit where they will be very easy for an enemy to destroy. A report conducted by the American Physical Society in 2003 concluded that in order to ensure full coverage, a fleet of 1,000 or more orbiting satellites would be required to intercept just a single missile. To put that in perspective, the United States today currently has slightly more than 800 satellites in Earth’s orbit, and that includes com-mercial, scientific, and military sat-ellites. The National Academy of Sciences estimated that even an austere and limited network of 650 satellites would cost $300 billion, or roughly 10 times the cost of a ground-based system. Setting aside the massive cost, a space-based missile defense system has inherent vulnerabilities that greatly limit its effectiveness. Even with thou-sands of interceptors deployed, only a few would be within range to target an incoming missile, and those could eas-ily be overwhelmed by the launch of several missiles from one location. And because interceptors must be stationed in low-altitude orbit, they could easily be detected, tracked, and destroyed. It is these limitations that led Admiral Syring to conclude that: 
Essential space-based interceptor tech-nologies have been worked on only sporadi-cally over the years and, consequently, are not feasible to procure, to deploy, or operate in the near or midterm. 
There is no doubt that a ballistic missile defense, if technologically fea-sible and economically justifiable, would be an important priority for our national security. So would be the Star Trek warp drive, or the transporter, if they were not technological fantasies. But as a scientist, and, in fact, the only Ph.D. physicist in the U.S. Con-gress, I think that we have to listen to the experts and do our homework be-fore investing hundreds of billions of dollars attempting to develop an un-workable system. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me and vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, as noted by Secretary of Defense Mattis: 
Space is a contested domain by our stra-tegic competitors just like air, land, and sea. 
This dangerous amendment would place our country at a disadvantage with our strategic competitors by lim-iting the work that can be done to con-tinue our efforts in protecting our dominance in space, and, further, from protecting our homeland from inter-continental ballistic missiles. With the significant advances being made today by our adversaries in key areas, such as hypersonic weapons and expanding nuclear weapon prolifera-tion, we must not restrict the Defense Department from pursuing options to deploy directed energy in space or any other capability that would result in the possibility of boost-phase capa-bility that could be deployed from space. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, is against even the possibility of inves-tigating and going down this road. House authorizers and appropriators understand the importance of employ-ing a layered missile defense capa-bility, and this dangerous amendment would significantly constrain options for developing critical defensive capa-bilities in a gap of our current ballistic missile defense system. A proponent of boost-phase missile defense, General Hyten, the com-mander of Strategic Command testified this year that: The day you can actually shoot a missile down over somebody’s head and have that thing drop back down on their heads, that will be a good day. Because as soon as you drop it back on their heads, that is the last one they are going to launch, especially if there is something nasty on top of it. I think directed energy brings that to bear, although such weapons do not yet exist in the U.S. ar-senal. 
Finally, I would also point out that the issue of space-based intercept was debated at length last year, passed with bipartisan support in the House Armed Services Committee, and that the National Defense Authorization Act last year passed with broad bipar-tisan support on the House floor. This year, the Senate Armed Services Committee has also provided broad bi-partisan support on this critical, tech-nological development area. Now, is not the time to curtail this emerging potential capability. Mr. Chair, I would urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I spent most of my career as an energy par-ticle physicist and accelerator de-signer, designing and building complex technical systems. Nothing is less pro-ductive as a use of taxpayer money than designing and building a system, attempting to build a system that you know from the outset cannot and will not work. If there was suddenly a magic new technology, then we can revisit this de-cision. But the fundamental physics and the fundamental numerology of the attack versus defense balance in this has not changed in the last 30 years as we have examined this issue. So I think that just because it would be nice if we could magically drop a launch missile back on the enemy’s head, if we do not have plausible tech-nology that could accomplish that, doing paper designs of systems that will not work is a blatant waste of tax-payer money. Again, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, well, let me just conclude by saying in oppo-sition, if it hasn’t been developed yet, you don’t know that it doesn’t work. We have hundreds or even thousands of bright minds. I appreciate my col-league’s credentials, but we have hun-dreds of scientists and engineers work-ing in the Missile Defense Agency and at the government-sponsored labora-tories and in other parts of the defense community in the private sector, and at the Department of Defense in the government sector, and there are possi-bilities here that are being pursued that have great promise, have great po-tential. I think it would just be the height of foolishness to cut it off all right now when there is not even any money being appropriated for this. It is just even the possibility that the gentleman is trying to cut off, when we have po-tential for something that would be helpful to saving our homeland, and making those who want to rain mis-siles on us have to suffer the con-sequences of those missiles coming back down on themselves. So we shouldn’t foreclose the possibility and shut the door. Mr. Chairman, I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I think this all comes down to technical feasibility. Whenever you are thinking of how to spend taxpayer money, you must make a judgment call as to what things are just way out there and are not going to happen in our lifetimes, and things which have a realistic chance of work-ing on the time scale that we are plan-ning for. And when all of the experts that you convene to look at this unanimously say that this system makes no sense, then it makes no sense to spend tax-payer money until we get the break-throughs that might some day make it possible. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. b1815 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.121 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5805 June 27, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield to my colleague from Illinois for a colloquy. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Indiana for yield-ing. As the only Ph.D. physicist in Con-gress, I would like to take a moment to highlight the risks of underfunding both nuclear nonproliferation and de-tection. When discussing the dangers of nu-clear weapons, we often overfocus our attention on missiles and missile de-fense. Unfortunately, proliferation challenges are changing significantly, and there are, unfortunately, many ways to deliver a nuclear weapon, for example, the smuggling of nuclear ra-diological materials into the United States through our maritime ports or borders or through the use of commer-cial and recreational vehicles to de-liver waterborne nuclear devices. We must focus our resources on de-veloping and deploying technologies that will lead to a substantial improve-ment in our ability to detect, verify, and monitor fissile material and de-vices. And we must continue to strengthen our workforce at our na-tional laboratories by continuing to re-cruit the best and the brightest tech-nical experts. I note that much of this expertise is the same as will be required to ensure complete, verifiable, and irreversible dismantlement of North Korea’s nu-clear weapons programs and their nu-clear weapons. We can have the most expensive mis-sile defense system in the world, but unless we address these unconventional threats as well, it is simply a false sense of security. So it is my hope that, by raising these concerns and rebalancing our spending, we will continue to develop new and innovative ideas to detect and monitor the nonproliferation of nu-clear weapons and materials and, ulti-mately, make the world a safer place. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman’s comments and acknowledge his expertise as a fel-low member of the Nuclear Security Working Group. I am grateful that Mr. F
OSTER has raised the important subject of nuclear smuggling and for his continued com-mitment to addressing nuclear security issues. We must be relentless in devel-oping the technologies that will help us identify and counter nuclear smuggling before dangerous materials fall into terrorist hands. The 2018 Nuclear Posture Review ac-knowledges the importance of non-proliferation and countering nuclear terrorism. But I do not believe the doc-ument is forward-thinking enough when it comes to developing a plan to address future threats. We must con-tinue to invest in research and develop-ment of nonproliferation technologies so we will have the tools that we need to keep our Nation secure in an in-creasingly complex nuclear environ-ment. Again, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s raising it, and I yield back the balance of my time. AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to procure, or to ex-tend or renew a contract to procure, any good or service from Zhongxing Tele-communications Equipment Corporation, ZTE Kangxun Telecommunications Ltd., or Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, ZTE and Huawei Technologies are owned by the Chinese Government. Time and time again, we have seen that these companies, along with many others, abuse and manipulate their placement in the market to attack sensitive American communications, the tech-nology sector as a whole, and our na-tional critical infrastructure. There is no partisan disagreement on this point. Congress has been briefed many times on Chinese cyber attacks, espionage, and trade secret theft. We all know this is a problem. It is there-fore astonishing, Mr. Chairman, that it is still possible that U.S. taxpayer dol-lars could be used to buy goods and services from these two bad apples. My amendment would change that. Put simply—and it is very simple, Mr. Chairman—my amendment would pre-vent funds under this act to procure any goods or services from these two companies. This should be the start of a larger, coordinated effort to harden our defense supply chain, sensitive communications networks, and critical industries and infrastructure from modern threats, whether they come from China or anywhere else. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with my friends and col-leagues in both parties in making that a reality, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman’s amendment reaffirms ex-isting DOD policy and supports the House NDAA, which also includes this provision. Mr. Chairman, I support the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . WITTMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of amendment No. 26 and seek time to speak in support. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 24, line 1, strike ‘‘(CVN 80)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of amendment No. 26 to pro-vide cost-effective funding for the Navy’s fourth Gerald R. Ford-class air-craft carrier, CVN–81. Let me be clear. Amendment No. 26 does not add any additional funding to the carrier replacement program line for fiscal year 2019. None. Not one dol-lar. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found amendment No. 26 would not score; it would not change the overall level of budget authority or outlays in the bill in fiscal year 2019. According to the Parliamentarian, this is simply a perfecting amendment to allow for already appropriated funds to be used for both CVN–80 and CVN–81. I believe it is possible to be both a de-fense hawk and a fiscal hawk. My amendment supports both positions. For defense hawks, amendment No. 26 fulfills a critical need for our U.S. Navy. The Navy’s most recent force structure assessment identified a need to maintain 12 aircraft carriers to meet combatant commanders’ needs and ad-dress a growing demand for U.S. pres-ence around the world. However, under the current shipbuilding and ship re-tirement plans, the Navy would dip below 12 aircraft carriers beginning in 2025 and would atrophy to just 9 air-craft carriers by 2048. This is simply unacceptable. By procuring an additional aircraft carrier now, we better position the Navy to meet future requirements. By supporting a strong aircraft carrier base, we also show a commitment to the aircraft that operate from the car-rier. The F–35 Joint Strike Fighter, the FA–18 E/F Super Hornet, EA–18G Growler, MH–60S Knighthawk heli-copter, MH–60R Seahawk helicopter, as well as the E–2C/D Hawkeye aircraft all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.124 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5806 June 27, 2018 
require an aircraft carrier to operate in the Navy. For fiscal hawks, the numbers are clear. A two-ship buy of CVN–80 and CVN–81 saves more than $1.6 billion in shipbuilder costs when compared to single ship procurements. When gov-ernment-furnished equipment is in-cluded, the total savings are projected to reach $2.5 billion. Additionally, in-creasing the build rate encourages the shipbuilder and suppliers to make cap-ital investments that produce produc-tion efficiencies and reduce costs for these and future ships in the Ford class. We already have had great congres-sional support on this very issue. In December 2017, I led a letter with 131 House signatures to Department of De-fense Secretary Mattis in support of this same dual aircraft carrier buy ap-proach. This same provision also was included in the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. And H.R. 5515, which recently passed the House by an overwhelming bipar-tisan margin of 351–66 on May 24 of this year, is a signal of what needs to be done. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, but I do not plan to oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I would like to use my time to express a note of caution to my colleagues. First, I am on record encouraging the Navy to look into constructing two aircraft carriers simultaneously. I understand the Navy is in the process of evaluating potential savings from a two-carrier buy, and I look forward to seeing that report. Secondly, I support the Navy’s fleet. Whatever the correct number may be in the end, the Navy definitely needs to have more ships to meet its mission. However, the construction of ships is very expensive. Even with the poten-tial savings from a two-carrier buy, the expected cost of those ships would probably exceed $10 billion apiece. We also have a bulge coming up in the Navy’s shipbuilding plan, as construc-tion of the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine gets underway. I am not opposed to increasing the Navy’s shipbuilding budget in future years, but it needs to be done in a man-ner that is in step with the industrial base and strategic needs of the whole Department of Defense. Unfortunately, this body and the other body did not waive the last 2 years of the Budget Control Act. So I remind my colleagues that it is terrific talking about building more ships that we don’t have the money for. The fact is, next year, this bill, left uncertain, will have $71 billion less in it, if the re-strictions of the Budget Control Act are not changed. I also would point out that two of my colleagues, who will very briefly be of-fering another amendment, are also co-sponsors of an amendment that we will consider in a few minutes that will cut the carrier program this year by $49.1 million. I also would emphasize to my col-leagues who think we are not doing enough that the committee in the bill that is on the floor today has added $837,330,000 to the shipbuilding program that was recommended by the adminis-tration to be $21,000,871,437. And we have added two additional warships not requested by the administration. So to imply somehow that we are weak-kneed and not spending ade-quately on building ships in this coun-try is simply not true. I certainly sup-port the objectives of my colleagues, and that is to look at an expanding Navy. But we also have to consider where we are from a budgetary stand-point today and not necessarily vote later to cut the carrier program in the same year by $49.1 million. Having said that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I want to first of all state very clearly that, in my opinion, both the chair and ranking member are strong supporters of our Navy and of a strong national defense, and any push in terms of these amendments is not a criticism of them at all in terms of the great work that they and their staff do putting forward a Defense Appropriations bill. Again, very quickly, this amendment really just is an opportunity to try to take advantage of the savings that my friend, Mr. W
ITTMAN , described. Block buy purchases have been tre-mendously successful. The last block contract for Virginia class, the Block IV, the PEO of submarines, Dave John-son, was always very proud of the fact that we got 10 submarines for the price of 9 because of using the advantages of bulk purchases, which anyone who shops in Costco knows exactly what he was talking about. Again, that is a fact, that we achieved great savings by using the block buy purchase mechanism. So I certainly strongly support Mr. W
ITT-
MAN’s efforts here. Again, I note that the $49 million that Mr. V
ISCLOSKY talked about is in the amendment that is fast approach-ing, but it was not to cut the program; it was talking to the Navy, a recogni-tion that the change orders that oc-curred in the last carrier, which is first in class, will not occur to the same ex-tent. So we are really just talking about excess change orders, which, again, as the learning curve improves for carrier production, the Navy and the Armed Services Committee cal-culated would produce that kind of sav-ings without inefficiencies and without doing harm to the carrier program. So, again, I thank the chairwoman and the ranking member for supporting Mr. WITTMAN ’s amendment. I look for-ward to working together in terms of both committees to try to achieve the goals of a strong 355-ship Navy. b1830 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have re-maining. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 15 seconds remaining. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chair, I will be quick with my closing. The bottom line is we need these car-riers. We need $26 billion in the ship-building budget to reach 355 ships. So the $21 billion is admirable, but the pathway to get where we need to be of 355 is still out there for us. The chal-lenge that we face ahead must be taken head-on. This is the first step in doing that. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MRS . MURPHY  
OF FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 115–785. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $3,200,000)’’. Page 36, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. Page 36, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this bipartisan amendment, which I am proud to colead with Congressman B
ARRof Kentucky and Congresswoman S
INEMA and Congressman B IGGS of Ari-zona. This amendment would increase funding for the National Guard Counterdrug Program by $3 million and reduce funding for the operation and maintenance defense-wide account by a corresponding amount. If the amendment is adopted, the House will provide $200 million in budg-et authority for the National Guard Counterdrug Program, which is ap-proximately the amount that the Na-tional Guard Bureau indicates it can execute on an annual basis. My colleagues and I offered this amendment for a simple reason. We be-lieve the National Guard Counterdrug Program is important, that it is effec-tive, and, therefore, that it should con-tinue to receive robust funding. This is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.127 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5807 June 27, 2018 
especially true in light of the opioid epidemic that is harming so many com-munities and tearing apart so many families throughout this country, in-cluding in my district in central Flor-ida and in Mr. B
ARR’s district in cen-tral and eastern Kentucky. Under the program, the National Guard Bureau distributes the money it receives from Congress to the National Guards in the States and the terri-tories using a funding allocation model that examines the nature and scope of the drug problem in each jurisdiction. With this funding, National Guards may provide many different forms of authorized assistance to law enforce-ment agencies and community-based organizations, including analytical, reconnoissance, and training support. This program is effective because it is targeted and tailored. Each State uses its funding in a way that reflects the drug interdiction priorities of its Governors, the capability of its Na-tional Guard, and the needs of its law enforcement partners at the Federal, State, and local levels. For example, the Florida National Guard receives about $10 million a year under this program, which it uses to reduce the supply of and demand for il-legal drugs in the State. Since 2014, support provided by the Florida Na-tional Guard has been instrumental in over 2,000 arrests and the seizure of nearly $14 billion in illicit drugs, prop-erty, and cash. National Guards in other States have their own success stories as well. In conclusion, I hope my colleagues will support this bipartisan amend-ment, which is vital to our Nation’s ef-fort to disrupt and dismantle drug traf-ficking organizations and to protect our communities and our children from drug-related violence. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, this amendment increases funding for the National Guard’s Counterdrug Pro-gram. We are very supportive of the counterdrug program. The bill in front of us increases funding at the same level that passed the House last year. That being said, I understand this program is very important to many Members, and I support this amend-ment to provide a modest increase. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s support for this amendment, and I would just reiterate my view that the National Guard Counterdrug Program is important. I would respectfully ask my colleagues to support this amend-ment, which will help ensure this pro-gram is fairly funded. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands amendment No. 28 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 115–785. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 22, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,500,000)’’. Page 24, line 2, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $49,100,000)’’. Page 24, line 4, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $1,001,435,000)’’. Page 24, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $246,510,000)’’. Page 24, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. Page 24, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $685,825,000)’’. Page 26, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $386,325,000)’’. Page 27, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $30,900,000)’’. Page 29, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $73,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $26,100,000)’’. Page 32, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $159,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 964, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, this is a bipartisan, straightforward amend-ment that funds long-lead materials to boost construction of Virginia-class submarines to three per year, starting in 2022. This amendment comes in response to the adamant, persistent warnings of our combatant commanders in testi-mony before Congress—Admiral Harris of the Pacific Command and General Scaparrotti of the European Com-mand—that submarines are their num-ber one unfilled priority. This appropriations bill, unlike the NDAA, which passed 351–66, unfortu-nately, does not give the Navy the tools to answer that demand signal. Here is the reality: Today, the fleet has 52 subs. The two per-year build rate in this bill will result in a drop to 42 submarines in 2028, as shown on this chart from official numbers straight from the Navy, because subs are aging out faster than the two-per-year build rate can replace. My amendment does answer the de-mand signal of the COCOMs, raising the build rate to three per year at the earliest possible window, based on Navy analysis of industrial base capac-ity that was submitted to Congress last February. Mr. Chairman, right now, in real time, the next 5-year block contract is being negotiated, which will determine the Nation’s submarine construction until 2023. If this amendment fails, Members should be crystal clear that our Nation cannot get that time back to magically add subs later. It takes 5 years to build an attack sub, and this year’s bill coincides with block nego-tiations in a make-or-break moment. The offsets to pay for this amend-ment were part of the NDAA that a bi-partisan majority of us just passed on May 24 and do not—I repeat, do not— cut a single ship or plane from the base bill, despite some of the claims that are flying around regarding this amendment. In particular, a last-minute DOD let-ter out yesterday about out-year im-pacts is pure speculation. We will talk about this more later. I am proud to say that my amend-ment is supported by some of Amer-ica’s most distinguished Navy officers, the last two CNOs, Admirals Roughead and Greenert; the former Fleet Forces Commander, Admiral Robert Natter; and the former Commander of Sub Forces, Admiral Michael Connor; as well as the Navy League and the metal trades of the AFL–CIO. Mr. Chairman, they understood the urgency expressed by other COCOMs. Now the question is whether Congress will rise to the challenge they threw down. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITT-
MAN). Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, it really is this compelling argument: Are we, as a nation, willing to make the commitment to ensure our future na-tional security? Here is the deal: We are losing sub-marines at a breakneck pace because we are not building them fast enough to replace the ones that are retiring. In 2020, the Chinese—just the Chi-nese—will have 70 submarines. They are building them at a rate of six per year. So, by 2029, when we have 42, they will have 124. Are we willing to do that as a nation? Are we willing to take that risk? Are we willing to look at our children and grandchildren and tell them that, when we had a chance to do something, we didn’t do it? At 5:48 today, the United States Naval Institute news released an arti-cle that says: ‘‘Congress Faces Last Chance to Add 2 Virginia-Class Attack Subs to the Next Block Buy.’’ Last chance. Here is our chance to do what is right for the Nation. Here is our chance to do what is right for national security. Here is our chance to look at our chil-dren and grandchildren and tell them we did the right thing. We saw what was coming and we stood strong, and we built the submarines necessary to defend this Nation. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.131 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5808 June 27, 2018 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support just as strongly as my friend from Virginia in support of the amend-ment from my good friend from Con-necticut. Mr. Chairman, we have a serious strategic issue with respect to sub-marines. This amendment would give the Navy the option—just an option, Mr. Chairman, not a requirement—to procure submarines at a faster rate than it is currently planning right now. As we face bigger threats from China, from Russia, and in force projection in general, we need to look at all options, all especially when we are routinely briefed, as we all are on the Armed Services Committee, on the strategic deficiencies that we find right now. Finally, Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out and make sure everyone knows I have zero shipyards in Ari-zona. We do not build any ships in Ari-zona. We are landlocked. I support this amendment not just because I am a marine and because I am a patron; I think it is in the best interests of our country and national defense. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ). Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment. We have an opportunity that doesn’t come around all that often, thank God. Apparently, there are people who think this isn’t important to our national de-fense. I went up to an electric boat just 2 months ago. This is the most com-plicated machine ever designed, ever built in the history of the world. You don’t turn this on and off like a spigot of water. This is about saving our country. You heard the chairman talk about how we are falling behind as a country. How can we sit by and let this go? We must come together. We have to build this now or we are putting our country at risk. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Connecticut has 45 seconds re-maining. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I would like to commend both Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. W ITTMAN for their tireless effort on the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee. As they have already stated, our Navy is being squeezed and desperately needs more ships, especially sub-marines. Numerous civilian and mili-tary officials, including Secretary Mattis, have testified about the need for these submarines. The goal of this amendment to en-sure the Navy has the necessary re-sources in 2019 so that they can offi-cially pursue and negotiate the multiyear contract is extremely impor-tant. Again, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Connecticut and my col-league from Virginia for their hard work. Mr. Chair, following are my remarks in their entirety: I would like to commend both Mr. COURTNEY  and Mr. W
ITTMAN for their tireless work on the Seapower Subcommittee on the House Armed Services Committee supporting our nation’s Navy and our shipbuilding industrial base. As I have the honor of representing Newport News, Virginia, home to thousands of ship-builders, I appreciate their work and commit-ment to this issue. As Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. W ITTMAN have al- ready stated, our Navy is being squeezed and desperately needs more ships, especially Vir- ginia-class attack submarines. Numerous civil-ian and military officials, including Defense Secretary Mattis, have testified before Con-gress that we need more submarines. And that’s the goal of this amendment—to ensure that the Navy has the necessary resources in FY2019 that they would need in order to effi-ciently pursue and negotiate the next multiyear block contract in the early 2020. Specifically, this amendment provides fund-ing for a submarine reactor, industrial base support and other critical items. The amend-ment does not bind Congress or the Navy into any specific course of action. If the Navy opts not to pursue the option to purchase additional submarines, that reactor and other material purchases with these funds will be absorbed into submarines that the Navy has already contracted to buy. Our shipbuilding industrial base is critical to our national security. Making these invest-ments today will both save money for our Navy and provide more certainty for our ship-builders. This amendment is supported by unions, the Navy League, and retired flag offi-cers. Mr. Chair, we have heard warnings for years that our submarine fleet is at risk of dropping to levels that would make in incred-ibly difficult for the Navy to achieve its mis-sion. This amendment guards against that from becoming a reality. I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment so that Congress can preserve the op-tion for the Navy to build as many submarines as possible, and as cost-effective as possible, in the next five-year block contract. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I in-clude in the R
ECORD letters from Admi-ral Greenert, Admiral Roughead, and the two most recent CNOs, Admiral Natter and Vice Admiral Connor. 
JUNE2018. Hon. M
ACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee. Hon. R
OBERT WITTMAN , Chairman, Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee. Hon. A
DAMSMITH, Ranking Member, House Armed Services Com-mittee. Hon. J
OECOURTNEY . Ranking Member, Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommitee. D
EAR CHAIRMEN THORNBERRY AND WITT-
MAN, AND RANKING MEMBERS SMITH AND  C
OURTNEY , Thank you for your leadership in passing another timely and insightful NDAA for 2019. In my opinion your respective com-mittees have led the way in Congress in pro-posing strategic and coherent defense related legislation. I want to pass along my belief in the im-portance of this bill’s provision regarding the expansion of our undersea capabilities— particularly the submarine fleet. During my 40-year career, including my tenure as CNO, our Navy ‘‘owned’’ the Under-sea domain. Navy’s superiority in the under-sea domain has been unchallenged, predomi-nantly due to the excellence of the sub-marine force. This is no longer assured. Real threats are emerging—fast. Our industrial base builds the finest sub-marines in the world. Combatant Com-manders consistently request a robust sub-marine presence. And, the demand for sub-marine presence has grown even more since I retired in 2015. Navy’s recent Force Struc-ture Assessment, embraced by the Executive and Legislative Branches, validates a need for 66 submarines. The need is real and ur-gent. However, without near term additional legislative action our fleet is on track to reach 41 attack submarines by 2029. This will leave our future civilian and military leaders woefully short of a key platform to meet emerging challenges in the undersea (and surface) domain. The House 2019 NDAA recognized that sus-taining an SSN build rate of two-per-year would not arrest, and reverse, the decline in the undersea fleet. Authorizing additional resources for increased SSN production, spe-cifically preserving the option to use avail-able industrial capacity in 2022 and 2023 to reach a three-per-year build rate, is exactly the kind of thoughtful and tangible legisla-tive action, and messaging, we need. Again, your respective committees are leading the way. As Congress continues its work on de-fense authorization and appropriation in the near term, I would urge your colleagues to see the opportunity and flexibility inherent in this option—and support the plan laid out in the 2019 NDAA passed by the House. Our undersea superiority is being chal-lenged. The recent acknowledged loss of in-tellectual property (Sea Dragon) is a recent example. I urge the Congress to embrace this unique opportunity presented by the House 2019 NDAA. Our security depends on this sort of bold and innovative action. Sincerely, JONATHAN W. G REENERT , Admiral, USN (Retired). 
JUNE17, 2018. Hon. M
ACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee. Hon. A
DAMSMITH, Ranking Member, House Armed Services Com-mittee. Hon. R
OBERT WITTMAN , Chairman, Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee. Hon. J
OECOURTNEY , Ranking Member, Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee. D
EARCHAIRMEN THORNBERRY AND WITTMAN  
ANDRANKING MEMBERS SMITH AND COURTNEY : I appreciate your Committee’s and Sub-committee’s support of the U.S. Navy re-flected in your markup of the 2019 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). The National Security Strategy, National Defense Strategy and your NDAA address and articulate the realities of once again confronting peer adversaries. In that regard, our undersea dominance will be challenged aggressively and simultaneously in several geographic regions. Whoever controls the un-dersea domain and sea lanes vital to us and our allies will have the upper hand in crisis and conflict history bears that out and our time is no different. Investments in capabili-ties (sensors, communications, weapons and quiet propulsion, etc.) will matter greatly but submarine capacity, the number of sub-marines we have to dominate in dispersed ge-ographic areas, is vital. In confronting peer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.133 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5809 June 27, 2018 
adversaries at sea we must acknowledge and anticipate high-end, complex maritime war-fare will result in some loss of capital assets which cannot be replaced quickly. Our sub-marines, because of their lethality, will be aggressively hunted and we must anticipate losses in that force. The Navy’s recent Force Structure Assessment (FSA) validates the need for 66 attack submarines (I believe that number should be 72) yet we are on a path to 41 in 2029. The House 2019 NDAA recognizes this shortfall and thoughtfully and pru-dently seeks to enable increasing the Vir-ginia Class submarine build rate to three ships per year in 2022 and 2023 by authorizing expenditures to that end. Our peer adversaries are investing in re-search, technology and capacity. This is not what we think they will do, it is what they are doing. Our submarines and the industrial base that produces them are superior but we will need more of them and it in the coming years. We must continue to maintain our dominance and I urge your committee and your colleagues in the Senate and those on the House and Senate Appropriation Com-mittees to definitively provide for at least three submarines in fiscal years 2022 and 2023. The gap in submarine capacity between the U.S. and our peer competitors is growing to our disadvantage. Proactive investments must be made now to arrest that growing disparity in submarine force structure and avoid the consequences of being. for the first time in decades, at a disadvantage under the sea. Sincerely, G
ARYROUGHEAD , Admiral, U.S. Navy (Retired). 
JUNE12, 2018. Hon. M
ACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee. Hon. R
OBERT WITTMAN , Chairman, Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee. Hon. A
DAMSMITH, Ranking Member, House Armed Services Committee. Hon. J
OECOURTNEY , Ranking Member, Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee. D
EAR CHAIRMEN THORNBERRY AND WITT-
MAN, AND RANKING MEMBERS SMITH AND  C
OURTNEY : I am Robert J. Natter, Admiral, US Navy Retired. I am submitting to you my personal views and strong endorsement in support of one particular 2019 NDAA provi-sion regarding our nation’s submarine fleet. Firstly, I want you to know that I am not a submariner (I was a surface warfare officer); I am not a constituent; I do not live in a State that builds our nation’s submarines; and I do not consult for or represent in any way our two major submarine building ship-yards. I do address this important issue from my perspective as a former Seventh Fleet Com-mander dealing with, among other chal-lenges, North Korea, China, Freedom of Navigation operations around Taiwan and in Southeast and East Asia waters, and the readiness and combat planning associated with US Navy forces throughout Asia and In-dian Ocean waters. I was also Commander of US Fleet Forces Command for three years and in that capacity was responsible for training, equipping and deploying all US- based Navy forces in response to national tasking. Since I left the service, threats to our na-tion and our potential adversaries’ capabili-ties have increased significantly. In the meantime our forces, while improving tech-nologically, have diminished in numbers while being tasked at a level not seen since Cold War days. The Navy’s recent Force Structure Assessment clearly validates the need for increased ship and aircraft numbers to meet our defense needs. It also clearly validated the need for a MINIMUM of 66 at-tack submarines (SSNs). Having said that, we are now on a dangerous build slope of having only 41 SSNs by 2029. The House 2019 NDAA agreed that the current build rate of two submarines per year would not reverse the decline of our undersea fleet. Authorizing additional dollars for in-creased SSN production to reach a three-per- year build rate addresses our national secu-rity disadvantage while reducing the unit cost of these valuable assets. As you and your Committees work with the Appropri-ators I encourage all your fellow members to embrace and support the build plan called for in the 2019 House NDAA with its increased build rate for our SSN fleet. In my view, if there is sufficient funding for only one more weapon or ship system, that ship should be an SSN. This is due to its inherent surviv-ability, flexibility (anywhere on the globe) and effectiveness against the highest end threats. I urge you and your fellow Congressional leaders to convince your colleagues that this provision is necessary, cost effective, and the right thing to do for our country. Thank you for your continuing service to our nation and strong leadership in Congress on behalf of our defense needs. Most sincerely, ROBERT J. N ATTER , Admiral, US Navy Retired. 
JUNE12, 2018. Hon. M
ACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee. Hon. R
OBERT WITTMAN , Chairman, Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee. Hon. A
DAMSMITH, Ranking Member, House Armed Services Committee. Hon. J
OECOURTNEY , Ranking Member, Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee. D
EAR CHAIRMEN THORNBERRY AND WITT-
MAN, AND RANKING MEMBERS SMITH AND  C
OURTNEY : Thank you for passing the Na-tional Defense Authorization bill for FY2019 out of the House, especially the bill’s provi-sions relating to the needed expansion of our undersea fleet. Submarines are critically important to na-tional security. During my time as Com-mander of the Submarine Force from 2012 to 2015, I struggled to pace the growing under-sea needs of combatant commanders around the world. Many high priority missions can only be accomplished by submarines because peer competitors improved their anti-access technology and long-range strike capability. Submarine demand continues to grow. The most recent force structure assessment that increased the attack submarine requirement from 48 to 66. Without additional action, our undersea fleet will drop to 41 attack submarines in 2029. This reduced fleet size will leave our ci-vilian leaders and military commanders without the tools they need to keep ahead of changing threats and challenges around the globe. Mitigating this decline in the under-sea fleet should be a top priority for the Navy, the Congress, and our nation. The 2019 NDAA as passed by the House last month recognizes that simply sustaining the two-a-year production rate of Virginia-class submarines will not arrest the decline in our undersea fleet. By authorizing additional re-sources for increase submarine production, the bill preserves the option for utilizing available capacity in 2022 and 2023 to achieve a three-submarine build rate in those years. This will reduce the looming shortfall we face in the coming decade and help alleviate the mis-match in submarine demand and re-sources. As Congress continues its work on the de-fense authorization and funding measures in the weeks ahead, I would urge your col-leagues to support the plan you have laid out in the 2019 NDAA passed by the House. At a time when our nation’s leading edge in the undersea domain is being challenged by com-petitors around the world, this is an oppor-tunity that we cannot afford to miss. Sincerely, MICHAEL J. C ONNOR , Vice Admiral (ret), U.S. Navy. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Connecticut has ex-pired. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, again, I want to thank Mr. V
ISCLOSKY  and Ms. G
RANGER for the courtesy and, again, having parity in terms of the time. I realize this is an extraordinary situation. They have a lot of folks who want to take the opposite position, but this is a really good comity in terms of the field. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Is-land (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank the ranking member for his work on this Defense Appropria-tions bill as well as Congresswoman G
RANGER . In particular, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. C
OURTNEY , for his tireless work as the ranking mem-ber of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee and Mr. W
ITT-
MANfor his tireless work. Our submarines are the true unsung heroes of our naval fleet, and I know from firsthand experience because much of the critical fabrication work of these amazing submarines is done by my constituents in my home State of Rhode Island. Admirals continuously tell us that they cannot get enough submarines, which are desperately needed across the globe to protect the interests of the United States. In fact, they are only able to meet some 60 or 65 percent of the demands of the requests of the combatant commanders for the use of these submarines. Despite this urgent need, the number in our fleet is actually dropping. By 2028, it has been reported the number of submarines will drop from 52 to 42. So how can we support this near 20 per-cent drop when we have the ability to do something about it? Thankfully, there is a plan to close at least some of this gap by procuring additional submarines in 2022 and 2023. But we can’t increase our sub produc-tion by 50 percent on a dime. We need to make investments today if we are to be in a position to help reduce the bot-toming out of our sub fleet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.062 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5810 June 27, 2018 
The hardworking employees of our defense industrial base need to build additional capacity now. We need to act immediately if we are going to be in a position to provide more sub-marine reactors in the out-years. b1845 This amendment will ensure that we have the flexibility going forward. That is why we included similar lan-guage in this year’s National Defense Authorization Act, which overwhelm-ingly passed this Chamber. Mr. Speaker, the urgency is particu-larly evident because our adversaries are not standing still. DOD has esti-mated that China will have an esti-mated between 69 and 78 submarines in 2020, and the CSBA has estimated that they will have between 80 and 100 sub-marines somewhere between 2022 and the 2030 time frame. We cannot, in good conscience, ignore the startling growth of this adversarial fleet. Mr. Chair, subs not only deter our ad-versaries, but they also build up our al-lies and ensure a more prosperous, se-cure world. Funding our Virginia-class and Columbia-class programs must re-main an absolute priority. Anything less is an affront to our national secu-rity. This amendment continues our prac-tice of robust investment in our sub-marine fleet, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, may I ask the Chair how much time is re-maining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana has 1
3⁄4minutes remain-ing. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, having been pretty close to this issue over the last 12 years, I would like to add just a little bit of perspective in terms of this initiative which, again, started at the Seapower Subcommittee. The last two times block contracts were being negotiated was in 2007 and in 2012. In both instances, the Congress plussed up the budget for submarine construction exactly the same way we are doing it in this amendment: by funding long-lead materials; advanced procurement; purchase of a reactor, which will be built in Ohio, by the way. That gave the Navy the tools to in-crease their block buy. It was done, incidentally, over the objection of the Department of De-fense. I was there with Mr. Murtha and Mr. Y
OUNG who, again, decided to over-ride that objection at the time. That is when we went from one-sub-a-year to two-subs-a-year production. In 2012 we had a similar situation where the White House, the Obama ad-ministration, only requested nine subs in the next block contract, the block 4. Again, the two committees working to-gether boosted that block authority in appropriations to get to 10 a year. Again, that was over the objections of the Department of Defense. I realize we are going to hear a lot from my colleagues, my good friends, about Mr. Shanahan’s letter that ob-jects to my amendment. I would just say that that is not the first time we have heard that. Luckily, we have lead-ership in Congress which withstood those arguments. Otherwise, we would be in a worse predicament than we are today. Again, follow past precedent. The 23 bipartisan amendment cosponsors and I strongly urge adoption of this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I want to thank both the chair and the ranking member for the time they have allotted. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, this amendment increases funding for the Virginia-class submarine program by $1 billion, at the expense of other critical Navy and Air Force programs. The Department of Defense, Sec-retary of the Navy, Secretary of the Air Force, and the National Coast Guard Association of the United States all oppose this amendment. In fact, the Deputy Secretary of De-fense sent a letter detailing the harm-ful effects this amendment has on mul-tiple critical National Defense Strat-egy programs. His quote: ‘‘disrupt mul-tiple critical National Defense Strat-egy programs.’’ These are must-have programs, like the DDG 51 guided-missile destroyer, the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier, the Global Hawk, and the TAO fleet oiler, just to name a few. I have also received a letter from the National Guard Association opposing this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD the letters I received from the Deputy Secretary of Defense and the National Guard Association. 
DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE , Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. Hon. K
AYGRANGER , Chairwoman, Subcommittee on Defense, Com-mittee on Appropriations, House of Rep-resentatives, Washington. DC. D
EAR MADAM CHAIRWOMAN : The Depart-ment of Defense (DoD) objects to the pro-posed amendment by Representatives Court-ney and Wittman that cuts over $1 billion from the Fiscal Year (FY) 2019 President’s Budget. The FY 2019 cuts disrupt multiple critical National Defense Strategy (NDS) programs, including the carrier program and Air Force research and procurement. Com-bined with the out-year cost of finishing the incrementally funded submarines. the De-partment would be required to cut over $6 billion from multiple programs such as re-ducing, the buys of Arleigh Burke-class de-stroyers, oilers and fast frigates. The FY 2019 President’s Budget request supports a robust. balanced shipbuilding pro-gram. providing $23.7 billion for ten combat ships and eight support ships. including, two Virginia-class submarines. DoD is com-mitted to growing the size of the Navy, in-vesting over $20 billion per year across the Future Years Defense Program. Consistent with the NDS. Dolls request balances ship procurement with readiness and other sys-tems to be a more lethal joint force and meet future capabilities. The Virginia-class submarine provides cru-cial capabilities to the joint warfight. The current Navy fleet faces known shortfalls in attack submarine inventory in future years. However, in the FY 2019 President’s Budget we balanced the investment in this capa-bility against other critical capabilities in areas such as space and cyber, and in emerg-ing areas such as autonomy and artificial in-telligence. The Department appreciates Congressional support for growing the Navy’s fleet and en-suring robust future capabilities. Working together we will find solutions that make us stronger and safer. PATRICK M. S HANAHAN . 
NATIONAL GUARD ASSOCIATION OF  
THEUNITED STATES , INC., Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. K
AYGRANGER , Chairwoman, Subcommittee on Defense, Com-mittee on Appropriations, House of Rep-resentatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMADAM CHAIRWOMAN : On behalf of the 45,000 members of the National Guard Asso-ciation of the United States (NGAUS), I write today to express our opposition to the proposed amendment by Representatives Courtney and Wittman which provides fund-ing for long lead time materials to construct additional Virginia-class submarines in FY 2022 and FY 2023. We share the concerns of the Department of Defense as outlined in their June 26th let-ter of objection. Primarily, our concern cen-ters on the fact that while programmatic ad-justments are identified for the beginning of the program, this change will create an un-funded liability across the multi-year pro-curement cycle. As you know, the National Guard is often supplemented with Congres-sional assistance from your committee and I worry that creating such a large additional requirement will unduly force cuts in other critical defense funding over the next several years. I thank you and your staff for your efforts in writing this expansive and important piece of national security legislation. Thank you, as always, for your continued support of the men and women of the National Guard. My staff and I stand by to assist in any way, and I look forward to continuing our great work together. Sincerely, J. R
OYROBINSON , Brigadier General (Ret.), President, NGAUS. 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, not only does this amendment cut $1 billion from vital programs in FY19; it will leave future Congresses with at least a $6 billion shortfall. That is not the ap-propriate way to spend our taxpayers’ dollars. The Navy is not committed to fund-ing these two additional submarines in the future. In fact, the Statement of Administrative Policy on the House- passed NDAA specifically objects to adding two additional submarines above what is currently in the Presi-dent’s budget. This amendment takes $346 million that has been set aside for the reactor core for the last Nimitz-class carrier re-fueling overhaul. Delaying this pro-curement for yet another year hurts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.136 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5811 June 27, 2018 
this program and creates serious pro-duction gaps. This will directly impact the ability of the manufacturer to pro-vide Columbia-class core reactors in a timely manner, and it introduces risk to the schedule for the Columbia-class submarine program. That is unaccept-able. The amendment takes $315 million from other shipbuilding programs, funds that will have to be repaid in fu-ture years. It takes more than $245 mil-lion from the DDG 51 guided-missile de-stroyer program, a critical missile-de-fense-capable ship that is deployed throughout the world. This amendment is asking Congress to fund $1 billion now but create a bill for the future, a bill that will not be paid due to the imminent threat of the return of sequestration. Some Members have asked if we can just fix this amendment in conference. Let me be very clear on that point. The answer is no. We will not be able to fix the damage this amendment causes in conference. Should this amendment pass, all cuts will be included in the conference report. I received a letter today from Rep-resentative C
OURTNEY and Representa-tive W
ITTMAN asking me to reconsider my position on their amendment. Their letter says that this amendment doesn’t lock the Congress or Depart-ment into any course of action. That is not true. Who will pay for these subs, and where will they find the money? Cut-ting $1 billion out of critically impor-tant programs so the Navy can have options in future negotiations of addi-tional submarines is also irresponsible, especially when the Navy has neither requested nor budgeted them. Since when is it acceptable to give $1 billion to someone so they can have op-tions? Their letter also claims they have not heard of any concerns about the proposed first-year offsets. This is not true. In May of this year, the Navy warned that any reductions to the DDG 51 destroyer program will affect the ability of the Navy to achieve any— any—multiyear procurement savings. Mr. Chair, I will continue to oppose this amendment, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. I strongly urge my colleagues to reject this amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I would emphasize that I am strongly opposed to this amendment and join with the chairwoman. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentle-woman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member of the subcommittee, with whom I feel very privileged to work, for allowing me this time. I rise tonight in opposition to this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, first I want to say, I have the utmost respect for the many spon-sors of this amendment, and particu-larly Mr. WITTMAN and Mr. C OURTNEY . They have shown tremendous bipar-tisan support and leadership in their tireless support of the Navy. They are excellent in their roles on their com-mittees, and I consider them both great colleagues and friends. However, this amendment is the wrong way to support our Navy. The amendment would cut $1 billion in funding from a variety of extremely important Navy and Air Force pro-grams to fund advanced procurement for two Virginia-class submarines. While they have made an excellent case about how important strategically those submarines are—and I agree with them on that—the problem is that one of them will be the DDG 51 program, which is supported at Bath Iron Works. I am proud to be from Maine and to have Bath Iron Works and their excel-lent workforce in my district. The men and women of Bath Iron Works have been proving the adage ‘‘Bath Built is Best Built’’ for decades, and I oppose any efforts to cut from the DDG 51 pro-gram. My colleagues have said that this amendment is funded by potential multiyear procurement savings in fu-ture years in the targeted the pro-grams and, therefore, we should take that funding from these programs now. But the rationale ignores critical mili-tary and defense needs and the budgets that have been agreed upon. The amendment will abandon several agreed-upon key national defense pri-orities, including increasing the ships in our Navy, a critical priority. Ships that I am proud to say are being manu-factured, designed, and engineered by many hardworking men and women in my district. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to op-pose this amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment, which would add $1 billion in advanced procurement for two additional Vir-ginia-class submarines in FY 2022/23. The Navy has a substantial plan for submarines. It achieves the mission of a 355-ship Navy by 2050 and does it in a way that is fiscally responsible and provides for stability of the industrial base. In a letter from the Secretary of the Navy to Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , the Secretary states: ‘‘The FY 2019 Presi-dent’s budget provides sufficient fund-ing to procure the ships included in the FY19–FY23 Future Years Defense Pro-gram.’’ An advanced procurement amend-ment of $1 billion in FY19 and, by the way, an additional $6 billion tail, would take from much-needed programs that have already been considered by the committee. Additionally, it would jeopardize the future programs and as-sume risk in other areas. Mr. Chair, I certainly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this, and I will remind my Members, as my friend from Indiana mentioned, we have a cliff coming in 2020. Making a commitment to spend an additional $7 billion, which we don’t have, is not a good idea. We ought to be working on trying to resolve that cliff issue. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DIAZ-BALART ). Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Chair, the chairwoman, the ranking member, and I wholly support the U.S. Navy and, also, the Navy’s plan to get to the 355- ship number. This bill already supports the pur-chase of 12 new ships, including two new Virginia-class attack submarines. However, this amendment for an addi-tional two more Virginia-class subs will wind up cutting, as you heard, much- needed money from other vital pro-grams. The Department of Defense es-timates that it would cut $7 billion from other programs over the next 5 years, by the way, impacting military readiness and other vital equipment procurement. So, again, while we must obviously pursue an aggressive shipbuilding pro-gram, it must be balanced. The Vir-ginia-class sub is absolutely a critical national security capability, but we do not want to sacrifice other equally critical capabilities while we do that. Mr. Chair, I would respectfully urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s remarks. Mr. Chair, I would again emphasize, first of all, that the committee recog-nizes the needs of the United States Navy, and in the underlying legislation we have increased—increased—the ad-ministration’s request. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Indiana has expired. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, we have increased the underlying budget re-quest by $837 million, and we have added two ships. The best description for the amend-ment before us is shortsighted canni-balism. It eats other important Navy and Air Force programs in 2019 to feed the Virginia-class submarine. In doing so, it creates a myriad of problems in the out years. The chairwoman mentioned a num-ber of the programs that were cut in this proposal. I mentioned one in a pre-vious amendment. I would emphasize that some of the gross numbers that have been mentioned include a cut of $10.5 million from weapons procure-ment from the United States Navy. It does, I emphasize, cut from carriers $49.1 million. It takes $20 million from fleet oilers. It takes $26.1 million from our research and development from the Navy and $262.9 million from the Air Force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.138 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5812 June 27, 2018 
This is not new money. This is not free money. We are taking money from programs that need it in 2019. Mr. Chair, I would also point out that Mr. C
OURTNEY mentioned two letters that were referenced by the chair-woman. I would also reference two other letters. The suggestion was made that we hear from the administration all of the time. b1900 Well, Chairman M
CCAIN, in the Sen-ate, on May 30, 2017, heard from Admi-ral Richardson relative to the Navy’s unfunded priority list for fiscal year 2018. Admiral Richardson, who is Chief of Naval Operations, mentioned 38 pri-ority items for the United States Navy. It did not include this item. It included a request for an additional $4,796,000,000. It didn’t include this item. Mr. Chairman, I have a letter that was sent to Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  on February 22 of this year from Admi-ral Richardson for the Navy’s unfunded priority list for this year, 2019. It in-cludes 25 items. I have been scanning this with my bifocals, looking for this item of importance to the United States Navy, and I have not been able to find it in their request for an addi-tional $1,502,270,000. The sponsors’ claim that this gives the Navy the option to construct two additional Virginia-class submarines during the next 5-year block contract, cutting $1 billion for useful programs this year, to give the Navy an option to do something in 4 years, does not make a bit of sense to me. The sponsors say that this amend-ment sets the Navy up well for a multiyear procurement agreement, and I might not be able to argue that, in particular. However, in their quest to set that up, they are, in fact, damaging the ability of the United States Navy to set up a multiyear procurement pro-gram for the DDG–51 program. Mr. Chairman, for all of these rea-sons, I am strongly opposed to this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I urge the rejection of this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut will be postponed. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, earlier in this debate, we thanked all the members of the staff who made this great bill a reality through their good efforts: the professional staff, as-sociate staff, and all those who work in our personal offices. Again, I would like to do that on all of our behalf. Mr. Chairman, I especially thank Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member V
ISCLOSKY for their leadership, and the involvement of all those on the floor in the production of this bill. But, at this time, I would like to offer spe-cial recognition to one in particular: the late Stephen Sepp, the Appropria-tions Committee’s resident budget ex-pert. Sepp, as he was known by all, died earlier this month, but he left his mark on this bill and on our committee. His funeral was held today at St. Peter’s Catholic Church, in Olney, Maryland, and attended by hundreds of Members and his friends from Capitol Hill and the appropriations family. Among many things, Sepp was the caretaker of the all-important 302(b) sub-allocations. Through his careful work from his desk in the Capitol, up-stairs here, and from home, in the final months of his illness, he ensured that the Congress provided adequate fund-ing—may I say well over $1 trillion— not just for the Department of Defense, but for all 12 Appropriations bills. This, of course, required a deep un-derstanding of the policy and budg-etary needs of each and every aspect of these bills, and a base of knowledge and situational awareness of all the various political factors at play. He expertly maneuvered this huge respon-sibility with skill, savvy, and an im-mense amount of poise. Sepp embodied strength, facing both professional and personal challenges equally with grace and fortitude. In short, he made a difference in the lives of all he touched—literally millions— as well as the lives of Americans in every part of the country. We extend our love to his wife, Diem; his two children; and family. We will always remember him. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I simply want to follow the chairman’s remarks, and associate myself with his remarks relative to the staffer who has been lost. The chairwoman was kind enough in the general debate to mention the staff and the Members who have been so in-strumental in this work product, and I would be remiss if I did not conclude by again thanking the full committee chairman, as well as Mrs. L
OWEY . I can’t thank Chairwoman G
RANGER  enough. This has just been a pleasant and productive experience, and I appre-ciate her leadership very much. I ap-preciate the work of all of the members of the subcommittee, as well as all of our staff. That includes our clerks, Jennifer Miller and Rebecca Leggieri, as well as Walter Hearne, Brooke Boyer, B.G. Wright, Allison Deters, Collin Lee, Matthew Bower, Jackie Ripke, Hayden Milberg, Bill Adkins, Sherry Young, Barry Walker, Jennifer Chartrand, Chris Bigelow, Johnnie Kaberle, Jonathan Fay, Joe DeVooght, and Christie Cunningham. I can’t thank them enough. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WITTMAN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2385. An act to establish best practices for State, tribal and local governments par-ticipating in the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure; in addition, to the Committee on Homeland Security for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 27, 2018, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 2229. To amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for ju-dicial review of certain Merit Systems Pro-tection Board decisions relating to whistle-blowers, and for other purposes. H.R. 931. To require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a vol-untary registry to collect data on cancer in-cidence among firefighters. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Thursday, June 28, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JN7.139 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5813 June 27, 2018 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5320. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31195; Amdt. No.: 3801] received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5321. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31196; Amdt. No.: 3802] received June 26, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5322. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Greenwood, MS [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0994; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASO- 21] received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5323. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Flint, MI, and Establishment of Class E Airspace; Owosso, MI [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0020; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL- 28] received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5324. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace, Duncan, OK [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0100; Airspace Docket No.: 18-ASW-3] re-ceived June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5325. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D Airspace and Establishment of Class E Air-space; Norman, OK; and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Oklahoma City, OK [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0825; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASW- 12] received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5326. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0907; Product Identifier 2017- NM-069-AD; Amendment 39-19274; AD 2018-09- 17] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5327. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1246; Product Identifier 2017- NM-086-AD; Amendment 39-19297; AD 2018-11- 09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5328. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1175; Product Identifier 2017- NM-087-AD; Amendment 39-19300; AD 2018-11- 12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5329. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Boeing Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0413; Product Identifier 2018-NM-061-AD; Amendment 39-19283; AD 2018-10-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5330. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0776; Product Identifier 2017-NM-062-AD; Amendment 39-19264; AD 2018-09-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5331. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0779; Product Identifier 2017-NM-040-AD; Amendment 39-19301; AD 2018-11-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5332. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1421; Product Identifier 2014-NM-177-AD; Amendment 39-19302; AD 2018-11-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5333. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-1099; Product Identifier 2017-NM-093-AD; Amendment 39-19296; AD 2018-11-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5334. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0117; Product Identifier 2017- NM-104-AD; Amendment 39-19298; AD 2018-11- 10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5335. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1245; Product Identifier 2017-NM-099-AD; Amendment 39-19266; AD 2018-09-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5336. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0071; Product Identifier 2017-NM-063-AD; Amendment 39-19280; AD 2018-10-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5337. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1245; Product Identifier 2017-NM-099-AD; Amendment 39-19266; AD 2018-09-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5338. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0492; Product Identifier 2018-NM-083-AD; Amendment 39-19303; AD 2018-11-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5339. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0490; Product Identifier 2018-NM-018-AD; Amendment 39-19299; AD 2018-11-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5340. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; CFM International S.A. Turbofan En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0443; Product Identifier 2018-NE-14-AD; Amendment 39- 19286; AD 2018-10-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5341. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Aircraft Industries a.s. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0462; Product Identi-fier 2018-CE-017-AD; Amendment 39-19292; AD 2018-11-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5342. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-1063; Product Identifier 2017-SW-088-AD; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JN7.000 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5814 June 27, 2018 
Amendment 39-19291; AD 2018-11-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5343. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-3883; Product Identifier 2014-SW-029-AD; Amendment 39-19289; AD 2018-11-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5344. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0874; Product Identifier 2015- SW-082-AD; Amendment 39-19282; AD 2018-10- 07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5345. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Canada Lim-ited (Bell) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0667; Product Identifier 2016-SW-053-AD; Amendment 39-19281; AD 2018-10-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5346. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1163; Prod-uct Identifier 2017-CE-041-AD; Amendment 39-19260; AD 2018-09-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5347. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Safran Helicopter Engines, S.A., Tur-boshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0838; Product Identifier 2017-NE-33-AD; Amend-ment 39-19275; AD 2018-10-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5348. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Safran Helicopter Engines, S.A., Tur-boshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0838; Product Identifier 2017-NE-33-AD; Amend-ment 39-19275; AD 2018-10-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5349. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0373; Product Identi-fier 2018-CE-009-AD; Amendment 39-19278; AD 2018-10-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5350. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0372; Product Identi-fier 2018-CE-011-AD; Amendment 39-19279; AD 2018-10-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5905. A bill to authorize basic research programs in the Department of Energy Office of Science for fiscal years 2018 and 2019; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–787). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5907. A bill to provide directors of the National Lab-oratories signature authority for certain agreements, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–788). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5346. A bill to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for licenses and experimental per-mits for space support vehicles, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–789). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5729. A bill to restrict the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric transportation security cards until after sub-mission to Congress of the results of an as-sessment of the effectiveness of the transpor-tation security card program; with an amendment (Rept. 115–790, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 971. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 970) insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, in-cluding subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the subpoena issued by the Committee on the Judiciary re-lating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by personnel of the Department of Justice and related mat-ters (Rept. 115–791). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. C ARSON of In-diana, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. S IRES, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
LAY, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 6236. A bill to require the reunifica-tion of families separated upon entry into the United States as a result of the ‘‘zero- tolerance’’ immigration policy requiring criminal prosecution of all adults appre-hended crossing the border illegally, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 6237. A bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for intel-ligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Commu-nity Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Dis-ability System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. R
USH, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , and Mr. T AKANO ): H.R. 6238. A bill to secure the rights of pub-lic employees to organize, act concertedly, and bargain collectively, which safeguard the public interest and promote the free and unobstructed flow of commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C ARSON of In-diana, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Mr. L
YNCH , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JN7.000 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5815 June 27, 2018 
NORTON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P A-
NETTA , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R
ASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. S OTO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. N
EAL, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H
ECK, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. B ASS, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. H OYER , Mr. K IND, Mr. L
AMB, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. M
OULTON , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K
EATING , Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. C
ORREA ): H.R. 6239. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to provide for ad-ditional disclosure requirements for corpora-tions, labor organizations, Super PACs and other entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Financial Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia): H.R. 6240. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for certain user fees under the 340B drug discount pro-gram; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6241. A bill to prohibit certain busi-ness concerns from receiving assistance from the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. COOK (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 6242. A bill to amend part A of title IV of the Social Security Act to clarify the au-thority of tribal governments in regard to the Temporary Assistance for Needy Fami-lies program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mr. MCGOVERN ): H.R. 6243. A bill to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to eliminate the repatriation loan program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. EMMER (for himself, Mr. P
AUL-
SEN, Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. W ALZ): H.R. 6244. A bill to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Court-house’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas: H.R. 6245. A bill to require access to Fed-eral facilities by Member of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico (for herself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor-ida, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. B ACON , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. P
LASKETT , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. T
ROTT , Ms. E STYof Con-necticut, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B ROWN of Mary-land, Mr. D
ENHAM , and Mr. T AYLOR ): H.R. 6246. A bill to enable the admission of the territory of Puerto Rico into the Union as a State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 6247. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to reduce the minimum age at which a widow or widower may re-marry and remain eligible for benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana): H.R. 6248. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require radio and tele-vision broadcasters to provide free broad-casting time for political advertising, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, and Ms. P INGREE ): H.R. 6249. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to treat certain foreign-owned corporations and business or-ganizations as foreign nationals for purposes of the ban on campaign activity, to prohibit foreign-affiliated section 501(c)(4) organiza-tions from making contributions to super PACs or disbursing funds for independent ex-penditures or electioneering communica-tions, to amend the Foreign Agents Reg-istration Act of 1938 to reform the proce-dures for the registration of agents of foreign principals under such Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. P OSEY , Miss R
ICEof New York, and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ): H.R. 6250. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for lifelong learning accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for himself, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, and Mr. C ICILLINE ): H.R. 6251. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to permanently appro-priate funding for the administrative ex-penses of the Social Security Administra-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, Rules, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CEACHIN (for himself and Mr. F
ASO): H.R. 6252. A bill to amend the Lead-Based Paint Poisoning Prevention Act to provide for additional procedures for families with children under the age of 6, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6253. A bill to prohibit the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services from using any Federal funds to conduct or sup-port a video contest on the Internet or by means of other media; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Edu-cation and the Workforce, and Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. R
USH, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. S ARBANES , and Ms. E
SHOO ): H.R. 6254. A bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to promulgate reg-ulations to ensure access to voice service in order to facilitate communications between, and reunification of, alien guardians and alien children, to provide for certain require-ments relating to inmate calling services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SOTO (for himself and Mr. G
AETZ ): H.R. 6255. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish measures to com-bat invasive lionfish, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JN7.100 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5816 June 27, 2018 
By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. M OORE , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H.R. 6256. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to allow Mem-bers of Congress to tour detention facilities that house foreign national minors; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana): H.J. Res. 136. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States waiving the application of the first article of amendment to the political speech of corporations and other business or-ganizations with respect to the disbursement of funds in connection with public elections and granting Congress and the States the power to establish limits on contributions and expenditures in elections for public of-fice; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. B UCK, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B RAT, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. S
CALISE , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. G
RIFFITH ): H. Res. 970. A resolution insisting that the Department of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence and the subpoena issued by the Committee on the Judiciary relating to potential viola-tions of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act by personnel of the Department of Justice and related matters; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. HULTGREN introduced a bill (H.R. 6257) for the relief of Judge Neringa Venckiene, who the Government of Lith-uania seeks on charges related to her pursuit of justice against Lithuanian public officials accused of sexually molesting her young niece; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. BASS: H.R. 6236. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This resolution is enacted pursuant to the power granted in Congress under Article I, Section 1. By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 6237. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States government are carried out to support the national secu-rity interests of the United States, to sup-port and assist the armed forces of the United States, and to support the President in the execution of the foreign policy of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States provides, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States’’; ‘‘. . . to raise and support armies . . .’’; ‘‘To provide and maintain a Navy’’; ‘‘To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’; and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all other Pow-ers vested in this Constitution in the Gov-ernment of the United States, or in any De-partment or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6238. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 6239. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6240. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6241. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COOK: H.R. 6242. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 6243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 6244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, 7 & 18; Arti-cle IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas: H.R. 6245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6246. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘New States may be admitted by the Con-gress into this Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or Parts of States, without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of the Congress.’’ Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 6247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other power vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 4 of Article I By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 6250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 6251. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress) By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 6252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. That provision gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 6255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JN7.100 H27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5817 June 27, 2018 
Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: H.R. 6256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 6257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-stitution provides that Congress shall have power ‘‘to establish an uniform rule of natu-ralization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ By Ms. KAPTUR: H.J. Res. 136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 50: Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 154: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 173: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 184: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 237: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 569: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 592: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 754: Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 930: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 959: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 972: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 1150: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 1204: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1247: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1318: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 1337: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 1409: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1511: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1606: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1683: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1734: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 1789: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 1874: Mr. S
ERRANO and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2272: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2345: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. C LEAVER , and Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 2416: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts. H.R. 2591: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 2598: Mr. C
LAYand Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2719: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2871: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 2895: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2976: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 3309: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 3310: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 3378: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 3593: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 3923: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 4099: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4704: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4737: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 4843: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4940: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4969: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4985: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 5004: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 5011: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 5058: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 5105: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5107: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 5145: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5160: Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P
ETERS , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ . H.R. 5191: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5248: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5270: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 5359: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5385: Mr. U
PTON , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 5460: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 5521: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. D
AVIDSON , and Mrs. L ESKO . H.R. 5574: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 5576: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 5595: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 5634: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5648: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5671: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. R
UIZ, and Mr. W ALDEN . H.R. 5814: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 5819: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 5855: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5898: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 5905: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 5906: Mr. A
BRAHAM and Mr. C ULBER -
SON. H.R. 5907: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 5922: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 5948: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 5949: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 5988: Mrs. N
OEM and Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 6012: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 6014: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. U PTON , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. R EED, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. M
ARINO , and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 6048: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 6062: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 6075: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 6103: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 6114: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 6121: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama and Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 6174: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 6178: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 6180: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. S OTO, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. V ELA, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. C ORREA , and Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN. H.R. 6190: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 6193: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 6197: Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 6207: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 6222: Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. S OTO, and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6223: Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. S OTO, and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6225: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.J. Res. 33: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S
INEMA , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. C
OSTA . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Ms. P INGREE . H.J. Res. 53: Mr. L
ANCE . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. S
HERMAN . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. C
ORREA . H. Res. 318: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H. Res. 673: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. S ESSIONS . H. Res. 914: Mr. E
MMER . H. Res. 927: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H. Res. 944: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 960: Mr. T
AKANO . H. Res. 962: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. D UNCAN  of South Carolina, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B
RAT, and Mr. Y OHO. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2069: Mr. K HANNA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN7.060 H27JNPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4459 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, 2018 No. 108 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, this day our hearts rise up to meet You, and our lips extoll Your wonderful works on the Earth. Great is Your faithfulness. Today may Your peace go with our lawmakers wherever You lead them, enabling them to feel the wonder of Your sacred presence. Lord, give them the wisdom to find true life in serving others, becoming Your ambassadors to our Nation and world. Inspire the hearts of our Senators to obey Your precepts, as they discover the delight of doing Your will. Help them to see that their well-being is inextricably bound to the well-being of their neigh-bors. Inspire them to share compas-sion, patience, and courage. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HONOR FLIGHT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is my privilege today to welcome a spe-cial group of visitors to Washington. Thanks to Honor Flight Bluegrass, more Kentucky veterans are touching down today in our Nation’s Capital. They are coming to remember fallen comrades and to visit the memorials dedicated to their own service. Earlier this month, I was lucky enough to spend time with a flight of World War II veterans who arrived in time for the 74th anniversary of D-Day. Today’s flight includes veterans of World War II, along with Korea and Vietnam. On behalf of the Common-wealth and all Americans, I am proud to thank them for their service. Next week, we celebrate our Inde-pendence Day. So let’s not forget that the freedoms we enjoy come at a cost. Let’s take time to thank the heroes who have paid it and those who con-tinue to pay it today. f 
FARM BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today the Senate will continue our work on the farm bill. The bipartisan collaboration of Chairman R
OBERTS  and Ranking Member S
TABENOW has given all Senators the opportunity to review and consider this important leg-islation. Now we start the amendment proc-ess. Ideas from many of our colleagues have already been included in the Rob-erts substitute amendment, but the bill managers are open to considering addi-tional amendments. We will start with the Thune amend-ment regarding the Conservation Re-serve Program and go on from there, but it remains our intention to finish consideration of the bill this week. This bill is too important to let it lan-guish. This is our chance to support the farm families, producers, and rural communities on whom our Nation de-pends. Make no mistake about it. They need that support. American farmers are staring down falling commodity prices and unstable markets and living under the constant threat of droughts, floods, or other nat-ural disasters. They are looking for certainty and predictability. This farm bill delivers. ‘‘The fact is, without the solid foun-dation of the farm bill and the cer-tainty it provides, many farmers and ranchers would not be able to get oper-ating loans to farm for another year.’’ Those are the words of the president of the American Farm Bureau Federa-tion, which passionately supports this bill. So do the agricultural equipment manufacturers. So do the National As-sociation of Counties. So do many other groups dedicated to agriculture, business, hunger prevention, and the health of rural America. That is because this legislation pro-vides the immediate assistance and stability that farmers count on to keep feeding and supporting this country right now and because it will empower our farmers and ranchers to invest for the future. Chairman ROBERTS described this perfectly yesterday. Here is what he said: ‘‘It takes the government pro-viding tools and then getting out of the producers’ way.’’ On the latter point, I am most ex-cited about a provision in this bill that will clear the way for the legal farming of industrial hemp by removing current roadblocks that prevent farmers, in Kentucky and around the country, from capitalizing on this promising crop. Since the 1970s, except in a few lim-ited cases, American farmers have not been able to grow industrial hemp in their fields. That doesn’t mean con-sumers aren’t buying hemp—far from it. Hemp is in everything from health products to home insulation. The glob-al market for hemp is estimated to consist of more than 25,000 products. According to one estimate, back in 2016, U.S. retail sales of hemp products totaled approximately $688 million. Last year alone, Kentucky hemp re-corded more than $16 million in prod-uct sales through the State’s pilot pro-gram. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.000 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4460 June 27, 2018 
So American consumers are buying hemp, but thanks to heavy-handed reg-ulations, the only option at scale is im-porting hemp from foreign producers. Enough is enough. Industrial hemp is a completely different plant than its il-licit cousin. It is time we get Wash-ington out of the way and let American farmers meet the growing demand of American consumers. In the last farm bill, I championed a hemp pilot program that opened the door to some exploration. I recently heard from a fifth-generation Ken-tucky farmer from Garrard County who participates in the program. Here is what he said: ‘‘We had no idea what it would turn into.’’ He said: Growing hemp has been ‘‘career-defining for me, beyond anything I’d ever imagined.’’ At a time when the farm economy is struggling, it is encouraging to hear such enthusiasm for a new potential cash crop. Another farmer from Marion County wrote and asked Congress to ‘‘continue your efforts until we can grow, re-search, and market this crop freely without undue restriction. We have barely scratched the surface of the countless benefits that come from this plant.’’ Hemp will be a bright spot for our fu-ture. It is full of economic potential in Kentucky and the Nation. So we should pass the farm bill without delay. Let’s address farmers’ immediate needs. Let’s give them new tools to help se-cure their future. Let’s get Washington out of the way in the cases where out-dated policies are holding them back. The bill before us is a prime example of the good that can come when we work together. I look forward to the Senate passing it for Kentucky’s farm families. So let’s continue our work to get it done. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week I have been discussing how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is creating breathing room in family budgets. Yes-terday I focused on the tax cuts them-selves. Lower rates, a doubled standard deduction, a bigger child tax credit add up to serious savings for middle-class families. Today I want to discuss the perma-nent pay raises, bonuses, and new bene-fits that tax reform has enabled U.S. businesses to provide for their workers. Remember, this is exactly what our Democratic colleagues insisted tax re-form would not—would not—bring about. To quote my friend, the Demo-cratic leader, right here on the Senate floor in December: ‘‘There is nothing about this tax bill that is suited to the needs of the American worker.’’ Well, Republicans knew better. We listened to the economists who ex-plained in an open letter that ‘‘the question isn’t whether workers will be helped by a corporate tax rate reduc-tion—it’s how much’’ they will be helped. The reason is simple. American workers can only thrive if the Amer-ican businesses that employ them are given the tools to compete and win on the world stage. Here is what they need to compete: a 21st century tax code. Most economists agree that the real impact of tax reform on workers’ wages is a long-term proposition. The wage gains will roll in over the months and years ahead, but it is remarkable how quickly a number of American busi-nesses made immediate investments in their workers. At Charter Communications, which employs 95,000 people Nationwide, the base wage has already risen to $15 per hour because of tax reform. Beginning in April, CVS imple-mented a new, fully paid parental leave program for full-time employees be-cause of tax reform. Educational opportunities are ex-panding for nearly 400,000 McDonald’s employees across the country, after tax reform allowed the company to ramp up tuition assistance. Tax reform has enabled LHC Group, a major healthcare employer with more than 50 locations and 3,600 employees in Kentucky alone, to expand raises for its employees and to grow the 401(k) options the company sponsors. Workers at businesses of every shape and size are being helped all across our country: bonuses at a grain merchan-diser in Chester, MT; a quarter-mil-lion-dollar expansion plan that creates 20 new jobs at a roofing company in Massillon, OH. It appears tax reform is very well-suited to the needs of Amer-ican workers after all. It is well-suited to the needs of hard- working parents who pocketed thou-sand-dollar bonuses to help with gro-cery bills and summer camp costs. It is well-suited to the needs of young Americans on the first rungs of the economic ladder, whose employer can now offer more help with continuing education. This might come as a surprise to our Democratic friends who opposed tax re-form at every turn. It certainly doesn’t surprise those of us who fought for the American people. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 483, H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3224 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute.) 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I call up the substitute amendment No. 3224. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. R OBERTS ] proposes an amendment numbered 3224. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3134 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3224 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up the Thune amendment No. 3134. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. T HUNE , proposed an amend-ment numbered 3134 to amendment No. 3224. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify conservation reserve program provisions) In section 2103, strike subsections (b) and (c) and insert the following: (b) S
PECIFIED ACTIVITIES PERMITTED .—Sec- tion 1233(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833(b)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (5); (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as sub-paragraph (C) and indenting appropriately; (3) by inserting before subparagraph (C) (as so redesignated) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.002 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4461 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(B) harvesting, grazing, or other commer-cial use of the forage, without any reduction in the rental rate, in response to— ‘‘(i) drought; ‘‘(ii) flooding; ‘‘(iii) a state of emergency caused by drought or wildfire that— ‘‘(I) that is declared by the Governor, in consultation with the State Committee of the Farm Service Agency, of the State in which the land that is subject to a contract under the conservation reserve program is located; ‘‘(II) that covers any part of the State or the entire State; and ‘‘(III) the declaration of which under sub-clause (I) is not objected to by the Secretary during the 5 business days after the date of declaration; or ‘‘(iv) any other emergency, as determined by the Secretary;’’; (4) in the matter preceding subparagraph (B) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (5) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (A) by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as so designated) the following: ‘‘(A) consistent with the conservation of soil, water quality, and wildlife habitat— ‘‘(i) managed harvesting and other com-mercial use (including the managed har-vesting of biomass), in exchange for a reduc-tion in the annual rental rate of 25 percent for the acres covered by the activity, except that in permitting those activities, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the State tech-nical committee established under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, shall— ‘‘(I) develop appropriate vegetation man-agement requirements; ‘‘(II) subject harvesting to restrictions dur-ing the primary nesting season for birds in the area, as determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the State technical com-mittee; ‘‘(III) not allow harvesting to occur more frequently than once every 3 years on the same land; and ‘‘(IV) not allow more than 
1⁄3of the acres covered by all of the conservation reserve program contracts of the owner or operator to be harvested during any year; and ‘‘(ii) grazing, in exchange for a reduction in the annual rental rate of 25 percent for the acres covered by the activity, except that in permitting that grazing, the Secretary, in consultation with the State technical com-mittee established under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, shall— ‘‘(I) develop appropriate vegetation man-agement requirements and stocking rates, based on stocking rates under the livestock forage disaster program established under section 1501(c) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(c)) (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘livestock forage disaster pro-gram’), for the land that are suitable for con-tinued grazing; ‘‘(II) identify the periods during which grazing may be conducted, taking into con-sideration regional differences, such as— ‘‘(aa) climate, soil type, and natural re-sources; ‘‘(bb) the appropriate frequency and dura-tion of grazing activities; and ‘‘(cc) how often during a year in which grazing is permitted that grazing should be allowed to occur; ‘‘(III) not allow grazing to occur more fre-quently than once every 3 years on the same land; ‘‘(IV)(aa) in the case of a conservation re-serve program contract that covers more than 20 acres, not allow more than 
1⁄3of the acres covered by all of the conservation re-serve program contracts of the owner or op-erator to be grazed during any year; or ‘‘(bb) in the case of a conservation reserve program contract that covers less than or equal to 20 acres, allow grazing on all of the land covered by the contract at 25 percent of the stocking rate permitted under the live-stock forage disaster program; and ‘‘(V) allow a veteran or beginning farmer or rancher to graze livestock without any re-duction in the rental rate; and’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) RESTRICTIONS AND CONDITIONS .—Para- graph (1)(A) shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions: ‘‘(A) S
EVERE OR HIGHER INTENSITY  
DROUGHT .—Land located in a county that has been rated by the United States Drought Monitor as having a D2 (severe drought) or greater intensity for not less than 1 month during the normal grazing period established under the livestock forage disaster program for the 3 previous consecutive years shall be ineligible for harvesting or grazing under paragraph (1)(A) for that year. ‘‘(B) D
AMAGE TO VEGETATIVE COVER .—The Secretary, in coordination with the applica-ble State technical committee established under section 1265(a), may determine for any year that harvesting or grazing under para-graph (1)(A) shall not be permitted on land subject to a contract under the conservation reserve program in a particular county if harvesting or grazing for that year would cause long-term damage to the vegetative cover on that land. ‘‘(C) S
TATE ACRES FOR WILDLIFE ENHANCE -
MENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the State technical committee established under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, may allow grazing or harvesting in ac-cordance with paragraph (1)(A) on land cov-ered by a contract enrolled under the State acres for wildlife enhancement program es-tablished by the Secretary or established under section 1231(j) through the duration of that contract, if grazing or harvesting is spe-cifically permitted under the applicable State acres for wildlife enhancement pro-gram agreement for that contract. ‘‘(D) C
ONSERVATION RESERVE ENHANCEMENT  
PROGRAM .—The Secretary, in consultation with the State technical committee estab-lished under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, may allow grazing or harvesting under paragraph (1)(A) to be conducted on land covered by a contract enrolled under the conservation reserve enhancement pro-gram established by the Secretary under this subchapter or under section 1231A, if grazing or harvesting is specifically permitted under the applicable conservation reserve enhance-ment program agreement for that con-tract.’’. (c) H
ARVESTING AND GRAZING .—Section 1233 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) H
ARVESTING AND GRAZING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the State technical com-mittee established under section 1261(a) for the applicable State, may permit harvesting and grazing in accordance with subsection (b) on any land subject to a contract under the conservation reserve program. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with the applicable State technical committee established under section 1261(a), may determine for any year that harvesting or grazing described in paragraph (1) shall not be permitted on land subject to a con-tract under the conservation reserve pro-gram in a particular county, or under a par-ticular practice, if harvesting or grazing for that year in that county or under that prac-tice, as applicable, would cause long-term damage to vegetative cover on that land.’’. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise today as the Senate considers legisla-tion on an issue that is critically im-portant to our Nation—the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, the farm bill. The goal, the responsibility, the ab-solute requirement is to provide farm-ers, ranchers, and growers—everyone within America’s valued food chain— certainty and predictability during these very, very difficult times. We are, indeed, in a rough patch with re-gard to agriculture. Many of my colleagues have intro-duced legislation over the last year that addresses priorities and stake-holders in their States. The bill that passed the Agriculture Committee with a strong 20-to-1 vote earlier this month addresses many of those concerns. In fact, the Ag Committee-passed product includes portions of 65 stand-alone bills, and an additional 73 amendments were adopted in the committee. We have also included 18 amendments in today’s substitute amendment. Needless to say, we have worked to include as many priorities from Mem-bers both on and off the Ag Committee, and we want to continue to work with Members to address their concerns. That is why we are here. We are endeavoring to craft a farm bill that meets the needs of producers across all regions and all crops. All of agriculture is struggling, not just one or two commodities. We must have a bill that works across all of our great Nation. That means, with bipartisan support, we must do our job. We must pass a bill that provides our farmers, ranchers, and rural communities the much needed certainty and predict-ability they deserve. I appreciate the bipartisan support that we have had to date of those on the Ag Committee who voted to report a bill in such a strong manner—and other Members of the Senate—and I look forward to working with my col-leagues on continuing to move this process forward. I will not say that it is an emergency, but we have to move this bill to provide farmers certainty and predictability during the very tough times they face. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I want to concur with the comments of our chairman, Senator R
OBERTS . All together, I believe we have 91 amend-ments between the work of the com-mittee on a bipartisan basis and the work we have put into the substitute. We have listened and worked together with colleagues on both sides of the aisle and put forward a package of bi-partisan amendments that will allow us to move forward in a way that will provide certainty for our farmers and ranchers, as well as our families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.001 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4462 June 27, 2018 
Now we will take the next step, and we look forward to working with col-leagues to move this forward to get to a final vote this week. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I wish to list the amendments that are in-cluded in the substitute that my dis-tinguished colleague Senator S
TABE -
NOW and I and our diligent staff have been working on. They are as follows: Senator J
ONES , No. 3081; Senator S
MITH, No. 3082; Senator K ENNEDY , No. 3097; Senator M
URKOWSKI , No. 3110; Senator H
ATCH , No. 3125; Senator M
ERKLEY , No. 3147; Senator T ESTER , No. 3148; Senator G
ILLIBRAND , No. 3154; Senator G
ARDNER , No. 3157; Senator M
ORAN , No. 3159; Senator C OLLINS , No. 3160; Senator P
ETERS , No. 3164; Senator S
HAHEEN , No. 3172; Senator F EINSTEIN , No. 3177; Senator C
ORNYN , No. 3186; Senator C
ANTWELL and Senator C RAPO , No. 3209; and Senator G
ARDNER , again, No. 3218; and Senator G
RASSLEY . I wish to note that this represents 18 amendments put in the substitute—ex-tremely bipartisan. I have read ‘‘Re-publican,’’ ‘‘Democrat,’’ ‘‘Democrat,’’ ‘‘Republican’’ all through these 18 amendments. We have proceeded that way in committee. We are proceeding this way on the floor. I urge Members to bring their amendments to the floor for consideration, and, hopefully, the amendments will be of a nature that we can consider them without con-troversy. I know people have strong concerns about whatever amendment they submit. Again, the ultimate goal is to do this quickly and to provide farmers cer-tainty and predictability during this difficult time they are going through. I hope Members will keep that in mind with regard to any amendment they may be considering. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last night, in the San Diego Federal Dis-trict Court, U.S. district court judge Dana Sabraw made a critical ruling that will affect the lives of thousands of people who have been the focal point of America’s attention over the last several weeks. Judge Sabraw was appointed to the Federal bench by President George W. Bush. In reading about him online, he is a Japanese American whose back-ground was in private practice law be-fore he assumed the Federal bench. He was given the responsibility of ruling on the Trump administration’s zero tolerance policy. You will remem-ber that policy. It started in April. It was a decision by the Trump adminis-tration and Attorney General Sessions to separate children from their moth-ers and parents if they attempted to enter the United States without having legal authorization. The net result of that policy was the separation of thou-sands of children from their parents. It has been on the news almost every day for weeks now. A firestorm of op-position has come about on both polit-ical sides of the aisle. Democrats and Republicans have said this is unfair; that it is not right. Even the First La-dies—Democrats and Republicans— have come together in an unusual show of unanimity in their opposition to President Trump and Attorney General Sessions’ zero tolerance policy. Attorney General Sessions defended the policy and said he had a Biblical defense for what they were doing. President Trump made it clear he was behind the policy as well. Yet the oppo-sition grew and grew in its intensity to the point at which there were state-ments made by the Pope, as well as by an evangelical supporter of the Presi-dent, Franklin Graham, when they called the administration’s decision immoral. Late last week, President Trump issued an Executive order that said he was ending this family separation, but that order didn’t contain one word about what was going to happen to these children. There was no resolution of the whole question of reuniting these children with their parents. I learned about this matter months ago—well, several weeks ago, at least— when we learned that a mother from the Congo had made it through South America and Central America to our border in California. She presented her-self with her 6-year-old daughter and asked for asylum because she feared persecution and death back in her home country. That happened over 6 months ago. They removed her 6-year- old daughter from her custody and flew the girl 2,000 miles to Chicago. So the mother remained in San Diego, and the daughter was in Chicago. That was when we learned about it in my office. We started pursuing it. After we brought it to the attention of those at the Department of Homeland Security, they said that was not the policy, and they were going to work on it. They did reunite the mother and child, but the separation of this family led to this lawsuit, the lawsuit Judge Sabraw ruled on last night. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the opinion of the court be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Judge Sabraw’s order begins as follows: ‘‘Eleven weeks ago, Plaintiffs leveled the serious accusation that our Government was engaged in a widespread practice of sepa-rating migrant families, and placing minor children who were separated from their par-ents in government facilities for ‘‘unaccom-panied minors.’’ According to Plaintiffs, the practice was applied indiscriminately, and separated even those families with small children and infants—many of whom were seeking asylum. Plaintiffs noted reports that the practice would become national policy. Recent events confirm these allegations. Ex-traordinary relief is requested, and is war-ranted under the circumstances. On May 7, 2018, the Attorney General of the United States announced a ‘‘zero tolerance policy,’’ under which all adults entering the United States illegally would be subject to criminal prosecution, and if accompanied by a minor child, the child would be separated from the parent. Over the ensuing weeks, hundreds of migrant children were separated from their parents, sparking international condemnation of the practice. Six days ago on June 20, 2018, the President of the United States signed an Executive Order (‘‘EO’’) to address the situation and to require preser-vation of the ‘‘family unit’’ by keeping mi-grant families together during criminal and immigration proceedings to the extent per-mitted by law, while also maintaining ‘‘rigorous[]’’ enforcement of immigration laws. See Executive Order, Affording Con-gress an Opportunity to Address Family Sep-aration §1, 2018 WL 3046068 (June 20, 2018). The EO did not address reunification of the burgeoning population of over 2,000 children separated from their parents. Public outrage remained at a fever pitch. Three days ago on Saturday, June 23, 2018, the Department of Homeland Security (‘‘DHS’’) issued a ‘‘Fact Sheet’’ outlining the government’s efforts to ‘‘ensure that those adults who are subject to removal are reunited with their children for the purposes of removal.’’ Plaintiffs assert the EO does not eliminate the need for the requested injunction, and the Fact Sheet does not address the cir-cumstances of this case. Defendants disagree with those assertions, but there is no gen-uine dispute that the Government was not prepared to accommodate the mass influx of separated children. Measures were not in place to provide for communication between governmental agencies responsible for de-taining parents and those responsible for housing children, or to provide for ready communication between separated parents and children. There was no reunification plan in place, and families have been sepa-rated for months. Some parents were de-ported at separate times and from different locations than their children. Migrant fami-lies that lawfully entered the United States at a port of entry seeking asylum were sepa-rated. And families that were separated due to entering the United States illegally be-tween ports of entry have not been reunited following the parent’s completion of crimi-nal proceedings and return to immigration detention. This Court previously entered an order finding Plaintiffs had stated a legally cog-nizable claim for violation of their sub-stantive due process rights to family integ-rity under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution based on their al-legations the Government had separated Plaintiffs from their minor children while Plaintiffs were held in immigration deten-tion and without a showing that they were unfit parents or otherwise presented a dan-ger to their children. See Ms. L. v. U.S. Im-migration & Customs Enf’t, 302 F. Supp. 3d 1149, 2018 WL 2725736, at *7–12 (S.D. Cal. June 6, 2018). A class action has been certified to include similarly situated migrant parents. Plaintiffs now request classwide injunctive relief to prohibit separation of class mem-bers from their children in the future absent a finding the parent is unfit or presents a danger to the child, and to require reunifica-tion of these families once the parent is re-turned to immigration custody unless the parent is determined to be unfit or presents a danger to the child. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.005 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4463 June 27, 2018 
Plaintiffs have demonstrated a likelihood of success on the merits, irreparable harm, and that the balance of equities and the pub-lic interest weigh in their favor, thus war-ranting issuance of a preliminary injunction. This Order does not implicate the Govern-ment’s discretionary authority to enforce immigration or other criminal laws, includ-ing its decisions to release or detain class members. Rather, the Order addresses only the circumstances under which the Govern-ment may separate class members from their children, as well as the reunification of class members who are returned to immigration custody upon completion of any criminal proceedings.’’ Judge Sabraw went on to explain why an injunction was needed despite the Trump Ad-ministration’s claims that it was unneces-sary. He said: ‘‘[T]he Court addresses directly Defend-ants’ argument that an injunction is not necessary here in light of the EO and the re-cently released Fact Sheet. Although these documents reflect some attempts by the Government to address some of the issues in this case, neither obviates the need for in-junctive relief here. As indicated throughout this Order, the EO is subject to various qualifications. For instance, Plaintiffs cor-rectly assert the EO allows the government to separate a migrant parent from his or her child ‘‘where there is a concern that deten-tion of an alien child with the child’s alien parent would pose a risk to the child’s wel-fare.’’ EO §3(b) (emphasis added). Objective standards are necessary, not subjective ones, particularly in light of the history of this case. Furthermore, the Fact Sheet focuses on reunification ‘‘at time of removal[,]’’ stating that the parent slated for removal will be matched up with their child at a loca-tion in Texas and then removed. It says nothing about reunification during the inter-vening time between return from criminal proceedings to ICE detention or the time in ICE detention prior to actual removal, which can take months. Indeed, it is undisputed ‘‘ICE has no plans or procedures in place to reunify the parent with the child other than arranging for them to be deported together after the parent’s immigration case is con-cluded.’’ Thus, neither of these directives eliminates the need for an injunction in this case.’’ Judge Sabraw went on to say: ‘‘The Executive Branch, which is tasked with enforcement of the country’s criminal and immigration laws, is acting within its powers to detain individuals lawfully enter-ing the United States and to apprehend indi-viduals illegally entering the country. How-ever, as the Court explained in its Order on Defendants’ motion to dismiss, the right to family integrity still applies here. The con-text of the family separation practice at issue here, namely an international border, does not render the practice constitutional, nor does it shield the practice from judicial review.’’ The judge went on to discuss the shameful lack of planning that has characterized the Trump Administration’s zero-tolerance pol-icy, saying: ‘‘[T]he practice of separating these fami-lies was implemented without any effective system or procedure for (1) tracking the chil-dren after they were separated from their parents, (2) enabling communication be-tween the parents and their children after separation, and (3) reuniting the parents and children after the parents are returned to immigration custody following completion of their criminal sentence. This is a startling reality. The government readily keeps track of personal property of detainees in criminal and immigration proceedings. Money, impor-tant documents, and automobiles, to name a few, are routinely catalogued, stored, tracked and produced upon a detainees’ re-lease, at all levels—state and federal, citizen and alien. Yet, the government has no sys-tem in place to keep track of, provide effec-tive communication with, and promptly produce alien children. The unfortunate re-ality is that under the present system mi-grant children are not accounted for with the same efficiency and accuracy as prop-erty. Certainly, that cannot satisfy the re-quirements of due process.’’ He also discussed the Trump Adminstration’s problematic treatment of those seeking asylum: ‘‘Asylum seekers like Ms. L. and many other class members may be fleeing persecu-tion and are entitled to careful consideration by government officials. Particularly so if they have a credible fear of persecution. We are a country of laws, and of compassion. We have plainly stated our intent to treat refu-gees with an ordered process, and benevo-lence, by codifying principles of asylum. The Government’s treatment of Ms. L. and other similarly situated class members does not meet this standard, and it is unlikely to pass constitutional muster.’’ Judge Sabraw concluded his order as fol-lows: ‘‘The unfolding events—the zero tolerance policy, EO and DHS Fact Sheet—serve to corroborate Plaintiffs’ allegations. The facts set forth before the Court portray reactive governance—responses to address a chaotic circumstance of the Government’s own mak-ing. They belie measured and ordered gov-ernance, which is central to the concept of due process enshrined in our Constitution. This is particularly so in the treatment of migrants, many of whom are asylum seekers and small children. The extraordinary rem-edy of classwide preliminary injunction is warranted based on the evidence before the Court. For the reasons set out above, the Court hereby GRANTS Plaintiffs’ motion for classwide preliminary injunction, and finds and orders as follows: (1) Defendants, and their officers, agents, servants, employees, attorneys, and all those who are in active concert or participation with them, are preliminarily enjoined from detaining Class Members in DHS custody without and apart from their minor children, absent a determination that the parent is unfit or presents a danger to the child, un-less the parent affirmatively, knowingly, and voluntarily declines to be reunited with the child in DHS custody. (2) If Defendants choose to release Class Members from DHS custody, Defendants, and their officers, agents, servants, employees and attorneys, and all those who are in ac-tive concert or participation with them, are preliminary enjoined from continuing to de-tain the minor children of the Class Members and must release the minor child to the cus-tody of the Class Member, unless there is a determination that the parent is unfit or presents a danger to the child, or the parent affirmatively, knowingly, and voluntarily declines to be reunited with the child. (3) Unless there is a determination that the parent is unfit or presents a danger to the child, or the parent affirmatively, know-ingly, and voluntarily declines to be reunited with the child: (a) Defendants must reunify all Class Members with their minor children who are under the age of five (5) within four-teen (14) days of the entry of this Order; and (b) Defendants must reunify all Class Mem-bers with their minor children age five (5) and over within thirty (30) days of the entry of this Order. (4) Defendants must immediately take all steps necessary to facilitate regular commu-nication between Class Members and their children who remain in ORR custody, ORR foster care, or DHS custody. Within ten (10) days, Defendants must provide parents tele-phonic contact with their children if the par-ent is not already in contact with his or her child. (5) Defendants must immediately take all steps necessary to facilitate regular commu-nication between and among all executive agencies responsible for the custody, deten-tion or shelter of Class Members and the cus-tody and care of their children, including at least ICE, CBP, BOP, and ORR, regarding the location and well-being of the Class Mem-bers’ children. (6) Defendants, and their officers, agents, servants, employees, attorneys, and all those who are in active concert or participation with them, are preliminarily enjoined from removing any Class Members without their child, unless the Class Member affirma-tively, knowingly, and voluntarily declines to be reunited with the child prior to the Class Member’s deportation, or there is a de-termination that the parent is unfit or pre-sents a danger to the child. (7) This Court retains jurisdiction to enter-tain such further proceedings and to enter such further orders as may be necessary or appropriate to implement and enforce the provisions of this Order and Preliminary In-junction.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me read some of the words Judge Sabraw wrote last night in his order, in his conclusion, about the zero tolerance policy of separating children from their parents. 
The unfolding events—the zero tolerance policy [the judge writes] serve to corroborate Plaintiffs’ allegations. The facts set forth be-fore the Court portray reactive governance— responses to address a chaotic circumstance of the Government’s own making. They belie measured and ordered governance, which is central to the concept of due process en-shrined in our Constitution. This is particu-larly so in the treatment of migrants, many of whom are asylum seekers and small chil-dren. The extraordinary remedy of classwide preliminary injunction is warranted based on the evidence before the Court. For the rea-sons set out above, the Court hereby GRANTS Plaintiffs’ motion for classwide preliminary injunction, and finds and orders as follows. 
It goes into detail, and I will not read it in its entirety since it is now going to be printed in the R
ECORD , but it reads, clearly, that the court is enjoin-ing the government—the Trump ad-ministration—from separating minor children from their parents. It goes on to read that it also orders the Trump administration to reunify all class members with their minor children who are under the age of 5 within 14 days of the entry of this order, and defendants must reunify all class members with their minor chil-dren who are aged 5 and older within 30 days of the entry of the order. Defend-ants must immediately—and this is the government—take all steps necessary to facilitate the regular communica-tion between class members and their children. The court went on to say that within 10 days, the government—the defend-ants—must provide parents telephonic contact with their children if the par-ent is not already in contact with his or her child. Last Saturday, the Department of Health and Human Services issued 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.002 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4464 June 27, 2018 
what I consider to be a rosy and mis-leading press release about how much information they had about the par-ents and their children and how much telephone communication was taking place. I will tell you, in having con-tacted various people who are well aware of the situation, they have real-ly overstated the contact information as well as the context between parents and children. Now they are being test-ed. The court has told them to return these children to their parents. Last Friday, I was in Chicago at one of the agencies that was the custodian for 66 of these children who have been the victims of President Trump’s zero tolerance policy. It was an experience I still remember and will not ever for-get—of seeing six little children walk into a conference room, where I was sitting—little kids—and learning that two of them, who I thought might be twins because they had similar hairdos, were, in fact, as one of them said to me, ‘‘just amigas,’’ friends. One was 5 years old, and one was 6 years old. As a father, it is hard for me to re-member my kids at that age, but I can sure visualize my grandkids for a mo-ment, who are now 6, 7, and 8, if they were to be separated from their parents by thousands of miles for weeks at a time. That was the policy of zero toler-ance—to put pressure on those who consider seeking protection or asylum in this country. I just left a meeting downstairs with a person whom I admire greatly. His name is King Abdullah of Jordan. I ad-mire him for so many things—his ef-forts to find peace in the Middle East— but especially because that tiny King-dom of Jordan, in the Middle East, has done something which should be a les-son to the world. That nation of 7 mil-lion Jordanians has accepted 3 million refugees. It is at their political peril for them to have that large of a popu-lation within their borders. Yet, time and time again, refugees have pre-sented themselves to Jordan and have been given not only humane treatment but good treatment under the cir-cumstances. The United States and many other nations have helped, and I am glad we have, for it is the right thing to do. Compare what we have done in the United States when it comes to refu-gees. Historically, we have accepted 75,000 to 100,000 refugees a year after careful screening, inspection, and vet-ting. In some cases, we have gone way beyond that. When the Cubans came over and said they wanted to escape Castro’s com-munism, we opened our doors. Thank goodness, we did, as they have made a great addition to America. Three Mem-bers of the U.S. Senate are Cuban Americans, and I am sure they are very proud of their family heritage. We opened our doors to Cuban refugees. We opened our doors to refugees as well from the Soviet Union and to people who wanted to practice their Jewish religion and felt they were being dis-criminated against. We opened our doors for them. We opened our doors for the Vietnamese to come here after the war and to become part of America because they had been on our side and had fought for freedom in their country and had run the risk of being killed. Time and again, the United States has opened its doors. What has happened under this admin-istration? First, the President an-nounced last year that he was reducing the number of refugees to 45,000 a year who would be allowed in America—a dramatic cutback. How many have been accepted so far this year as we are well over the halfway point of this fis-cal year? There have been less than 16,000 refugees. After careful screening, there have been less than 16,000. I believe we can do better. I believe there are those who are in need of help. I believe this is the definition of who we are as Americans—the way we treat the people at our borders. If we are hu-mane, if we are civilized, if we are car-ing, it is a message to the world. If we are the opposite, it is also a message to the world. Right now, we have to look at the scoreboard. The kids have won, and zero tolerance has lost. I hope now we can sit down and come up with a rational, reasonable ap-proach. America cannot accept every person who wants to live here. I wish we could, but we can’t. We have to have an orderly process, and we must have border security, but we need to do it with clarity and with humanity. We need to follow our Constitution, which the President, I hope, is reminded of after this decision last night. This decision reads that due process is a part of the Constitution and that the chaotic governance of this adminis-tration is not consistent with the Con-stitution and its principles. It is time now for the President to understand that and to reunite these children under the age of 5 within 14 days. With-in 30 days, those under the age of 18 need to be reunited as well. Then we can move forward and put this sad chapter in American history behind us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I under-stand that the Democratic leader may be on his way, and I will yield the floor when he comes, but I do want to re-spond to the comments that have been made by my friend, the Senator from Illinois, the Democratic whip. I think what he is proposing is a false choice. He says we need to do away with zero tolerance when it comes to enforcing our immigration laws. Basi-cally, what that means is an argument for the nonenforcement of our immi-gration laws. We can actually enforce our immigration laws and keep fami-lies together. Indeed, we have a pro-posal, which I know he is very familiar with, to do precisely that—proposed by Senator T
ILLIS and Senator C RUZ. I know he and Senator F
EINSTEIN are talking to them, and hopefully they can come up with a bipartisan solution. Yet the argument that somehow this is a new phenomenon is just not borne out by the facts. We all remember 2014, when the vast wave of unaccompanied children who came across the border from Central America was called a humanitarian crisis by President Obama. It was be-cause we simply were not prepared to deal with the medical and other needs, feeding, housing, and taking care of these tens of thousands of children who were streaming across the border. Central America, basically, has some very serious problems which result in there being people who flee from those countries and seek, in many cases, asy-lum in the United States. Yet the idea that President Trump started some-thing new when he decided to enforce the law or that this phenomenon of children coming across the border is something new is simply not the case. It has been happening for a long time. Back when President Obama was de-taining families and was separating families, on some occasions when the accommodations were not available to deal with them together, we didn’t hear a peep out of our friends on the other side of the aisle. When 1,500 unac-companied children from Central America—those placed with sponsors here in the United States who were not American citizens, who were not even family members, and who had not had criminal background checks—were un-accounted for, as reported in a New York Times story recently, that was as a result of the flawed policies of the past in dealing with this humanitarian crisis. We do agree on one thing; that is, that families ought to be kept to-gether, and the President has said as much. Yet what every single Democrat across the aisle has agreed to is a bill by our friend from California Senator FEINSTEIN , which, simply goes from zero tolerance, when it comes to vio-lating the immigration laws, to zero enforcement. What that bill would result in is a re-turn to the flawed catch-and-release policies of the past because, if you can’t enforce the law—if you don’t have the immigration judges, if you don’t prioritize these family cases— then you will have to give people no-tices to appear at some time in the fu-ture. Of course, most of them will not show up for their court hearings, and the cartels and human smugglers, whose business models depend on their ability to exploit these gaps in Amer-ican law, will win. They will win be-cause they will have successfully cir-cumvented the enforcement of Amer-ica’s immigration laws. Those are the people who benefit the most from this. I am very sympathetic to the cir-cumstances of these children and their families living in Central America, but as my colleague said, we simply can’t accept anybody and everybody who wants to come to the United States under any and all circumstances. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.007 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4465 June 27, 2018 
is why we have a legal system of immi-gration. That is why we have due proc-ess to consider asylum claims, which should be considered and should be ex-pedited, in my view, while these family units are detained, and not simply say that we are going to go from zero toler-ance of immigration law violations to zero enforcement and return to a catch-and-release policy, which is asso-ciated with huge surges in additional illegal immigration. According to Manuel Padilla, the Rio Grande Border Patrol Chief, who I was with this last Friday, that is a big mistake. The American people understand that we need to enforce our immigra-tion laws. They are as compassionate as we all would hope to be about keep-ing these families together as much as we can, but at some point we need to enforce our laws. In this case, that means family units need to be detained in a secure, safe, and humane facility, but then they need to present those claims to an immigration judge on a prioritized basis. If they don’t meet the legal criteria, then we simply don’t have any alternative but to return them to their home country. That is the law of the land. So 83 percent of the children in U.S. custody now came unaccompanied be-cause their parents sent them from Central America by themselves. Only 17 percent came as part of a family unit. This is a longstanding problem, and we need to fix it. We have legisla-tion that can do that, and we need to pass it this week in my view. I see the distinguished Democratic leader here. Mr. SCHUMER. I am not—keep going. Mr. DURBIN. Will the Senator from Texas yield for a question? Mr. CORNYN. Sure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic whip. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would like to make one point and then ask a question. When President Obama, who was my friend and colleague in the Senate, came up with family detention policies under his administration, I objected, as well, and I can show the Senator from Texas the objection. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I am sorry; I did not mean to suggest that the Senator from Illinois didn’t object back then, but my point is that Sen-ator Obama—President Obama had the same policies that are now being ob-jected to under President Trump. Mr. DURBIN. The question I have for the Senator from Texas is this: If our goal is to make sure that the person presenting himself or herself actually appears as scheduled for the required hearings to be considered for eligibility under American law, if that is our goal, I would like to suggest to the Senator from Texas—and I think he can find in his own State evidence of this—over 90 percent of those in that circumstance appear at a hearing, as required, if they have one of three things: legal counsel; second, case management, which is the counsel of groups like Catholic Char-ities or Lutheran family services; or in some circumstances, ankle bracelets, where the government can monitor where they are. Over 90 percent show up, as required, for a hearing. It costs as little as $4 or $5 a day. It costs over $300 a day to detain a family. It is cer-tainly not in the best interests of tax-payers to spend an amount that is un-necessary. Wouldn’t the Senator agree that we ought to look for alternatives to detention that would also guarantee the appearance of individuals? Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would respond to my friend from Illinois that I think alternatives to detention are a reasonable thing to look at, but the point is that people need to show up for their court hearings because right now, without detention, based on catch-and- release policies, these people simply fade away into the landscape and basi-cally win the lottery when it comes to immigrating illegally to the United States without making a legitimate asylum claim. I would say on the representation issue that I certainly support pro bono legal counsel being allowed to rep-resent the asylum seekers, and I be-lieve that is the practice now. I would be reluctant to ask an American tax-payer to fund a lawyer for every immi-grant who shows up at the border and makes a claim for an immigration ben-efit. I think that might be a bridge too far. But I do think that pro bono legal counsel makes a lot of sense. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I thank my friends from Illinois and Texas for yielding the floor to me amidst that interesting debate. 
FAMILY SEPARATION AND ASYLUM PROCESSING  
Mr. President, yesterday a Federal judge ordered the Trump administra-tion to immediately reunify the fami-lies who were separated by the admin-istration’s policy. It certifies what we in the Congress already expect—that the administration will expend all re-sources at its disposal to immediately reunite the over 2,000 families who have been separated. This should be the President’s first order of business to undo the harm he has caused through his chaotic and cruel family separation policy. In addition to this effort, Democrats believe we should start addressing the root cause of the migrant crisis, at-tacking the disease as well as the symptoms. We believe that Central American countries should conduct asylum processing within their own countries. We believe the United States should help governments in Central America crack down on the ability of gangs and cartels to operate freely and ruthlessly in their countries. And we believe we should go after the drug car-tels, smugglers, and drug traffickers with increased penalties and sanctions. There were robust efforts during the last administration to do exactly that, and they were showing progress. But President Trump, in shortsighted fash-ion, proposed significant cuts to the aid and resources used to fight the car-tels and stop the violence in Central America. This is not only dangerous, but it also shows a basic lack of under-standing. There is a pretty simple reason peo-ple are fleeing Central America. It is the impunity of these gangs and cartels and the brutal violence they spread. Many of the young people who want to escape being killed are then forced to use smugglers and other coyotes and carry drugs into this country through no fault of their own. We should stop this there in ways that we have been successful in Colombia, and that would greatly reduce the number of people coming to the border. That would make things easier for our country, but it would also make their lives a lot bet-ter and safer if they could file an asy-lum claim in their own country and get it adjudicated quickly. This is what many Democrats are going to propose in about an hour. There are other things we can also do, but we are ad-dressing this issue today. President Trump needs to end the in-humanity and chaos at the border. We have to develop a real strategy to go after the gangs and cartels in Central America, curbing the violence that sends migrants to our borders in the first place. Later today, I will be join-ing with several of my colleagues to discuss how we believe the United States should go about this. CHINA AND TRADE  
Mr. President, on China, I have long argued that the best way to make progress in our trade relationship with China is to be consistently tough until real concessions are won. China has flagrantly abused inter-national trade rules and norms for more than a decade, stealing our intel-lectual property and know-how, ille-gally dumping artificially cheap goods into our markets, and denying blue- chip American companies access to their markets unless those companies sign away their know-how and intellec-tual property. Previous attempts to force China to change its behavior have been faulty and milquetoast, at best. Unsurprisingly, these efforts have largely failed. While we disagree on a lot of things, I was happy to hear President Trump talk as if he had learned from the les-sons of the past. President Trump has, at times, pursued a tough, aggressive course of action against China, and I have applauded him when he has. But President Trump seems unable to con-sistently keep pressure on China. Every time I think he is going down the right path, he turns around and gives China a pass on something. Take the Chinese telecom giant ZTE, for example. Out of the blue, President Trump relaxed penalties on ZTE and loosened the restrictions on its sales in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.009 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4466 June 27, 2018 
the United States, despite the fact that it has been labeled a national security threat by our military. Why? It seemed to no end other than to placate Presi-dent Xi, hardly our friend on economic issues. This morning, after threatening a tough new approach to limit China’s ability to invest in the United States where national security was concerned, the Trump administration has once again backed off, it seems. Instead, the President seems to be endorsing a bill here in Congress to expand the author-ity of CFIUS, the Committee on For-eign Investment in the United States. That is a good provision in the NDAA. It passed with a filibuster-proof major-ity. An endorsement of the provision hardly means much because it is going to pass. Many of us wanted it to go fur-ther. Expanding CFIUS is not just for military and national security, but for economic security as well. But it is not sufficient—not sufficient. Mr. President, you are backing out again. President Xi is outfoxing you and outplaying you again. Once again, we get the tough talk and no action. This happens over and over and over again with this President and this ad-ministration. Why are we waiting to impose real pressure on China for its efforts to undermine our Nation’s eco-nomic wellspring? It is another exam-ple of President Trump starting down a tough path with China and then just veering off course for reasons unex-plained, sometimes on a whim. It appears there is a total war in the administration over just how strong the President should be with China. One week he is pulled in one direction, and the next, the opposite. If we are going to convince the Chinese Govern-ment we are serious, the United States must be strong, tough, and consistent. Otherwise, the President’s approach will not succeed in changing China’s behavior—or convincing President Xi that he means business—to the det-riment of American workers, American businesses, and the economy for gen-erations to come. 
SUPREME COURT RULINGS  
Mr. President, there is one final topic, on the Supreme Court and what they did yesterday and today. Yesterday, the Supreme Court ruled that California was violating the First Amendment by requiring crisis preg-nancy centers to provide information to their patients about abortions. It comes alongside a rule to affirm the President’s travel ban in which the majority also bent over backward to accept President Trump’s position. You would have to be living with your head in the sand over the past 2 years not to see a racial and religious animus be-hind the President’s decision to ban travel into the United States from Muslim-majority countries. Unfortunately, both cases were de-cided 5 to 4. Five conservative judges ruled against California law and the travel ban. Anyone watching the Bench at the moment ought to be shaking their heads at the political polarization of the Court. The abortion case makes it even worse. As Justice Breyer pointed out in his dissent, in 1992, there was a Cali-fornia case where the Supreme Court upheld a Pennsylvania law requiring a doctor to provide information about adoption services. In other words, clin-ics performing abortions, helping women, had to provide alternative in-formation. Now the shoe is on the other foot. California passed a law that said that clinics that try to dissuade women from having abortions, which is their right, also had to provide information about abortion. The majority ruled one way in the one case and the opposite in the other case. If free speech works in the one case, why doesn’t it work in the other? If the government can compel a doctor in Pennsylvania to provide women in-formation about adoption, why can’t the government compel someone in California to provide information to a woman about abortion? There is a total contradiction. The majority somehow argued there was a glaring difference between the two cases, but it is plainly sophistry. In fact, there was little to no difference between these two cases. Let me state it again exactly. If an abortion clinic should be required to give information about alternatives, why shouldn’t an anti-abortion clinic be required to do the same exact thing? Why does free speech apply to one and not the other? Why does lack of free speech fit one and not the other? Many Americans see this Court in a much more negative light than they used to. Chief Justice Roberts fa-mously claimed in his confirmation hearings that he would ‘‘call the balls and strikes’’ as he sees them. Here we have the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court leading a majority departing from a clear precedent to affirm a con-servative ideology, an anti-choice ide-ology. No one can see Chief Justice Roberts’ decision in the California case as calling balls and strikes; instead, it is a wild, political pitch. And I would say to the Chief Justice: You are de-meaning the Court you seek to uphold, in this type of contradiction, and the dissenting opinion showed its outrage at it. Just a moment ago, the Court ruled on the Janus decision. In the Janus de-cision, the Court said people had a First Amendment right not to join a union. That is a crazy idea cooked up by the conservative anti-labor move-ment and pursued relentlessly until a favorable collection of Judges would accept such a harebrained theory. The First Amendment and the right to or-ganize are two totally separate things, but somehow the hard right first pays for these think tanks, which come up with these ideas, and then they assem-ble enough people in the Court who see things politically—not constitu-tionally, not legally, not ideologi-cally—to affirm this decision. Unions are only 6 percent of private sector America. They are declining in membership, and it is a reason the mid-dle class doesn’t make more money even in this prosperous economy. This is an awful decision. It is going to in-crease economic polarization in this country. It is going to make it harder for middle-class people to earn a decent living. And sooner or later, people are going to get so angry that Lord knows what will happen. The American people are now seeing the results of a coordinated political campaign by deep-pocketed conserv-ative interests to influence the bench all the way up to the Supreme Court. Justice Gorsuch, of course, and the current conservative majority on the Court are the capstone of these efforts, the result of an appalling decision by Senate Republicans to refuse President Obama a Supreme Court pick. Alongside the California ruling, the Roberts’ Court affirmed a plainly dis-criminatory travel ban, unleashed a flood of unlimited, dark money in our politics, and scrapped a key pillar of the Voting Rights Act—all goals of the hard right, all having little to do with the Constitution or reading the law, all making America a more polarized, eco-nomically divided country. Opponents of these decisions and the President’s policy should focus on the Supreme Court, whose thin majority will once again hang in the balance this November. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SUL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, today, Wednesday, is day 83,723 since the Senate first achieved a quorum and started work. No grand celebration there. That is 229 years, 2 months, and 22 days. In that time, this body has de-liberated over some of the most dif-ficult issues of our time—of any time— slavery, war, voting rights. They have all been difficult issues that our Nation has debated in this building. But lately it seems we have less and less debate and more and more empty- Chamber quorum calls. For the people who watch the debate in this room and watch an empty room and think ‘‘Where is the debate happening in the Senate?’’ I can assure you there is work being done. There is a lot hap-pening in committee hearings right now. There is a lot happening in dif-ferent offices on trying to work through the issues. Our days are busy and full, but for some reason, we are not getting to some of the biggest debates of the mo-ment that need to be done and com-pleted. We had a real push in the nomi-nation process. We spent 100 days in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.010 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4467 June 27, 2018 
the last 18 months just on a quorum call waiting for a nomination to come up. That didn’t happened in the last five Presidents combined. There have only been 25 requests for additional time for any nominee in five Presi-dents. This time, in 18 months, there have been 100. It is slowing down the body. We have to fix that. We have to fix our budget process. Our appropriations process is working a little better this year, and that is good. We moved three bills last week. That is the first time that has hap-pened in a decade in the Senate. That is good progress, but we have to com-plete the process so we don’t end up with omnibus bills. That is going to take some reform. There are 16 of us— 8 Republicans and 8 Democrats—who are meeting consistently to work on how to reform the process of our budg-eting to make sure that we can fix that. So there is some work that needs to be done. There is also some reform that needs to be done. But as we deal with things like the farm bill this week—so far, we have not had amendments and votes on it—we have to reform the process on how we get through the farm bill, how we get through our ap-propriations process, and how we get through nominations. We also need to work through things that are difficult, things like immigra-tion. I have been in this body multiple times to talk about this issue, and I will continue to come back to this body to raise it. The challenge we have with immigration is that there seems to be no deadline to solve it, so Con-gress just delays actually working on immigration. When a deadline comes, Congress finds a way to get around it, or the courts step in and make some change and say: We are going to make some ruling, which delays a decision here, and it just gets delayed again. The Nation is once again looking at the issue of immigration because of what we are watching happen with families on the border. Americans are people of great compassion. We do not want to see families separated. But we also understand the basics of the law. So how do we deal with all these things together? I would say first, this body has to learn how to focus on solving the issue of immigration rather than just com-plaining about the issue of immigra-tion. We can’t have it come up every once in a while when it is in the news and then work on something else when the news stops focusing on it. We have to solve this issue. Last February, we had four different bipartisan bills that came before the Senate. All four of them failed. You would think that there would have been work to say: Let’s combine them. Let’s find the common ground between the four different bills, form a final bill, and pass it in the Senate. Instead, the Senate got distracted with some-thing else and walked away. We have to solve the issues on immi-gration. What is currently separating families is not a new issue. Some peo-ple believe it might be, but it is not new. This comes out of the Flores deci-sion from 1997. Every single President has struggled under this Flores deci-sion from a court in California. That court said that you can only detain children for 20 days. Well, it takes 35 days to do a hearing. So the court set up an impossible situation where it takes 35 days to do a hearing and you can only hold children for 20 days. So every administration has had the same problem: Do I release people into the country and tell them to show up for what is called a notice to appear at a future court date so their family can stay together, or do I separate fami-lies? Previous administrations have said: I will just release people into the coun-try and will tell them to show up at a hearing at a future date. Well, there are a couple of problems with that. One is that thousands upon thousands of those individuals never show up for their first hearing, the notice to ap-pear. The vast majority beyond that, after they show up for their first hear-ing, are given what is called a notice of removal, which says: You don’t qualify to be in the country legally, so you need to leave. The problem is that 98 percent of those individuals then don’t leave. Once they get that notice of re-moval, they find a way to disappear into the country. They move to a new city, and they are gone. This administration is struggling with that, saying: Well, what we have created is an incentive to come into the country illegally. If you cross the border and bring your family, you will be released into the country, and then you can just disappear, and no one will ever try to find you. That is a problem with the legal sys-tem, period. I am not cold to immigration. Quite frankly, I am grateful we are one of the most open immigration countries in the world. We have 1.1 million people a year who become legal citizens of the United States, going through the proc-ess the right way. I just spoke at a nat-uralization ceremony in Oklahoma City. If you ever come to one—and I en-courage every American to go to one of the naturalization ceremonies, but take Kleenex with you. They are in-credibly moving events—watching peo-ple from all over the world stand and raise their right hand and take their oath to become an American citizen, say the Pledge of Allegiance for the first time as an American, hold the lit-tle American flag and wave it, and see-ing their family cheer them from the audience, saying: We are Americans to-gether. It is incredibly moving to see that. There are 1.1 million people a year who do it the right way. Let me add one more number. Half a million people a day legally cross our southern border. Let me run that past this body again. Half a million people a day legally cross our southern border. We are not a nation that is closed to immigration. We are a nation that is open to immigration. Half a million people a day legally go through that process of crossing the border back and forth. That is just coming from the south to the north; that is not count-ing the people going from the north back to the south, back into Mexico. We are an open nation for immigra-tion, but we have real issues that need to be resolved. Let me run through a couple of these. We have to solve the Flores issue. We shouldn’t have an impossible situation to say: You can either release people into the country whom we know, by and large, will never show up for a court hearing or detain them and sepa-rate families. That is intolerable. This body can fix that, but no one has since 1997. It is time for us to be able to take ownership of that and to be able to fix that. We should not separate families, but neither should we just release them into the country and give them a no-tice to appear. Many people in this body may not know, but right now, if you called our Department of Justice and DHS and asked them: In the regions of the coun-try, when is the next available court date for an immigration hearing for a notice to appear? They will tell you— because we have just checked—that the next available court date—if you are crossing the southern border right now, they will hand you a notice to appear for August of 2022—August of 2022. They will release you into the country on your own recognizance, hoping you will show up 4 years and 2 months from now at the next available court hear-ing. That is intolerable. So what do we do? Let’s start with some basics. Can we agree that we should add more immigration judges? We have 350 immigration judges in the country. Last year, this body agreed and voted to add another 150. It is still not close to what is needed. We have a backlog of 700,000 immigration cases right now. It is not possible for that group of immigration judges to actu-ally get through all of that. Can we agree to add more immigra-tion judges so individuals get due proc-ess but don’t have to wait 4 years to get due process? We should be able to agree on that. We should be able to agree on re-forms to the process. It takes over 700 days to hire a new immigration judge. That is a broken process for hiring. Can we agree that process needs to be fixed? Can we agree on basic southern bor-der security? That used to not be a controversial thing. In 2006, this body passed something called the Secure Fence Act. It added 650 miles of fence and border onto our southern border. That vote passed with overwhelming support from this body, Republican and Democratic. Outspoken conservatives, such as C
HUCK SCHUMER , Joe Biden, and Senator Barack Obama, voted for the Secure Fence Act in 2006. This used to not be a partisan issue that we would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.013 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4468 June 27, 2018 
just have basic border security. So 650 miles of fencing is now on our southern border today because of the bipartisan Secure Fence Act that passed with overwhelming support from this body in 2006. Can we still agree that securing our southern border is a good thing or is that still a partisan issue? I hope it will not be. That should be a basic principle of trying to secure our south-ern border. Every Nation just wants to know who is coming in and out of our borders. Even for asylum seekers—there has been much in the news about asylum. Asylum seekers who go to the port of entry have not violated any law. They are going to a port of entry and saying: I request asylum. What is interesting from that is even if I go back to, let’s say, 2016, the last year of the Obama administration, of the people who came to the border requesting asylum, after they got into the country, only 40 per-cent of them actually filed paperwork for asylum. Of that 40 percent who ac-tually filed paperwork for asylum, only 13 percent of them actually received asylum, and that is in the last year of the Obama administration. We should allow for asylum, but they should come to the ports of entry. That is the right spot to do it, not skip around the ports of entry, and when they are arrested for coming between the ports of entry, then claim: Now I want asylum. Those folks, the vast majority of them who claim they want asylum, never actually file the paperwork to get it. Once they are released into the country, they never follow through with the actual request. We should be able to fix some of those issues. We should also be able to fix the DACA issue. I have raised this in this body multiple times, and I have talked about it often at home. We have a cou-ple of million kids who have grown up in this country whose parents illegally crossed the border when they were in-fants and children at the time and who have grown up in this country. They don’t know another country. Now, their parents violated the law. Those kids did not violate the law. What do we do with them? The most simple principle, and that is what I hope we can agree on common ground is, let’s secure the border. Let’s take a couple years to make sure we secure the border, but let’s also give a shot to those kids who are here with the DACA Program to be naturalized, to become citizens of the United States in the only country they have ever known. This shouldn’t be that controversial either. Quite frankly, that opinion is agreed upon by President Obama and by President Trump. Back in February, over 70 Members of this body voted for a bill that al-lowed for naturalization of individuals in the DACA Program. We had four bills we voted on. None of them got 60 votes, but if you count up each of the people who voted for them on a bill that included naturalization of those kids, over 70 people voted for that in this body on some level. We have common agreement that we should do that. We can’t seem to finish the work to actually do it though. We should be able to resolve it. We should be able to fix the issues of family sepa-ration. We should be able to solve basic border security issues. This is doable stuff, but we need this body to focus and to actually get it done. Every issue we debate is controver-sial. Some of them are louder and more controversial than others—I get that— but that is our job, to go through the difficult issues, read the Constitution, and talk to the people at home to deal with the issue and make a decision. I encourage this body to finish the work. We should be able to secure our border. We should deal with this issue of family migration. We should keep families together but actually go through the legal process, not just re-lease them into the country for a hear-ing 4 years from now, for which they probably will not show up. We should do this and find that common ground. Let’s work together. Let’s finish the task that needs to be done on this and actually get this resolved. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I rise today to highlight the 6-month anni-versary of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I would like to illustrate what it has meant to the people of West Virginia since President Trump signed this into law. I will speak in a larger sense, as well, regarding what a difference it has made in this country. We see it in the news every single day, and the benefits are really undeni-able. Since Congress passed tax reform, we have seen incredible job creation— more than 1 million jobs, to be exact. We have seen unemployment drop to historic lows and wages are on the rise. Our small businesses and their employ-ees are feeling optimistic again. When I travel throughout the State and visit our small businesses, there is a real hop in the step of those small business owners and those who work there because of their increased busi-ness, because of their ability to expand, and other things that they have wanted to do for years. So it really has been an incredible transformation. Only a few days ago, a ‘‘CNBC News’’ survey showed that 54 percent of Amer-icans say the economy is ‘‘good or ex-cellent’’—good or excellent. That is the highest percentage that has ever been recorded in the 10 years that CNBC has been doing the survey. But even more important are the number of stories that I have heard of what has transpired since we did tax reform. In letters, in meetings, and ev-erywhere around town, I have heard from West Virginians who are feeling the positive effects of tax reform. Our small businesses have been able to ex-pand and hire new employees. They have been able to give back to their employees, whether in the form of bo-nuses or reaching out to their commu-nities with more charitable donations. Others have been able to create jobs and hire more workers. Just this month, I received a letter from a constituent, Chris from Charles-ton, who owns an eye consulting busi-ness. Chris wrote that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is ‘‘legislation that has bene-fited small business owners all across the country and our folks back here in West Virginia.’’ He said that as a result of the tax cuts, small businesses have hired more people, raised employee wages, and expanded opportunities and operations. He continued to talk about the other aspects of the tax cuts. He said: That doesn’t sound like a tax cut that only caters to the rich and powerful. As each week passes, more and more of our fellow Americans support the new tax code. I hear it from my patients in the office all the time. 
Chris isn’t alone. I have heard from families who are better able to cover expenses and invest in their children’s education. When President Trump traveled to West Virginia this spring, we spoke to one family, the Ferrell family from Huntington. Thanks to tax reform, the Ferrells were able to open a 529 savings account for the first time to help support their children in their education. I have heard from families who have been able to afford high-speed internet for the first time. That might sound like a little thing to a lot of people, but it is a big thing to a family and to a child who comes home from school and can’t do their homework because they don’t have connectivity. Because of that change, one more student in our State is able to complete their home-work at home. They no longer have to feel left behind when they get back to school. That is a powerful thing. But it is not just West Virginia’s small businesses and working families who are benefiting from tax reform. In our State, these benefits are helping to improve entire communities. During President Trump’s round-table—again, in West Virginia—we also heard from Tony, who is a rural mail carrier. Tony and his wife Jessica live in Hurricane, WV, with their two sons. Tony explained that because of tax re-form, their family was not only able to make home improvements, but they were also able to make more charitable contributions. Specifically, they took extra money that they are seeing in their paychecks and gave it to their church, specifically for the faith-based initiative that has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.014 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4469 June 27, 2018 
been a very successful resource in fighting the opioid epidemic that we see throughout our State. It is no se-cret that this opioid epidemic is se-verely damaging and having dev-astating consequences in our State with our communities and our families. But because of tax cuts and Tony and Jessica’s generosity, at least one com-munity has extra support that can be used to fight back against the drug cri-sis. I know this is not an isolated inci-dent. It is one that illustrates a very important point: Tax reform is making real and meaningful changes in West Virginia and across the country. That is certainly not crumbs to us in the Mountain State. Just think that it has only been 6 months—only 6 months—and already 4 million workers have received bonuses across the country. Consumer con-fidence is at an all-time, 18-year high, and 102 utility companies have cut their rates. Think of what that does for the folks at the lower end of the eco-nomic scale. When your power bill is $50 or $100 less or even $25 less a month, that makes a difference. That makes a real difference. And more than 8,000 low-income communities have been designated as opportunity zones. I am excited to see what else is ahead for the State of West Virginia and for all Americans thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I am excited to continue building on the incredible momentum that we have created, and I am excited to continue delivering pro-growth solu-tions that will help to improve lives all across this country. 
TRIBUTE TO DENNIS FRYE  
On another note, Mr. President, I was just visited by Dennis Frye, who is a retiring park ranger in Harpers Ferry. He has been a good friend to me. He is a historian of the highest degree on the Civil War and the critical battles that were fought in and around Harpers Ferry and in that region of our State and in Virginia and Maryland. I want to thank him for his service, for his 42 years, 32 of those in the Park Service. He is a public servant who will never be forgotten in our region. I know he is going to continue to give back to the community. So I want to say thank you to Dennis for his depth of knowledge, for his ap-preciation for our history, and for his appreciation of what we can really learn about our future if we look back at our history. So thank you to Dennis Frye. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to address an amendment that I worked on with my colleague Senator C
ORKER  from Tennessee. It is an amendment that I hope we are going to get a vote on today because I think it is timely, it is important, and it is really a measure that would simply restore to Congress a responsibility that the Constitution assigns to Congress. So what am I talking about? I am talking about the amendment that we have crafted that would simply require that before a President—this President or any other President—can invoke section 232 of our trade law, which is the provision that grants the President special powers when the national secu-rity of America is threatened or is at risk and gives him the power to impose tariffs in that situation, what this amendment would do is that it would say that when a President makes the determination that he wants to impose tariffs because it is essential for the se-curity of our country, he could do so as long as he has the assent from Con-gress. It would require an expedited process and a simple majority vote. It couldn’t be dragged out. It couldn’t be filibustered, but it would ultimately be congressional responsibility. Now, why do I say that this would be restoring to Congress its constitutional power? Well, it is because the Constitu-tion is very unambiguous about this. Article I, section 8, clause 1 states that ‘‘the Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises.’’ It goes on from there. Duties are tar-iffs, and I don’t think anybody disputes that. So article I, section 8, clause 1 as-signs that responsibility to Congress. Clause 3 goes on further to make it clear that this is Congress’s responsi-bility, by stating that the Congress shall have the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations.’’ Well, the imposition of duties clearly is an exercise in regulating commerce with foreign nations. Now, over time the Congress has ceded authority in this area—unwisely, in my view—to the Executive, and that has been going on for decades. There is no question about it. The Executive now has a lot of authority under pow-ers that Congress has delegated to the President. Frankly, it is part of a broader trend of congressional powers that are being delegated to the execu-tive branch, to regulators, agencies, and to the Cabinet. I think it is a mis-take. I think this is a congressional re-sponsibility. We ought to take that re-sponsibility, and we ought to take it seriously. Why do I think it is important in this particular case? Because, in my view, this section 232 provision is being mis-used. It is meant to ensure that our De-fense Department can procure defen-sive materials needed in time of war. That was the real motivation behind creating this power for the President to block foreign trade in the event that our national security depended on it. What do we have instead? We have this provision being invoked as a way to impose tariffs on some of our closest allies, our closest friends, and most im-portant trading partners—in fact, the Canadians, the Mexicans, and the Euro-pean Union—over very small amounts of steel that we import. In the case of Canada, it is really quite amazing. Do we have a closer ally than our next- door neighbor, Canada, the country that sends troops to fight alongside ours whenever we have a need to do that, a country with whom we have massive amount of trade in both direc-tions, a country with whom we have a balance of trade overall, a country where we actually have a surplus in steel? What we are doing is we are im-posing taxes on Americans, taxes on my constituents if they choose to buy steel from Canada, and we are saying that is necessary for national security purposes. Of course, it is not. It has nothing to do with national security, and the Secretary of Commerce admit-ted as much before our committee last week when he said what it is really about is getting the Canadians to agree to the changes the administration wants to make in NAFTA. Well, I don’t agree with those changes in the first place. So we are misusing a national secu-rity element of our law to punish American consumers for products that originate from one of the friendliest countries on the planet with respect to our country, and I think this is a prob-lem. By the way, it is not the first time that we have had really dubious trade policy from the administration. I to-tally disagreed with the Mexican sugar deal that was negotiated. It is a protec-tionist bill that treats domestic sugar growers very, very well. They get an artificially high price for their sugar, and all of us who are consumers of sugar pay too high a price. Then we had tariffs imposed on solar panels and washing machines. We now are finding that, first, we had tariffs on Canadians, Mexicans, Europeans, and South Kore-ans. Then, there was relief. But, then, that expired, and now the tariffs are back. We have gone too far down the road. This has become very disruptive. This is bad for our economy, it is bad for my constituents, and, fundamentally, it is a responsibility that we have. It is in the Constitution. It says so. So what this amendment does is that it simply says: Look, the President can invoke 232; the President can invoke national security if he sees fit, but he has to come back to Congress for an ex-pedited up-or-down vote. Frankly, that is exactly what our re-sponsibility is. This bill is relevant. The ag community is more adversely affected by the retaliation against these ill-conceived tariffs than any other sector of the economy I can think of. This is the bill that addresses ag policy. This is the right moment to have this debate and to decide whether we want to take the responsibility that the Constitution assigns to us or not. By the way, I get that not everybody agrees with what Senator CORKER and I and others are trying to do, but I hope everybody acknowledges that the role of the Senate is to debate and vote on tough issues. That is part of what we are sent here to do—to decide what our policy will be—and that necessarily in-cludes having a debate and having a vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.015 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4470 June 27, 2018 
So I think my colleague from Ten-nessee is going to make a request that we be able to consider this amendment and vote on this. I wholeheartedly sup-port this effort. I think it is very, very important. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President I want to thank my friend from Pennsylvania for his comments and for his leadership on issues relative to free trade and other important issues to our Nation. I just want to reiterate for a minute, be-fore I ask for this amendment to be called up, the fact that this particular amendment, No. 1, is cosponsored by 14 people of various ideologies, on both sides of the aisle. Senator F
LAKE , who is here on the floor, is a cosponsor of this amendment. It is probably one of the most supported amendments we are going to vote on as it relates to the farm bill. Is the farm bill the right place? Abso-lutely. Farmers around our country are being hurt by this administration’s trade policies, and more than 20 farm bills could help them. So it is very im-portant for us to address this issue now. Some of my friends on the other side of the aisle—by the way, we have many people on the other side of the aisle supporting this legislation, this amend-ment—have said: Well, we don’t want to hurt our ability to impose tariffs on China. This has nothing to do with that. As the Senator from Pennsylvania men-tioned, the President has used section 201 of the Trade Act to put in place tar-iffs on solar panels and on washing ma-chines. He did that in January. The ad-ditional tariffs that he is putting in place on China are under section 301. What this amendment narrowly fo-cuses on is the abuse of authority that the administration is utilizing to put tariffs in place on Canada, Mexico, and on many of our allies, especially in Eu-rope, and what he is doing is citing na-tional security. It is dubious. All of us know that it has nothing whatsoever to do with national security, but the rea-son the President is using this is that he doesn’t have to prove anything to use it. Under the other sections, you have to deal with the WTO or the ITC, and you have to actually make a case for what it is you are doing. When you use section 232, no case has to be made. He can just do it. There-fore, because of this abuse of authority, that is the reason we believe the Presi-dent ought to be free to negotiate these. Sure, he is the leader of our Nation, but once he completes those negotia-tions, if he is going to use section 232 of the Trade Act, we believe he should come to Congress, as was laid out by the Senator from Pennsylvania. With that, I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up amendment No. 3091. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I reserve the right to object. My colleague raises concerns about the effect of retaliatory tariffs on our farmers and others. I couldn’t agree more, but we should not pit farmers against steelworkers. Only a few days after Candidate Trump became Presi-dent-elect Trump, my first correspond-ence with him was about how we do trade policy in the next few years. One of the conditions—one of the admoni-tions, if you will—was that you don’t play off one industry against another. You don’t play off agriculture against autos or steel or chemicals or anything else. I think my colleagues agree that it benefits all Americans if we stop China cheating, if we force them to play by the rules. I would say to my colleagues today— to Senator T
OOMEY and Senator C
ORKER —that I understand they have some bipartisan support on this, but I would say that probably the worst thing you do for America’s farmers is to jeopardize passage of the farm bill today. I have spoken with Senator R
OB-
ERTS and Senator S TABENOW about that, and that is exactly what this amendment would do. The amendment would gut, most im-portantly, one of our trade enforce-ment tools, a tool Congress passed and enhanced in the Finance Committee just in the last couple of years to en-sure we protect the industries nec-essary to defend our country. I know my colleague from Tennessee generally opposes the President’s trade agenda. I think he does that from an intellectually honest position, but that is not justification for completely undoing a decades-old statute that is one of the few tools we have to defend national security interests against dis-tortions in the global market. The steel and aluminum tariffs the President has put in place are long overdue actions to defend against the further shrinking of two sectors crit-ical to national defense. Senator T
OOMEY knows this in the western part of his State, as I know it in mine. I know my colleagues agree that excess steel production capacity in China is troubling. We are talking about a coun-try that now has the capacity to produce half of the world’s steel, close to half of the smelt, and half of the world’s aluminum. It has affected the global market. It has made steel over-capacity a global problem. We know that China puts people to work because they can’t afford to have tens of millions of young men unem-ployed in the country. They subsidize their energy, water, capital, and land. They have dozens of government-owned enterprises. They want to keep their people at work. They cheat when they do. That is very simple. We have an ad-ministration now that is finally willing to take action and defend our highly competitive steel industry and steel workers. I know what a competitive steel plant looks like. I was at ArcelorMittal in Cleveland, 7 miles from my house, only a week ago. That is the first steel mill in the world that has been able to produce raw steel with one person-hour of labor. Think of that, a ton of steel produced by one person-hour. That tells you how productive our plants are, but against China cheating and subsidizing nearly all of the compo-nents—we simply can’t do that. The State of Tennessee, perhaps, has been lucky to avoid the devastation brought to steel towns, like Steuben-ville, Yorkville, Martins Ferry, War-ren, and Lorain, all cities in Ohio, up and down the Mon River in Pennsyl-vania—Senator TOOMEY said the same thing—all as a result of China’s excess capacity. The shuttered steel mills and thou-sands of steel workers in Ohio who lost their jobs are constant reminders for my State that this trade enforcement action by the President was long over-due. We have to have steel and alu-minum sectors in this country to de-fend ourselves. It is that simple. We will not have these critical sectors if our steel and aluminum producers can’t keep their doors open. This section of the statute, 232, was Congress’s way, some time ago, of ac-knowledging there are connections be-tween trade and national security. Im-ports can undermine our national secu-rity. Congress has recognized that for years. There should be ways for the President to take action when that is the case. The Corker amendment fundamen-tally rejects that idea and hamstrings the President’s ability to protect America’s national security interests. Even worse, the Corker amendment would immediately remove the 232 steel and aluminum tariffs, including those on China. Why would any col-leagues vote to let China off the hook? Just look at the bipartisan effort to pass the Foreign Investment Risk Re-view Modernization Act, which passed down the hall, I believe, with only two ‘‘no’’ votes. There is broad bipartisan support also for ensuring that the President take a tough stance with ZTE, which he has not been wild about doing. But for some reason, when it comes to aluminum and steel, it is OK to let China off the hook. It makes no sense. I know some of my colleagues who support this amendment will say that they would support the President’s ac-tions if they were targeted just to China. They think the Corker amend-ment is necessary because the Presi-dent has applied these tariffs to our al-lies. But steel overcapacity is a global problem. It needs a global solution. If we don’t take a more comprehensive action, China will cheat their way into those other markets. Ask ArcelorMittal, ask Nucor, ask AK Steel, ask U.S. Steel, just to name a few domestic producers we have in my State. They have all seen the tricks China uses to work around our anti- dumping and countervailing duty laws. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.017 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4471 June 27, 2018 
Look at the findings of Ambassador Lighthizer’s recent report on China’s intellectual property theft. He found that China was stealing about $50 bil-lion of intellectual property from the United States every single year. The evidence is clear. I don’t even particularly fault China because they are acting in their na-tional interests. Maybe we should try to do the same thing. China is deter-mined to gain U.S. market share in technological advances, and they will stop at nothing to get it. I agree that we should work with our allies, and this administration, to a de-gree, has. They have negotiated agree-ments with South Korea, Brazil, Ar-gentina, and Australia. Some of our colleagues are concerned, rightly, about Canada and Mexico being cov-ered by the tariffs. I share that con-cern. But gutting trade enforcement is not the way to fix that. I have worked with the administra-tion to reach a solution through nego-tiations; I encourage my colleagues to do the same. I spoke to Ambassador Lighthizer again late last night. We are in a holding pattern with NAFTA talks until Mexico’s elections, in about a week. But soon after that, NAFTA talks will pick right up. Steel and alu-minum tariffs will be part of that dia-logue, as they should be. Because Can-ada and Mexico have such close prox-imity to our market, they are primary targets for Chinese transshipment. We have to guard against that or the sec-tion 232 tariffs simply will not be effec-tive. I am confident an agreement with our NAFTA partners can be reached. I hope it is reached soon. Canada and Mexico are important parts of the North American steel supply chain. They are important partners in making sure our efforts to address steel over-capacity are effective. The tariffs have been effective. Just yesterday, Republic Steel announced that one of its rolling mills in Lorain, OH, will restart in September. In Gran-ite City, IL, 800 steelworkers were called back to work. The Corker amendment would threaten these new jobs and would thwart other announce-ments of steel mills restarting in the United States. To summarize, the Corker amend-ment would permanently undermine a longstanding section of statute that makes sure the United States has the industries necessary to defend itself. It would let bad actors, like China, off the hook, able to flood our markets with unfairly traded steel. It disregards on-going negotiations with our NAFTA partners. It threatens the improve-ments seen in our steel and aluminum industries since the tariffs were im-posed. For all those reasons, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Objection is heard. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I don’t even know where to start. The Senator from Ohio is a friend of mine. We came in together at the same time. He has written books on labor and trade, and I respect the fact that he knows a great deal about the topic. We serve together on the Banking Com-mittee, and I respect him. Much of what he just said was fo-cused on China. I have never heard of a trade policy where you have a country like China, which is, in fact, dumping steel around the world because it is in their interest—I have never heard of a trade policy where you punish your friends in order to get at someone who is doing something to you. So we are punishing Canada and Mexico. We are fortunate to live in the neigh-borhood we live in, to have the neigh-bors we have. We are punishing our Eu-ropean allies, who have been with us for centuries, in order to get at China. It makes no sense. As a matter of fact, I haven’t heard a person who has gone to the White House to talk about what they are put-ting in place—a trade policy—come back over here and be able to articu-late anything coherent about that pol-icy. I haven’t heard a single soul be able to explain to me why we would punish our allies in Europe and our neighbors next door in order to get at China. Section 232 has nothing to do with China. That is absolutely not true; it has nothing to do with China. China is being punished by 201 and 301, and we are punishing our allies by abusing a national security section called 232. So I don’t know what to say. Mr. TOOMEY. Will the Senator yield? Mr. CORKER. Let me finish one more thing before I yield, and I will gladly yield. People in our Nation are being hurt today. People are being hurt. We saw the Harley-Davidson issue, where they are going to move some of the jobs overseas to avoid these tariffs. Other companies are going to be doing the same. Right now, farmers are being hurt around our country. On July 1, a whole other set of countermeasures is coming in from other countries. On July 6, there will be a whole other set of coun-termeasures coming in. I just want the record to be clear. The Senator from Ohio, my friend, will not even allow us to vote. If he dis-agrees with this policy, he can vote against it. He is not even allowing us to vote on something that could ease and stop the pain that is being inflicted on our country by a trade policy that is not coherent, that is being made up on a daily basis, and that has nothing whatsoever to do with what China is doing with steel and aluminum. I don’t know what this body has be-come when you can’t even vote on an issue that is current, that is damaging farmers more than 20 farm bills could make up for. With that, I yield the floor to my friend from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I thank my colleague from Tennessee. I will put aside how stunned I was to hear that my colleague from Ohio has suggested that maybe we want to emu-late the Communist-managed economy of China as a good model for economic development. That is just breathtaking to me. But I really want to stress the point that the Senator from Tennessee made, and that is the fact that this amendment has nothing to do with China. We can go on all day about how out-rageous some Chinese behavior is in the trade space. It is true; there is real-ly bad behavior, and, by the way, we need to address that. We would be better able to address things like the theft of intellectual property and porous technology trans-fer if our allies were working with us to address that outrageous behavior. But it is harder to get your allies to work with you when you are hitting them with tariffs and the excuse is na-tional security. Let me just put a little bit of scale to this. Our colleague suggested how im-portant it is that these industries sur-vive. I completely agree. Domestic pro-ducers produce 75 percent of all the steel we consume. We import about 25 percent of it. Do you know how much of that comes from China? About 2 per-cent of the 25 percent. We don’t import steel from China; that is the reality. We do import a little bit of steel. The No. 1 source is Canada, which buys more steel from us than we buy from them. So that is our national security threat; that is why we need to hit my constituents with a tax when they choose to buy those kinds of steel the Canadians happen to specialize in and Americans don’t. This makes no sense at all. Finally, my last point is this: We have sincerely held differences of opin-ions on this. Why can’t we vote? Isn’t that what the Senate is here for? Let’s debate this, let’s consider this, and let’s have a vote. I didn’t think the purpose of the Senate was to avoid votes that people think are tough or challenging or that they even disagree with. I fully accept disagreement. I don’t expect unanimous agreement on the outcome, on the policy. But why in the world is this a body that can’t have a debate and vote about something as timely, important, and relevant as this? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I will be very brief. I know the Senator from Ohio wants to speak, and the Sen-ator from Wyoming has been waiting. People in our Nation are being hurt today. Americans are being taxed heav-ily. A tariff is a tax on the American people. What the Senator from Ohio is doing is saying that the Senate should not even vote on a measure to alleviate the pain that Americans are going to feel and the jobs that are going to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.018 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4472 June 27, 2018 
lost over the next couple of months as this trade war continues. I am just disappointed. I cannot be-lieve it. With the zeal with which we both came to the Senate 11
1⁄2years ago to debate and deal with the big issues of our Nation and to have an amend-ment that is supported in a bipartisan way when people know that the trade policy being put forth by this adminis-tration is being made up on a daily basis and they know that jobs are going to be lost and farmers are al-ready hurt, we cannot even vote, even though we may disagree, on an amend-ment. So on this day, June 27, let it be known that on a bill that is very rel-evant because of the pain that farmers are going through, we were kept from voting on a measure that would have alleviated an incoherent policy from continuing as it relates to trade. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ap-preciate Senator C
ORKER ’s comments. I appreciate a little less those of Senator T
OOMEY , who tried to say that I was thinking that the People’s Republic of China has an economy we should emu-late. What I actually said—and I have seen him do this before. What I actually said is that China’s Government fights for its national interests by putting people to work, and our trade policy, for 25 years—since NAFTA, since PNTR, since CAFTA, since South Korea, many of them pushed by Presi-dents whom I have stood up for—has undermined American national secu-rity and domestic security. So I just reject that. But I appreciate Senator C
ORKER ’s comments about voting on this. This is a major change in policy, with no legis-lative hearings, with no real discussion or debate. It is a bit rich when the ma-jority party talks about our not allow-ing votes when, to start with, there was the Supreme Court nominee of 3 years ago and all the times we tried to do a transportation bill, important in our Banking Committee, as Senator C
ORKER knows. He wasn’t really part of the obstruction, but I just find it a bit rich. The reason is that Senator H
ATCH has already said he wants to do hearings to really understand what it would mean to roll back years of having these trade remedies, like 232. What would it mean? We have lost 7,000 jobs in the steel in-dustry in my State. I don’t know the number in Western and Central Penn-sylvania—in Senator T
OOMEY ’s State— but I want to move quickly on having these real discussions and real debates. Having a vote on a bill that nobody really understands, except it is react-ing to the President’s sometimes bun-gled positions and attempts on trade enforcement—I share that frustration. I am his ally on this, but I have been frustrated, too, with the back-and- forth on which countries are in and which countries are out. Fundamentally, tariffs are a tem-porary tool. They are not a trade pol-icy used by the President, in this case to force a discussion and a real policy about what to do with China’s excess capacity, where half the world’s steel can be made in one country, and they put people to work and undermine international trade laws by doing it. People in my State have paid the price, as they have all over the country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Madam President, this amendment has nothing to do with China. This amendment deals with Canada, Mexico, our European allies, and other countries. I guess when we go back home this week and we talk to our constituents and they talk to us— I had a member of the UAW write a let-ter to the editor thanking me for these efforts that are underway to stop these tariffs that are killing the automobile industry or will kill the automobile in-dustry that exists in Ohio and Ten-nessee. But I guess what I will tell him is, well, we couldn’t vote on a simple measure that would allow Congress to vote up or down on tariffs the Presi-dent negotiates. But what we are going to do, while you lose your jobs, while you pay 25 percent more for steel and aluminum, while these industries go away, I will tell them: Well, we are going to have hearings. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. BUDGET AND APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS  
Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I am so glad that you are presiding at this time because I know you are part of the Joint Select Committee on Budget Re-form. I want to address that a little bit. Earlier this week, the Senate passed its version of the fiscal year 2019 En-ergy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs spending bills. Prior to this week, the last time the Senate had passed its version of a regular appro-priations bill—not a supplemental or an omnibus bill—was more than 2 years ago. I commend Chairman S
HELBY and the members of the Appropriations Com-mittee for their work in getting us this far and for their commitment to re-storing a more regular process for the consideration of appropriations meas-ures. I hope that in the weeks to come, we will be able to process more such measures in a similarly productive manner. It was a long road getting to this point. Last February, after a brief gov-ernment shutdown that followed an im-migration policy dispute and a year-long stalemate on appropriations, Con-gress and the administration agreed to legislation establishing new discre-tionary spending caps for this fiscal year and the next and providing a proc-ess for budget enforcement—something normally done by the Budget Com-mittee. This latest budget agreement follows a string of 2-year budget deals, each reached under the threat of a shut-down. In fact, frustration with the cur-rent process has grown so great that through the February legislation, Con-gress created the Joint Select Com-mittee tasked with improving our bro-ken budget and appropriations process. I commend the Joint Committee and its leaders, Co-Chairman WOMACK and Co-Chairwoman L
OWEY , for their work on this subject. Our budget and appro-priations process is clearly in need of reform, and I wish them success in this effort. Today, I rise to share some of my thoughts and experiences on this sub-ject, having led bipartisan efforts in the Senate Budget Committee to ex-plore and reform the budget process. As my colleagues know, the Senate Budget Committee sets the top-line spending levels that the Appropriations Committee then divides each year among the various departments and ac-counts. The Appropriations Committee does the specific spending. While there are many potential improvements we could make in this process, I will focus my remarks at this time on just three points. First, the annual spending process will never truly improve so long as we are willing to hold it hostage to larger ideological or political battles. Both sides have been guilty of this in the past, and until we are willing to say ‘‘no more,’’ no process reform will suc-ceed. I am hopeful that the progress we are seeing now on fiscal year 2019 ap-propriations bills is a sign that we have reached a tipping point and are willing to work together, as the American peo-ple expect us to do. The second topic I want to address is the need to move to a biennial funding cycle. I have been pleased to hear some members of the joint committee voice support for this concept, and I hope that consensus on this point continues to build. The appropriations process—the spending process—has rarely worked as intended. In all but 4 years between 1977 and 2018, continuing resolutions, or CRs, were enacted because of the fail-ure of Congress to complete all of the regular appropriations bills before the beginning of the new fiscal year. We have actually had more than 180 con-tinuing resolutions signed into law over the last four decades. In this fiscal year alone, we required five. These short-term continuing resolu-tions keep the government funded while we continue our work, but their recurring nature demonstrates the problems with our current process. The individual agencies have to operate on last year’s budget until something new is approved. All too often, by the time Congress can agree on how to appro-priate money for a given year, the re-sult is a massive omnibus that funds the entire government. Members are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.019 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4473 June 27, 2018 
then presented with a choice—either pass the bill or shut down the govern-ment. I have long believed that one of the most important things we can do is fix this process. The way to do that would be to move to a biennial appropriations system. By providing funding for 2 years instead of 1, Congress would im-mediately make the consideration of regular appropriations measures more likely. Instead of subjecting itself to a nearly perpetual annual cycle of devel-oping and attempting to pass 12 appro-priations bills for the next fiscal year, which starts October 1, Congress could spread those bills over 2 years, allow-ing more time to develop and scruti-nize them and give 2 years’ worth of planning to everybody. Not only would a biennial appropria-tions process help Congress execute its power of the purse, it would also ben-efit the Federal agencies too. Agencies would have more time to devote to de-veloping and to executing long-term strategies and would finally have some certainty in their budgets. Nowhere is the need for this more ob-vious than at the Department of De-fense. The Budget Committee has heard repeatedly from Defense Depart-ment leaders that the one thing they want more than anything is budgetary certainty. Annual spending fights and the inability to plan under continuing resolutions have wreaked havoc on the Department’s workforce and con-tracting efforts. Secretary of the Navy Richard Spen-cer recently delivered public remarks in which he identified $4 billion in waste due to a lack of financial sta-bility. He said: 
Since 2001, we have put $4 billion in a trash can, poured lighter fluid on top of it, and burned it. It’s enough money that it can buy us the additional capacity and capability that we need. Instead, that $4 billion of tax-payer money has been lost because of ineffi-ciencies [caused by] continuing resolutions. 
Transitioning to a biennial appro-priations process could help solve that problem. Last Congress, I introduced legisla-tion that would continue the budget resolution process on an annual cycle in order to allow for top-line adjust-ments and reconciliation instructions as events warrant but would move to-ward a bifurcated biennial appropria-tions process. Under such a proposal, appropriations would continue to be di-vided among 12 different bills, 6 of which would be adopted in the first ses-sion of Congress, and 6 would be adopt-ed in the second session. Maybe we could even make it so the six toughest ones would be done right after an elec-tion and the six easier ones, just before an election, to take more of the poli-tics out of it. By cutting in half the number of bills required to be adopted annually, Con-gress could create space for itself to de-vote more time and attention to over-sight and other national priorities. If adopted, I believe this proposal would yield a more sustainable and successful budget and appropriations process—a goal I believe both parties share. I thank Speaker of the House RYAN for his comments this morning in which he suggested that we should do it on a biennial basis and that they should be divided into two segments of six, each for a 2-year period, so they would stagger how they are ap-proached. My third suggestion is a minor one but could have some of the most sig-nificant impact on the budget. The first one is, change the name of the Budget Committee. People think that we actually make all of those spending decisions. We don’t. We set the top line for the Appropriations Committee, which is also improperly named, so they can do their work. My suggestion would be that we stop calling the Budg-et Committee the Budget Committee and call it the Debt Control Com-mittee. We ought to be and are respon-sible for seeing how much revenue is coming in and what some of the dif-ferent allocations are and doing a lot of reviews of that and checking to see what the debt-to-GDP ratio is going to be and how much the debt limit is going to go up, which becomes another subject of debate. If that were the Debt Control Committee, all of that could be done in committee, with one approval here on the floor. The other half of that suggestion is that the Appropriations Committee ought to be called the Budget Com-mittee because they really are the ones in control of the spending, in control of the budget. In every State in the Na-tion, the committee that actually does the appropriations is the budget com-mittee. That would stop the flood of people who come in right after the President’s budget comes out and be-fore the Senate Budget Committee does their work, where they think they have to come in and ask for the details on their expenditures at that time. If it was the Debt Control Committee, they would have a whole different perspec-tive on what it was that committee is trying to do, and they would take their suggestions to the appropriate com-mittee, which would be the Appropria-tions Committee, renamed the ‘‘Budget Committee’’ so they would understand what they are doing. As the Joint Select Committee con-tinues to work, I encourage my col-leagues here and in the other body to consider biennial appropriations as a necessary reform. I wish them success in their endeavor. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I rise today to talk about the farm bill. I want to start by thanking Senators R
OBERTS and S TABENOW for making this farm bill a model of bipartisan-ship. I have lived in a community in New-ark for the last two-plus decades that most folks would not associate with a farm bill. The truth is, the issue we are grappling with in this bill affect all of our American communities—suburban, urban, and rural alike. Folks in my community have borne the burden of horrific environmental injustices for decades—from toxins that poisoned our river, to lead in our soil, to pollutants in the air. Families in my city cannot plant crops in their soil because huge swaths of my city in many areas are toxic. We also have food deserts that exist in communities like mine, where people don’t have ac-cess to healthy foods. I have also visited rural areas of our country that endure the same kinds of injustices. I have met families who cannot open their windows because in-dustrial farming operations are spray-ing waste into the surrounding air. Families can’t hang their clothes out-side, they can’t run their air-condi-tioning, and they can’t plant in their soil because of the way we do factory farming. The truth is, pollution and environ-mental degradation at the local scale, in communities like mine and many of the communities I visited, are real for folks all across this country. It is real for rural folks; it is real for urban folks; and it is real for suburban folks. It has caused the same misaligned in-centives that are also contributing to the much larger scale problem of cli-mate change. Just like local-scale pol-lution—toxins—in communities like mine and others, global climate change is very real and cannot be ignored be-cause of its impacts on folks all over our country, particularly on those in vulnerable communities. So I will take a few moments to talk about these kinds of pollutants and to talk about climate change, which is closely intertwined with issues within the farm bill, even if it doesn’t appear to be so at first glance. The numbers on what is happening to our climate are clear. We know that at-mospheric carbon dioxide levels are higher now than they have been at any point in recorded history and that our global carbon emissions are still rising. Sixteen of the seventeen warmest years on record in history have all oc-curred in the 21st century, and if noth-ing changes, we are headed for 3 de-grees Celsius of warming by 2100, which would cause catastrophic changes in many parts of the world and in many parts of the United States of America. Hurricanes in the North Atlantic will actually continue to become stronger and more intense and potentially more devastating. Drought and heat waves out West will become ever more fre-quent, and parts of the southwestern United States could see temperatures above 100 degrees for one-third of the year. All of the extreme weather will have a dramatic impact on our farmers. Cli-mate change is real for American fam-ily farmers even now. Some U.S. crop yields are expected to drop signifi-cantly with climate change, and esti-mates suggest that under a ‘‘business 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.021 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4474 June 27, 2018 
as usual’’ emissions scenario, yields of wheat and soybeans and corn could fall by 20 to 50 percent by the end of this century. Just as climate change impacts our agricultural system, our agricultural system also impacts the climate. Al-though it is often not discussed in the same breath as transportation or power generation, the global agricultural in-dustry is, actually, one of the largest contributors to climate change. Some estimates suggest that up to one-third of our global greenhouse gas emissions come from agriculture, and these num-bers are projected to grow and grow and grow as people’s diets from around the world continue to change. In fact, as China and India and parts of Africa move to a Western diet, our globe sim-ply cannot sustain that impact. As peo-ple shift to our diet, global agricultural emissions are projected to rise another 80 percent by 2050 alone. This is huge. This is unsustainable. Industrial animal agriculture, in par-ticular, is especially harmful to the cli-mate. This factory farming is having a tremendous impact on our climate. Globally, livestock production alone accounts for nearly 15 percent of all human-caused greenhouse gas emis-sions, which is greater than the total greenhouse gas emissions for the entire global transportation sector. It is a fact. We have all of the tools we need to tackle the dual challenge of climate change and environmental degradation, but in order to solve these problems, we must address the impacts of this consolidating global industrial farming system. This system is having an im-pact on our climate and environment. The farm bill should find ways to re-duce the pollution, to reduce the im-pact, to reduce the environmentally devastating impact it is having on our country. The 2018 Senate farm bill takes some small steps in the right di-rection. The farm bill grows the overall fund-ing for agricultural conservation prac-tices. It encourages farmers to plant cover crops, which improve soil and water quality. The farm bill also helps to drive climate-smart agriculture with several initiatives to keep carbon stored in our soils and in our forests. Yet what we really need is a funda-mental shift in some of the major ele-ments of our food system, shifts that, actually, can improve health and well- being and improve our Nation as a whole. We need to emphasize local farm economies, where food is produced in a way that minimally impacts the envi-ronment and, actually, empowers our small- and medium-sized farmers. We also need to grow more of our produce by using organic and regenerative methods. We need to put limits on the ability of major agricultural corporations, which are growing in size, to consoli-date—to merge—and dictate the mar-ket. These corporate agricultural insti-tutions that are growing so large and so powerful are dictating practices that are contrary to our very idea of farm-ing in our country, whereby small- and medium-sized farmers who engage in practices that are more sustainable are being overrun by these large factory farms. We need to protect small family farmers from being squeezed out of business. I am a New Jersey Senator, but I have been meeting farmers from all over our country who have told me the painful stories of what we are allowing to happen as our country is being gut-ted out of our traditional farmers by these big agribusinesses. Consolidation in the agricultural in-dustry is threatening the American farmer. The top four grain companies today control 90 percent of the global grain trade, and just four companies now control 60 percent of the poultry market. While giant agribusinesses are posting record earnings, our farmers— our American farmers—are facing des-perate times. A farmer’s share of every retail dollar has plummeted from 41 percent in 1950 to, approximately, 15 percent today. Many of these large cor-porate agricultural companies—some of them are not even American- owned—are continuing to punish Amer-ica’s small farmers by shrinking their margins, driving them out of business, and undermining what is an American way of life. This consolidation must stop. I am working on a new bill that would help address this challenge, but for the farm bill that is before us, I will speak now about three amendments that I have filed. First, I will talk about the amend-ment that Senator L
EEand Senator H
ASSAN and I have filed—a bipartisan amendment that would make much needed reforms to our checkoff pro-grams. Checkoff programs collect fees which amount to their being a tax on all farmers. They collect these fees from producers of particular agricultural commodities. They are supposed to use these fees that are collected from farm-ers to promote and do research on that particular commodity. Unfortunately, we have seen some of these checkoff programs plagued by conflicts of inter-est—people who are engaging in anti- competitive behavior and funneling dollars to trade associations that only represent a sliver of the farmers who are required to pay into the checkoff programs. As one would imagine, those farmers who get the benefit are the big agribusinesses, often to the detriment of our small- and medium-sized farm-ers. Let me give you some examples. We know, for example, in 2015, that documents obtained from requests under the Freedom of Information Act showed that the American Egg Board illegally used checkoff dollars to at-tempt to halt the sales of an egg-free mayonnaise product. Talk about anti- competitive activities. In 2016, it was discovered that the Oklahoma Beef Council lost 2.6 million checkoff dollars to embezzlement by a staff member who wrote over 790 fraud-ulent checks to herself during a 10-year period. In 2017, it came to light that the USDA had failed for more than 4 years to publish legally required annual fi-nancial reports on the $400 million per year dairy checkoff program. This year, 2018, a Federal court ruled that the USDA had unlawfully ap-proved the spending of $60 million of hog farmers’ checkoff money on a defunct promotional campaign. So this amendment I am leading with Senator LEEand Senator H ASSAN  would make some commonsense re-forms to the checkoff program in order to stop these abuses. Frankly, I don’t see how anyone could argue against what are very commonsense, moderate reforms to the checkoff program so as to create fairness and transparency and actually stop and prohibit these con-flicts of interest. That is what the amendment would do—prohibit con-flicts of interest. The amendment would require more transparency and mandate that the USDA publish budgets and expendi-tures that the USDA approves. The amendment would prohibit anti- competitive behavior, such as we saw from the American Egg Board in its at-tacking of a startup company that it viewed as a threat. The language from the emails was actually stunning— about working to kill a business. The amendment would prohibit checkoff boards from contracting with entities that engage in ag lobbying. I am one of those people. We have enough lobbyists here in DC, so I hope that this bipartisan amendment to im-plement commonsense reforms will get a vote and that it will receive the bi-partisan support it needs to pass. There are two other amendments I have filed that I would like to discuss that would help to protect contract farmers. They are the salt of the Earth. These farmers are Americans, many of whom have been on their land for gen-erations, and what is happening now is unacceptable. The first amendment I am filing to protect contract farmers would pro-hibit retaliation against these farmers by the large integrators, like Smith-field and Tyson. As our agricultural markets have be-come more and more corporate-con-centrated, the rights and bargaining power of our family farmers have di-minished dramatically. The traditional model of independent farmers selling to independent processors has shifted toward one of contract production, par-ticularly in the livestock and poultry sectors. Farmers now go into debt in excess of $1 million to help build the facilities on their farms in order to get into this new contract production and often put their farms and their homes up as collateral. For the majority of contract farmers, the large corporate integrator with which one must contract is either the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.022 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4475 June 27, 2018 
only company or one of two companies in a farmer’s area. These farmers sim-ply don’t have the option of shifting to other buyers. Under these new cir-cumstances of consolidated corporate, major agribusinesses, contract farm-ers—small farmers, small business peo-ple—are left incredibly vulnerable to retaliation by these big corporate agri-businesses. At least one—Smithfield, for example—is not even an American company. It is a Chinese company. Recently, I had some contract farm-ers come to my office to meet with me. These farmers were terrified of coming to DC and actually talking to Members of Congress and Senators. They were terrified that the integrators they con-tract with might find out that they were talking to us and raising legiti-mate concerns about the abuses they were suffering. This is the United States of America. We are making our farmers, our small business people, afraid of even talking about the abuses they are suffering from these massive, multinational ag-ricultural corporations. Our contract farmers should not have to live like this. They should not have to be afraid that they will be retaliated against for engaging in lawful activities like speaking with Members of Congress or the USDA or for joining together in producer associations. James Madi-son’s Federalist No. 50 talks about this idea of free association. Yet these con-tract farmers are afraid of doing that. The second amendment I am filing to help contract farmers would require transparency in how these large cor-porate integrators calculate the pay-ments they make to contract farmers. The payment mechanisms that are used by poultry companies and meat packers to pay livestock and poultry farmers are deliberately opaque. It is deliberately difficult to understand how those payments are made. Not only does this lack of transparency make it difficult for farmers to make wise business decisions, but it allows integrators to manipulate the farmers’ compensation. It is a practice that is despicable. It is not the free, open, and transparent market we all claim to have in the United States. These are large, concentrated, massive corpora-tions manipulating local contract farmers in our communities for nefar-ious purposes. My amendment would simply require poultry companies, swine contractors, and meat packers to provide farmers with the relevant statistical informa-tion and data used to calculate their compensation. This is clear. You shouldn’t do these things to squeeze or retaliate or pit farmers against each other. These are businesses. Have some transparency about the data so busi-nesses can make sound decisions. When President Obama left office, the USDA would have proposed rules that would have prohibited this kind of retaliation from these large corporate entities. They would prohibit retalia-tion by integrating and requiring more transparency in payments to contract farmers. We were moving in the right direction. Unfortunately, under this administration, when they came in, they killed these GIPSA rules, once again siding with big agribusinesses, some of which are these foreign-owned companies that are coming in and ren-dering our contract farmers and our small family businesses into what has been compared to sharecropping. The dignity of these small busi-nesses, the humanity, the American tradition of farming is being eroded and undermined by these massive cor-porations, many of them foreign- owned. They are attacking our way of life. They are attacking one of the most dignified professions in America, which is small farming. It is out-rageous and unacceptable what is going on to contract farmers across our coun-try. These two amendments would reverse the Trump administration’s rollback of these important protections for our small contract farmers. I urge, with all of my heart, my colleagues to support these two amendments to be with the small farmers of America, to be with these people who are now struggling with mortgages and facing bankruptcy, who are now suffering because of these large corporations that are making their lives so difficult, that are under-mining what has been the American way for centuries. I conclude by speaking about the im-portance of SNAP and SNAP assistance for the food insecure. I was relieved. I actually rejoiced to see that the Senate farm bill does not cut SNAP funding. In 2014, I voted against the farm bill because it contained more than $8 bil-lion in cuts to SNAP, the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program. It disproportionately helps people in my State of New Jersey, so the cuts disproportionately impacted my State. The truth is, at a time when we con-tinue to heavily subsidize these large agribusinesses, I say very purposely that there is still corporate welfare in our farm bill. We should not force struggling families, seniors, and dis-abled citizens, working Americans to make sacrifices they can’t afford. At the end of the day, this program aims to feed our country’s most vulnerable population, with more than half of SNAP recipients being children and seniors. I repeat that. More than half of SNAP’s benefits are for our kids and our elderly. In my home State of New Jersey, ap-proximately 142,000 senior citizens and 113,000 disabled residents receive SNAP. SNAP helps a cross-section of Americans in all ethnic groups. SNAP helps folks in our cities, towns, sub-urbs, and rural communities alike, and SNAP feeds our family farmers who too often rely on food assistance to feed themselves and their families while producing the food we eat. The irony of that is unacceptable. SNAP feeds our childcare workers, our healthcare pro-viders, and our veterans. SNAP feeds those who are in between jobs or who have three jobs and are still struggling to make ends meet. I am glad to see the Senate bill has rejected the damaging and destructive SNAP cuts in the partisan House farm bill because, the truth is, at a time when over 13 million children in our country—please understand, the chil-dren in America, a global, knowledge- based society, the greatest natural re-source a country has is not coal, oil or gas, but the genius of our children, and young minds need proper nutrition. At a time when 13 million children in our country face food insecurity, what we need to be doing is funding programs like SNAP—not funding them less but actually funding them more. SNAP plays a critical role in making sure children are able to focus in a classroom and not be distracted about where their next meal is coming from or the hunger pains they are feeling. I live in a low-income community. I am a Senator who lives in a commu-nity where, according to the last cen-sus, the median income is $14,000 per household. I see my neighbors, working folk, working full-time jobs and still not making ends meet. When I go to my local bodega, I see people use pro-grams like SNAP. God bless America, if we are not going to raise the min-imum wage so people who work a full- time job in this country don’t have to still live in poverty, we should not be cutting programs that are essential to helping families meet their nutritional needs. I see this at the end of the month when SNAP benefits are run-ning out. One study shows that calories fall by up to 25 percent—the intake of calories for folks on food stamps—from the beginning of the month to the end. Families struggle. Kids struggle when there is less food in the house, when they go to school hungry. What does that do to cultivate that genius? That is why we should be passing the SNAP for Kids Act of 2018 introduced by my friend and colleague Senator K
IRSTEN GILLIBRAND . If we are serious about helping our communities and making sure every child, every adult, every senior citizen has access to their next meal, this legislation is impor-tant. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. KENNEDY. Madam President, I would like to talk today for a few min-utes about food stamps and the farm bill. Let me preface it by saying, it has been my experience that the American people are the most generous people in the world. We spend about $1 trillion of tax-payer money at the Federal, State, and local levels helping our neighbors who are less fortunate than we are. In America—and I am very proud of this— if you are homeless, we will house you. If you are too poor to be sick, we will pay for your doctors. If you are hungry, we will feed you. That separates our country from a lot of other countries 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.023 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4476 June 27, 2018 
that exist and have existed in the world, and I am very proud of those principles as an American. So I do get upset when people suggest that the American taxpayer is not generous with his or her money. We are the most generous people in the world. In that regard, I know that for many Americans, the Food Stamp Program— we call it the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, some people call it SNAP—means the difference between an empty stomach and a warm meal, and that is just a fact. I am talking about the men and women, many of whom are hard-working, who do all they can to provide for their families, but they need just a little extra help to put food on the table. The American people are happy to provide it. Each and every year, the Federal Government spends more than $68 bil-lion to make sure no American has to wonder where his or her next meal is going to come from. It is the gen-erosity of the American people that pays for those meals. If the Food Stamp Program is going to continue to provide food to the 42.2 million Americans who use their bene-fits every month—and I want you to think about that number—42.2 million Americans out of a country of over 120 million, including one in five Louisian-ians, we have to do our part to ensure our program’s integrity. This is a natural fact. The Food Stamp Program is rife with fraud and criminal activity. Every year more than $1.2 million of SNAP benefits are stolen or misused by criminals. So it is no wonder Congress has been dis-cussing requiring photo identification at the point of sale for the Food Stamp Program since the 1970s. As early as 1981, our GAO testified— and GAO, they are not politicians, not Republicans, and not Democrats. I don’t mean this in a pejorative sense, but they are bean counters. GAO testi-fied that such efforts would be effective in reducing overissuance, but we have not acted. Reform is long overdue, and the time to act, it seems to me, is right now when we are considering the farm bill. If SNAP is going to be available to the people who depend on it most of the years to come, we have to do more to ensure that taxpayer dollars are going where taxpayers intended them to go. That is why I have offered an amend-ment to the farm bill which will help protect our precious SNAP dollars by requiring a photo ID to use your bene-fits. It doesn’t take anybody off the rolls, it just says you have to have a photo ID to use your benefits. This amendment is very simple. It will require States to list on EBT cards the names of all of those who are eligi-ble to use the EBT card. Household members listed on the card must then produce photo ID at point of sale when they use the EBT cards—about as sim-ple as you can get. Two States right now are already doing it and doing it successfully. One State is Maine and one is Massachu-setts. They both have successful SNAP benefit photo ID bills in law that are already saving thousands—indeed, probably millions—of taxpayer dollars. This should send a very clear message to every Governor and every legisla-ture and every Congresswoman and every Congressman that food stamp re-forms can work. In the past few months, we had nu-merous SNAP benefit fraud cases that have been identified throughout our country. In Tennessee, for example, two men were found to have been sell-ing their EBT cards to undercover cops in exchange for cash and heroin. In New Jersey, a couple managing a gro-cery store exchanged more than $4 mil-lion in SNAP or food stamp benefits for cash between the years 2014 and 2017. In Rochester, NY, a storeowner was found to have used cash to purchase food stamp benefits from beneficiaries for less than half their full value over a 5-year period. Now that is not what the American taxpayer intends the Food Stamp Program to do. That one individual’s criminal actions cost tax-payers and people who really need food stamps $1.2 million. That was only one act, and I could go on and on. In the farm bill, we are asking the taxpayers to spend $68 billion a year. We throw this figure ‘‘1 billion’’ around like it is a nickel. A billion dollars is a lot. If I started counting right now to a billion—1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10—it would take me 32 years to count to 1 billion. It would be 2050 when I fin-ished. I wouldn’t make it. We are asking taxpayers not to spend $1 billion a year, but $68 billion of their money on the farm bill. We have an ob-ligation, therefore, to keep an eye on that money and to make sure it is going to those who need it the most. The Federal Government and not a sin-gle one of us in this Congress should stand by and tolerate criminal stealing from the mouths of children. That is not a Democratic principle; that is not a Republican principle. That is a human principle. We owe it to the American taxpayer and to every family who relies on food stamps to put food on the table to pro-tect the program from those who would take advantage of our generous Amer-ican spirit. It is in that spirit that I will be offering my amendment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The Senator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Madam President, first, I want to acknowledge and thank Chairman P
ATROBERTS and Ranking Member D
EBBIE STABENOW for their in-credible hard work and commitment to draft such a strong bipartisan farm bill. We would not be here today if it weren’t for their tenacity. I think, more importantly, we would not be here today if it weren’t for their love of agriculture and their love of rural America. Knowing these are chal-lenging times in rural America, the one thing we can do here is to take this im-portant policy and enact it into law so that we can give a 5-year window of certainty to American farmers and farmers in my State. Over 90 percent of the land in North Dakota is engaged in the production of agriculture, whether it is farming or ranching. It is the bedrock of what we do in North Dakota. In fact, it is who we are. In every given year, 30,000 farmers and ranchers lead the Nation in the production of over 10 different com-modities. These agriculture products are sold in every State and exported to every corner of the globe. At a time when farm income is down and com-modity prices have declined, it is so important that we, as members of the Senate, work together in a bipartisan way to provide our Nation’s farmers and ranchers with a strong farm bill. With disruptions in trade weighing heavily on our agricultural producers, the single most important job right now is to provide certainty to farmers and ranchers by passing this farm bill and reauthorizing it beyond September 30, 2018. In fact, it is important to note that net farm income since 2013 has been lit-erally cut in half. When people say: Why do we need a farm bill? Why should we care? I would suggest that if we want food security in this country and if we want to make sure that we have farmers in this country, we need to care. How many American families could really support or weather a 50-percent reduction in their income? When I first came to the Senate, I was fortunate enough to receive a committee assign-ment on the Senate Agricultural Com-mittee, which for North Dakota is, quite honestly, the highest and most important committee assignment. Passing a strong, bipartisan farm bill has been my highest priority since coming to the Senate. I helped to write, negotiate, and pass the 2014 farm bill, and as a member of the Ag Com-mittee, I have been working with farm-ers and ranchers to make sure that the 2018 farm bill is as strong as possible for North Dakota. Since 2014, when the farm bill was signed into law, I have heard from countless farmers and ranchers about what programs worked and what didn’t work and how we can build a stronger rural America. While the 2014 farm bill addressed a number of key priorities needed to ensure an effective safety net for farmers and ranchers, there were challenges with aspects of the law. Un-derstanding these concerns, I am pleased that members of the com-mittee, the current administration, the chair, and ranking member have been willing partners in addressing these important challenges. In particular, I am excited that this bipartisan farm bill includes language from our ARC-CO Improvement Act, a bill I introduced with Senator E
RNST  last October. It works to strengthen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.025 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4477 June 27, 2018 
and improve the Agricultural Risk Coverage-County Program. This lan-guage would direct the Farm Service Agency to use more widely available data from the Risk Management Agen-cy as the first choice in calculating yields so that county level data is more accurate and updated. This would cal-culate safety net payments to reflect what is owed to producers in the phys-ical county where their farms are lo-cated and not where their farmstead is. This bill succeeds in protecting and improving the safety net that allows farmers and ranchers to weather the most difficult times and thrive during favorable conditions. This bill extends and makes improvements to the com-modity programs passed in the 2014 farm bill and maintains the farm safe-ty net that is crop insurance. I do want to give a shout out to my colleague Senator R
OBERTS . Every time there was testimony on the farm bill, he started with crop insurance, crop insurance, crop insurance; and that is a sentiment that is shared by almost every producer in my State. From those provisions passed in 2014, this bill extends the livestock disaster programs, which played a valuable role in North Dakota last year as we experi-enced one of the worst droughts in our recent history. Additionally, this farm bill includes a number of provisions that work to improve access for beginning farmers and ranchers. Included in the bipar-tisan bill is part of the Next Genera-tion in Agriculture Act, which I intro-duced with my colleague Senator C
OL-
LINS. It provides baseline funding for the Beginning Farmer and Rancher De-velopment Program, and it would cod-ify positions at the USDA to coordi-nate beginning farmer and rancher pro-grams and to provide youth organiza-tion outreach. The average age of farmers in our State and across the country is way too old. If we are going to help to build that next generation of farmers, we are going to have to pay attention to those risks and respond to those risks in a way that will make a difference for our future production. I am also excited that this legislation includes a number of provisions that work to raise the profile of Indian Tribes within the farm bill, and it in-cludes a provision from the Tribal Food and Housing Security Act, which I in-troduced earlier this year. Specifically, the provision included from my bill would waive the majority, if not all, of the administrative costs required to run the Food Distribution Program on Indian Reservations, which Tribes use to provide healthy, affordable food op-tions to low-income individuals and families. It also would establish a per-manent Rural Development Tribal Technical Assistance Office at USDA to provide rural development support for Native American communities and to offer greater certainty for the cur-rent Tribal Promise Zone designees. As we consider the farm bill, I want-ed to make sure that Indian Country had a seat at the table, which is why I introduced this legislation. Indian Country faces a unique set of chal-lenges, many of which can be addressed in the farm bill. I think sometimes we forget that the fundamental occupa-tion of many of the Tribal members in my State is farming and ranching. I think we also sometimes forget that they suffer not only historic challenges to economic development but, as we are experiencing in all of rural Amer-ica, challenges in economic develop-ment that are not only from the res-ervation but also from being rural. Checkoff programs are vitally impor-tant for our ag commodities, as they provide beneficial research, promotion, and education services to the producers they represent. It is critical that these programs function as intended in order to be preserved and protected from un-necessary scrutiny. The beef checkoff program has not, for some time, rep-resented the majority view of beef pro-ducers and hasn’t been functioning as intended. As such, I strongly encourage my colleagues to examine with a crit-ical eye the Beef Promotion and Re-search Act of 1985 to ensure that the checkoff functions as a truly inde-pendent organization, representing the needs and viewpoints of the majority of our Nation’s beef producers. The farm bill also makes important investments in ag research and en-hances trade. I strongly believe that we need to increase our investment in re-search. I am pleased to see a robust level of support for our land-grant uni-versities, and the inclusion of the Pol-linator Health Task Force and funding is maintained in this bill. But I agree that more should be done in order to enhance agriculture so we may con-tinue to be competitive on the global stage. With that said, we also have to im-prove market access and develop new export opportunities for our agricul-tural products. In North Dakota, we export soybeans to China, beans to Cuba, and barley to Mexico. And the list goes on. Building upon these suc-cesses will play a critical role in the improvement of the economic health of rural America. During consideration of the farm bill, we must also work to protect programs that are vitally important to farmers in my State who provide and produce American-grown sugar. Last week, I had the opportunity to deliver to each Senator a simple Hershey’s candy bar with a sticker labeling the cost of the sugar included. First, I am going to thank Curt Knutson, a sugar beet farm-er in the Red River Valley, who took time to put these candy bars together for me. In fact, he said he saw a rainy day, and he quickly put the stickers on. I think you will hear a lot about the sugar program. People have probably been down here telling you how it bur-dens the confectionary industry and how this will, in fact, increase their costs. I think it is absolutely critical that you know that in this candy bar— not this big one, but a normal size one—there is only 2 cents’ worth of sugar. Did you know that in 1980, a candy bar like this cost 35 cents and had 2 pennies’ worth of sugar in it? Today, this same candy bar costs $1.49, but still contains just 2 cents of sugar. Don’t let anyone tell you that we have a crisis as it relates to the sugar program. The beet farmers and the sugar cane farmers guarantee a steady supply of sugar in this country, and we know that we need to maintain that in-dustry in our State. I would encourage everyone to keep that in mind as they are being asked to roll back the sugar policy in the farm bill. Each year, our sugar industry em-ploys nearly 142,000 Americans in 22 States and generates over $20 billion in economic activity. The policy that makes it all possible—listen to this—is at a zero cost to taxpayers. Given the economic importance of this industry to our Nation, it is critical that we maintain the sugar program to protect the many jobs in this industry and so that we can continue to enjoy Amer-ican-grown sugar. The chairman and ranking member really deserve incredible praise for the work they have done collaboratively, not just with members of our com-mittee but, as you see in the back here, working with Members who aren’t on the Ag Committee to listen to their re-sponse. This farm bill works to im-prove programs that were authorized by the 2014 farm bill and to provide much needed certainty to farmers and ranchers. I want to make a general observa-tion. When all of us go home, we are asked: Why can’t you get anything done? Why can’t you work together to solve America’s problems? I think it would be a wonderful way to exit for the Fourth of July if we were allowed an opportunity to say in a bipartisan way, after a robust discussion about amendments: We passed a farm bill. I know the Presiding Officer knows how important the farm bill is to her State of Mississippi. She comes with that as her top priority. Let’s get this done. Let’s work together. Let’s try and overcome any hurdles that we have right now. Let’s tell the American peo-ple that, when it comes to producing their food and having them access their food, this food bill is possible in a time of great division in this country. I am proud to have been a member of the Ag Committee. I am proud to say I played a role in improving this farm bill. I look forward to not only passing it but seeing what comes out of the conference committee. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Thank you, Madam President. I know the Presiding Officer is a cat-tle farmer, as I think they are referred to in Mississippi. It is an honor to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.026 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4478 June 27, 2018 
here on the floor with you to talk about important work for Mississippi. Colorado is an incredibly diverse State. When it comes to our economy, we are the—if you look at jobs per cap-ita, we have more aerospace jobs per capita than any other State in the country. We have the second highest number of jobs outright, second only to California. Our tourism industry is world renowned—our first-class ski re-sorts, our gold medal trout fishing streams. It is incredible, all that we have. We are also one of the country’s biggest agricultural producers. In fact, the ag economy in Colorado remains the fundamental foundational building block of our economy. I grew up in a part of Colorado that looks more like Kansas. Most people think it is in Kansas instead of Colo-rado. This is my backyard. This is where I live. I live in town. This is a farm, a pivot irrigation system that I grew up with. In fact, our family sells farm equipment. I have told stories about that to everybody here—every-body who will listen—so many times that they have probably stopped listen-ing. I grew up selling farm equipment. I can remember, when I first ran for office, going around eastern Colorado and introducing myself to farmers. I would introduce myself. I would say: Hi, I am C
ORYGARDNER , and I am run-ning for the State legislature. I have met most of you at the implement dealership. I have sold half of you the wrong parts. I quit using that line when everybody would shake their head—yes, you have. So I grew up knowing a lot of great people in agri-culture through that business. Water is the lifeblood of our area. Ag-riculture is the lifeblood of our area. There is an old saying that sometimes if there is a downturn in agriculture, then our community will feel it next week. Well, that is not true anymore. If we have a downturn in agriculture, our community feels it that day. That is how connected we are to global com-modity prices and what it means for us. I am fifth-generation Coloradoan. Our entire family has been all agri-culture. It is the heart and soul of who we are as a country, and that is why this farm bill debate is so important. In Colorado, we have tremendous crop opportunities, livestock opportu-nities. We have some of the best hay operations in America. In fact, several of our counties—Yuma County, which is the county I am from, over the years has been ranked and rated one of the top corn-producing counties in the Na-tion. We are a leading wheat exporter. Eighty-seven percent of the wheat that is produced in the 4th Congressional District—my old 4th Congressional Dis-trict in Colorado—gets exported over-seas. The research we are doing out in eastern Colorado on dryland cropping systems is pretty remarkable—the Akron research station there. The San Luis Valley is known na-tionally and around the world for our high-quality San Luis Valley potatoes, purple potatoes that you can get from the San Luis Valley. We have sorghum and barley. A lot of people are familiar with our Banquet beer in Colorado. We have great beef. We have pintos and po-tatoes. We have it all. And, of course, who could forget our world-renowned Palisade peaches? It is that time of year now when we are starting to see peaches in the farmers markets and in the stands all around. I challenge any-body from South Carolina or Georgia to compare their peaches to our peach-es because we know we have the best. We are coming up on the Peach Fes-tival, as well, in the Western Slope of Colorado. We certainly have sugar beets. We have an incredibly diverse econ-omy. We have a diverse economy that represents a lot of export opportuni-ties. Some of our best exports and some of our largest exports are beef. Frozen beef, fresh beef—you name it; we have a lot of beef. That is why trade is so critically important to our economy. We are going to get our ag economy growing. By the way, ag is kind of facing a tough time right now. Farm receipts are down about 35 percent from what they were in 2013. If you look at some of the golden years of agriculture not too long ago, we are probably down even further than that. When com-modity prices drop, when exports drop, these communities that I grew up in— these agricultural communities in the Western Slope of Colorado and in the Eastern Plains—they feel that impact not next week, not the week after, they feel it immediately. That is why trade is so important. Let me give an example of this field right here. If you had an irrigated cornfield in Colorado—let’s say that you had a good year. Let’s say that you raised 225 bushels an acre of corn. Let’s say that in May the price of corn was $4.05. I looked it up yesterday, and it was about $3.55. That 50-cent drop in commodity price on 160 acres—if you take 160 acres a quarter, if you look at the farmable land, the irrigated land, that is probably around 120, 140 acres, somewhere in between that. If you just raise that corn crop on 120 acres of land, 225 bushels an acre, and that price drops 50 cents per bushel, that is about a $12,000 or $13,000 impact—loss of income—per quarter. The average farm size in Colorado is—let’s say a corn farmer—let’s just say they have 1,000 acres of corn, irri-gated corn. If that price drops 50 cents, that is a $100,000-plus loss of income. If we start seeing the impacts of a trade war that lowers the price of these com-modities, we will see that impact not tomorrow but today. These low com-modity prices have already affected the health of our rural communities. We don’t need any more downward pres-sure. Beef alone accounts for $675 million worth of these exports. We should be pursuing free-trade opportunities. Col-orado-grown potatoes account for over 50 percent of all U.S. potato exports to Mexico. NAFTA is incredibly impor-tant for this country, what we are doing with all of our agriculture prod-ucts and how we are getting them to market. We know rural development is key, and agriculture is key and trade is key to that rural development. So the farm bill represents a great opportunity for us to focus on rural development—what we can do to help start young farmers, help them get a start and help them af-ford the operation, because it is incred-ibly expensive. A quarter of irrigated ground in Colorado at one point was approaching $1 million a quarter. A tractor could cost around $250,000 if you had to buy a new one, a big one. All of this means that we have an ob-ligation to provide certainty in policy. That is what this debate is doing with the farm bill—providing our farmers, folks involved in agriculture, with the certainty they need to plan, to be able to go to the bank to talk about next year’s operation loan, this year’s oper-ation loan, how they are going to get the receipts to allow them to continue that generational business of agri-culture in Colorado and beyond. We know economic times have also resulted in significant economic stress and significant mental stress. I am very pleased to have worked with a number of my colleagues to introduce the FARMERS FIRST Act earlier this year. This is a bill that helps address some of the mental health concerns we have seen in agriculture. In agriculture, per 100,000 popu-lation—we have about 5 times the num-ber of suicides in agriculture than the broader group of Americans—5 times higher suicide rate. This bill starts to address that. In Colorado, Don Brown, our agri-culture commissioner—I grew up with him. He is from the same town I am from. They have restarted the suicide hotline in Colorado to address the men-tal health needs because of the chal-lenges we face in agriculture today. I thank Commissioner Brown for that work. I thank my colleagues for the work we have been able to do together on the FARMERS FIRST Act to make sure we can help provide some of that relief. In this farm bill, we have also made great strides on conservation. I was able to get the EQIP amendment in-cluded in the farm bill. That addresses agricultural drought concerns to make sure that the farm bill more ade-quately addresses the critically impor-tant conservation title work as it re-lates to drought. I thank Senators F
EINSTEIN , WYDEN , U
DALL , MORAN , BENNET , and H ARRIS for their support in allowing me to work with them on this amendment and to have it included in the substitute. If you look at the drought that is grip-ping the Western United States in par-ticular, you have Arizona, 100 percent drought; California, 69 percent of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.028 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4479 June 27, 2018 
land in a drought; Colorado, 79 percent of the State in a drought; Kansas, 79 percent in a drought; Oklahoma, 80 per-cent; Utah, 100 percent; North Dakota, 81 percent. These are areas that this EQIP language that was included will help address as we work toward solving this ongoing drought condition. Water is the lifeblood of the West. Colorado is the only State in the coun-try where all water flows out of it and none flows into it, so we have to make sure we get this right. As you can see, this is a picture of the Colorado River. That is an example of a bloodline of water that goes from Colorado down to California and all the States in be-tween that rely on this river. As we see, as that water in the river de-creases, it puts more pressure on the upstream States. If we ever have a problem in the river, that is going to be a significant challenge between the upper basin States and the lower basin States. That is why the tools that we have helped provide in the farm bill will help us manage this river, will help us manage the land, will help us address conservation needs to use less water so that we can keep more water in the systems, keep more water on the land, and prevent the dry-up of agri-culture. We were able to streamline EQIP contracting, increase cost share for nu-trient reduction practices, and increase the authority of USDA to enter into drought-related Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program agreements. This will help areas like the Repub-lican River in Colorado and beyond. These are important inclusions in the farm bill. We have other things that should be highlighted, though, that will also address some of our water concerns. We know that forest fires are a sig-nificant challenge to Colorado. If there is a massive forest fire, all those water-sheds that those forests are in result in debris flows and contamination of those water systems, those waterways, and that hurts our ability to have ac-cess to that water. In the omnibus that we passed earlier this year, we were able to include cer-tain language addressing categorical exclusions, building upon insect and disease—efforts to combat them in cer-tain areas of the forest. The challenge we have in Colorado is that the cat-egorical exclusions only apply to fire regime groups 1, 2, and 3, but in Colo-rado, we have about 24 percent of our zones of concern in Colorado that are in a different category, not in 1, 2, or 3, which means we can’t use the categor-ical exclusion to address insect and dis-ease concerns under that provision. Yet we know a significant area of these for-ests have insects. This is where a lot of the insect infestation has occurred. Insects have devastated our forests. It results in dead trees, and then the drought doubles the pressure on that, creating historic fire conditions, and then you end up imperiling the water-sheds. We have offered an amendment to try to address that, to extend the categor-ical exclusion so that we can have bet-ter management opportunities to pre-vent the next disaster from occurring and to make sure that we can help manage our forests in a more respon-sible way. I am also excited that we were able to include work addressing the Akron research station in Akron, CO, in east-ern Colorado, a dry land facility. We have an amendment that is incor-porated in the substitute that author-izes research and extension grants to study the utilization of big data for more precise management of dryland farming agriculture systems. This goes into how much water we need and how we could better manage dryland crop-ping alternatives. If we have a drought that continues, we are going to have to have more tools and data to help man-age farming practices so that we can do a better job of creating high yields in a low-moisture environment. These are all important issues that we worked on. Crop insurance is incredibly vital to our Main Streets in rural Colorado and across this country. That is why we have to continue to strengthen the Crop Insurance Program. That is why I am glad the farm bill makes sure that it does just that. The conservation title is important to Colorado as well. There are a lot of issues this farm bills addresses. I thank Chairman R
OB-
ERTS for his work on this legislation. He is our neighbor in Kansas. I don’t think he included a provision in the farm bill to thank Colorado for the water that we send to Kansas, but they have better lawyers than us, so I will not push that too far when it comes to some of the water conflicts that we have had. I say that jokingly, of course. What I don’t say jokingly, of course, though, is what agriculture means to all of us. It is that bond that we share in our communities. It is the founda-tion of Colorado’s economy and this country’s economy. There are so few people today in agriculture, that those of us who are involved in agriculture, who are in agricultural communities, have to be strong advocates. I hope the work this Senate is doing when it comes to agriculture will be that am-bassadorial effort that we need to be good stewards of our land, to continue to promote small farms, new farmers, and young farmers to make sure that we keep generations of farmers and ranchers on the land and that we don’t have a buy-out and dry-out history be-cause we mismanaged our water re-sources. This farm bill helps address some of our biggest challenges. Let’s get our other policies like trade right, con-tinue to work together in a bipartisan fashion, and we can make our farmers and ranchers proud of the work we do every day. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I rise today on behalf of this Nation’s farmers and ranchers. I would urge this body to continue in the bipartisan way that they have been on the farm bill to get this farm bill passed, keep in good shape the strong farm bill at this mo-ment in time, and work to improve it and get it out of the body so that farm-ers can have the certainty they need with a predictable farm bill. I believe I am the only actively en-gaged working farmer in this body. I have lived on the farm I live on for over 61 years. My wife and I have been farming the land that my grandfather and grandmother homesteaded, and my folks farmed after them, for the last 41 years. During that time, I have been able to see good farm bills that have worked, and I have seen bad farm bills—the kinds of farm bills that have resulted in devastating consequences for our family farms, driving families off the land, paving the way for more consolidation; bad farm bills that have dried up our rural areas and our small towns and along the way dried up our rural way of life. This is an important time for folks in production and agriculture. The com-modity prices are low pretty much across the board. We are seeing this ad-ministration engaging in tariffs and a potential trade war that is threatening Montana’s No. 1 industry—agri-culture—and threatening the viability of the economy of Montana and rural America. That is why it is critically important that this week we pass a good farm bill that will work and give certainty to Montana’s producers and rural communities across this country. In my travels around the State of Montana, I have had a number of lis-tening sessions on the farm bill. I have heard from farmers and ranchers. I have visited with them, looked at them eyeball to eyeball, and heard their con-cerns and their priorities. During these farm bill listening sessions in Montana, I heard from grain growers, cattlemen, sugar beet producers, hops growers, wool growers, pulse growers, specialty crop producers, and organic farmers. We grow a lot of stuff in Montana. I even sat down with the folks who fight the good fight to make sure our kids don’t go hungry. I sat down with fifth- generation Montana farmers and ranchers whose families have worked the land for over 100 years and young producers who are getting ready to go out for their very first harvest. For the most part, they all said the same thing; that is, they want cer-tainty. They want access to quality crop insurance that is a big part of the safety net for our farmers and ranch-ers. In times when they can’t get their paycheck from the marketplace, this safety net is critically important. They also want to be in a position finan-cially where they can hand their farm—or their ranch or their oper-ation—down to their kids and their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.029 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4480 June 27, 2018 
grandkids, but don’t just take my word for it. Since my last farm bill listening ses-sion, literally hundreds of Montana’s farmers and ranchers have written in to my office to make sure their voice is heard on the farm bill. Tom, from Glasgow, MT, wrote to me about the challenges facing farmers and ranchers. He said: 
I urge you to support the Farm Bill before it expires on September 30. The legislation that came out of the Senate Agriculture Committee has a robust farm safety net, in-cluding a strong Crop Insurance Program. Our farmers face a challenging agriculture economy. They need the certainty of know-ing what programs are available as they make their plans for the coming years. 
That is critically important. Every-body who is in agriculture knows that you have to plan multiple years out be-fore you can get to a point where you can harvest that crop and bring it to the bin and bring it to market. So hav-ing that kind of certainty of a long- term farm bill and getting one done long before September 30 is critically important. Another fellow by the name of Frank, from Lewistown, MT, wrote me about the important role the farm bill plays in feeding this country—the United States. Here is what Frank said: 
The farm bill can help put the United States on track to ending food insecurity and hunger in our country. I urge you to work on a bipartisan farm bill that protects and strengthens domestic nutrition pro-grams, especially SNAP. 
We have a democracy in this country, and we are very proud of it, but as we offer that safety net for our folks in production agriculture, we need to make sure we don’t have hunger in this country, to the best of our ability, be-cause democracies don’t work well when you have a hungry society. So I am on the Senate floor to tell Tom and Frank and the hundreds of other Montana farmers and ranchers who have contacted me that their voices have been heard and that their priorities are reflected in this Senate farm bill. This bill reauthorizes critical crop insurance initiatives that keep farmers in business. It rejects the House at-tempt to combine and cut funding for successful conservation practices. It amends EQIP to allow dollars to flow to producers that focus on research conservation and drought resiliency. It strengthens our fight against foot-and- mouth-disease. It keeps in place impor-tant sugar provisions which have a multidecade track record of success, especially in the sugar beet country of Southeast and Eastern Montana. It re-authorizes funding for agricultural re-search and, as we know, for every dol-lar invested in agriculture research, we see major returns to our economy. It gives the green light to industrial hemp growers. Industrial hemp is a crop that can fit in most rotations around this country, and Montana is no exception, and it reauthorizes funding for critical USDA rural development grants, which help fund water and wastewater infrastructure, and it helps build rural communities. Although the House chose to make political hay out of the farm bill, I commend the folks in the Senate be-cause we got to work and, through the Senate Ag Committee, we put together a bill that farmers and ranchers can literally take to the bank. We did so while protecting the provisions that feed hungry families and protect sen-iors. Now is the time to get this bill across the finish line. Through the amend-ment process this week, we have the opportunity to make this farm bill an even better bill. We have already attached a bipar-tisan amendment to this bill that strengthens the safety net by ensuring that ARC-county payments probably reflect yields. We are giving more au-thority to the State and local FSA committees to identify ARC boundaries that reflect the conditions and the crops being raised in that region. I want to thank the Montana Grain Growers for their support of this amendment, as well as the Montana Farmers Union for their input. It is my hope that folks continue to check their politics at the door and do what is right for Montana’s family farms—the folks who are making a liv-ing off the land—by passing a good farm bill this week. Farmers and ranchers are always talking about the future. They are al-ways thinking about the future, wheth-er it is the future of commodity prices or market access or costs, yields, or, yes, the weather. They are constantly thinking about the future of their oper-ation—how they can implement new practices that will make their oper-ation more financially viable to pass on to their children. So let’s get the job done this week and pass a good farm bill that gives our producers in this Nation and my producers in Mon-tana the kind of long-term certainty they deserve and gives them the keys to building an even stronger family farm unit. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, I am doing something this week I wish I didn’t have to do. As a matter of fact, for the past several weeks I wish I didn’t have to do this, but I have to draw attention to something that is very important to me and should be important to everybody in the United States and every person on Capitol Hill. It is about a man who has been held in prison in Turkey for 628 days, most of that time without charges, in a cell that was designed for 8 people that had 21 people in it. This man’s name is Pastor Brunson. He is a Presbyterian minister who has spent most of the last 20 years doing missionary work in Tur-key, sometimes going into Syria, vis-iting Syrian refugee camps in Turkey, living in and around the Izmir area. In October of 2016, after the coup at-tempt, President Erdogan started sweeping up thousands of people, in-cluding people who were doing nothing but trying to bring the Word to those who wanted to hear it—in this case, in the country of Turkey. He was actually accused of being a part of plotting the coup attempt. He subsequently has been accused of plotting terrorist ac-tivities against the people and the Gov-ernment of Turkey. We have been working on this case for well over a year. We treated it like constituent work. We were doing ev-erything we were supposed to do, work-ing with the State Department, work-ing with the various agencies, reaching out to the country team to ask: Why can’t we get this pastor free? Why is he being held without charges? How could a Presbyterian missionary—how could he possibly be considered a terrorist or a coup plotter? About 4 months ago, I was in a meet-ing, and I overheard—this is about the time he was indicted, about 17 months of being held without charges. I heard he was afraid that after the indictment was released, the American people would believe the indictment and just turn their backs on him and forget him. So it was important for me to go to Turkey. I requested a visa to get to Turkey. I went to the Turkish prison, and I told Pastor Brunson that is the last thing that is going to happen. I told him he had my personal commit-ment and that I knew I had the back-ing of the majority of the Members of the Senate and almost 200 Members of the House now who believe Pastor Brunson needs to be set free. It was im-portant to tell him that face-to-face. About a month later, I went to his first court hearing. It was absurd. I spent about 12 hours in a Turkish courtroom hearing some of the most extraordinary—almost comedic—alle-gations against Pastor Brunson. Every week I vary the presentation of the al-legations because there are so many you can’t cover them in any one rea-sonable length of floor speech. So this week’s absurd allegation is this notion that the Turkish prosecutors believe all the Christian religions in the United States are actually somehow woven together as some sort of intel-ligence-gathering, coup-plotting, ter-rorist-plotting network throughout the world to collect information and use it to the detriment of a sovereign nation like Turkey. That is the sort of—so he is an operative. He is a man who actu-ally comes from Black Mountain, who is affiliated with the same church as Rev. Billy Graham, and has been, for 20 years, plotting the overthrow of the Turkish Government. Now, keep in mind, it is only a con-cept. He hasn’t been charged with any specific activity. There is no witness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.031 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4481 June 27, 2018 
attesting to some specific thing that he did, but because he is a Christian, be-cause he is a missionary, and because he has been in Turkey for 20 years, he has to be a part of this organization. Therefore, we are going to put him in prison for 628 days. That is what we are dealing with. Now, when we started down this path, I spoke with a lot of Turkish offi-cials. What I heard from them is, well, justice has to take its course. We have an independent judiciary; justice has to take its course. Then, not too long ago, President Erdogan, who was just re-cently reelected President for, I be-lieve, another 5-year term, had the au-dacity to say: ‘‘We will give you your pastor if you give us our pastor.’’ Well, it turns out there is someone here in the United States who was pre-viously an ally of President Erdogan. They had a falling out, and he is a part of a movement that wants to see change in Turkey. He is a man of faith—a man of Muslim faith. The President transformed what I be-lieve started out being a situation of let’s just let the independent judiciary take its course—they transformed what was an illegal detainment, lengthy detainment of a Presbyterian pastor into what I believe is a hostage swap. The President said this. If the Presi-dent could actually make this offer, then, clearly, he is not constrained by a judiciary outcome like we are in the United States. So the day President Erdogan said this, that was the day we could clearly say Pastor Brunson is being held as a political hostage, and the President— President Erdogan—has the power to end it. I do this speech every week, and I will do it every week for as long as Pastor Brunson is in prison. Every once in a while my mother or my wife will see a videotape of this speech, and they always say: Why do you act like you get so angry toward the end of it? Be-cause I am. I am angry for a lot of rea-sons. One of them is that they are a NATO ally. Since 1952, Turkey has been a mem-ber of the NATO Alliance. At the most profound level, that means that if Tur-key is attacked by another Nation and their safety, security, and freedom is at risk, then the United States has an obligation to submit our men and women in uniform to the country of Turkey to potentially lay down and die in defense of their freedom. That is what we call a partnership. Now, for the first time in the history of NATO alliance, they are holding an American hostage. So, on the one hand, in the Armed Services Committee where we spend a lot of time focusing on our alliances, a lot of time training with various coun-tries—and Turkey is one I would like to have a great relationship with—but they are holding a North Carolinian hostage. They are subjecting him to a kangaroo court, and they think it is OK. For the first time in the history of an alliance, for a NATO alliance part-ner to behave this way is unacceptable. So we have taken all the steps we could diplomatically, and it hasn’t worked to this point. Now we have to take additional steps, and one of those steps is to put a provision in the na-tional defense authorization bill that asks certain questions about the long- term nature of our relationship with Turkey. Turkey is a very important ally in the Middle East. I hope that someday I come down to the floor gushing over all the great relationships we have. We have many. Their work in Afghanistan is important. Their work and fighting in Syria is important. But what is more important than anything is the freedom of a man who is held in prison and respect for a fellow NATO ally. So we have put a provision in the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act that asks certain questions, like, does Tur-key have somebody illegally detained, yes or no? And our President can cer-tify one way or the other. Does the fact that Turkey is considering the acquisi-tion of the S–400 missile system from Russia, which comes with it a lot of in-telligence gathering and other tools that could put the safety and security of the Air Force base that we have in Turkey and the manufacturing oper-ations for the Joint Strike Fighter in Turkey at risk—certify one way or the other. Incidentally, because we rely on Tur-key for the supply chain for the Joint Strike Fighter and if that supply chain were to shut down, if Turkey continued to drift further away as a NATO ally— does it make sense to have the entire manufacturing supply chain of the Joint Strike Fighter dependent on a country that is drifting away from the nations that are members of NATO? Those are simple provisions. We are asking the President of the United States to certify one way or the other. If he can’t certify it, then we have to really start questioning just how much further we can go with a country that is holding an American citizen, with a country that is considering a would-be adversary’s missile defense system, and with a country that is a critical link in the supply chain for the Joint Strike Fighter. We will be going into conference fair-ly soon on the national defense author-ization. I am asking all of my col-leagues—the 70 who signed on to a let-ter expressing their concern with the detainment of Pastor Brunson—to stick with us to make sure that provi-sion makes it out of conference and that we hold Turkey accountable. It is within President Erdogan’s power to end this now. I would love to come back to the floor next week and not be talking about the illegal detain-ment but talking about a freed man and an improving relationship with Turkey. My last message is to the Turkish people. This is not about the Turkish people. They are wonderful people. I have traveled to Turkey several times in various official capacities. They are wonderful people who love freedom and want freedom just like we have in the United States. This is about an admin-istration that needs to understand what it means to be a NATO ally. It is about an administration that needs to understand what a real, independent judiciary looks like. It is about an ad-ministration that needs to be put on notice until they take the positive step in that direction. Madam President, thank you very much. I hope I don’t have to come to the floor next week when you are pre-siding and present this same speech, but I promise you, as long as I am a Senator and Pastor Brunson is in pris-on, I will be back. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, this week we are considering the bipartisan farm bill. The Senator from Mississippi who was just presiding, the Presiding Offi-cer, and I were all raised on farms, so we have an immediate sense that this must be pretty important because of where we grew up and how we grew up. But I think people have less and less connection with what it really takes to grow the food and fiber we need in this country. The farm bill doesn’t have quite the same resonance it used to have in terms of millions and millions and millions of families watching care-fully to see what the Congress is going to do. In fact, the families who watch this most closely today may very well be the families who benefit from the nutrition parts of the farm bill. The vast majority of spending is in the nu-trition parts of the farm bill. The truth is that if you don’t have what people need to sustain themselves, nutrition policy really doesn’t matter unless what we do in agriculture works. So a lot of the debate here is about that. In my State of Missouri, we have nearly 100,000 farms. The vast majority of those are family-owned and cover two-thirds of the total land of our State. The industry supports 400,000 jobs in a State of 6 million people, so it has a substantial impact on what we do. The Mississippi Valley, where the Presiding Officer and I are located, is the biggest piece of contiguous agricul-tural ground in the world, and we are in the middle of that. In terms of production in the United States, Missouri ranks second in the number of beef cows; fourth in rice; fifth in turkeys; sixth in soybeans; sev-enth in hogs; ninth in corn; and tenth in cotton. So there are a number of places in the farm bill that impact us, and those crops and others that we might not rank quite so high in are still an important part of our economy. World food demand is expected to double in the next 30 years or so. That is an easy thing to say and an easy thing to hear, but it is sort of a hard thing to think about. With all the time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.032 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4482 June 27, 2018 
in which people have been trying to de-velop better and better agriculture—we think it took about 10,000 years to raise all the food we raise today—we have about 30 years to figure out how to raise twice as much food as we raise today, and we are likely to need to do that on no more land than we are doing it on now and with fewer inputs. We will need to do that in a way that prob-ably uses not just less water per amount of food grown, but less water totally—not just less fertilizer per crop, but less fertilizer totally. So we will need a lot of science-based work to figure out how we meet this incredible opportunity and challenge of doubling all the food we grow. I saw some FFA students under a big shade tree looking back at the Capitol on two different days last week. Both times I said: I really can’t think of any group I can talk to where I could say with such certainty that no matter what you do, understand that agri-culture in the next 30 years as a part of our economy is going to be twice as big the day you retire from whatever you decide to do as it was the day you started. It would take a cataclysmic event for that not to be true. I said just a minute ago that world food demand will double in about 30 years. We think world food needs will double in 40 years. What is the dif-ference? In 40 years, we will have to have that much food to feed all the people there are to feed. We think that in 30 years it will have to double to meet people’s demands for the kinds of food they want to buy. No matter what, in 40 years, twice as much food as we have today will be needed. This farm bill gives us the chance to advance the kinds of policies that allow us to meet that challenge. It is a bipartisan bill. Chairman R
OBERTS and Senator S
TABENOW , the top Democrat on the committee, have worked hard to produce this bill. Like all pieces of bi-partisan legislation, it is not the bill either of them would have written on their own, but it is a bill that can and should pass. It makes difficult decisions on how to balance priorities and maintain budget discipline at the same time. It is logi-cally connected with helping those who grow our food—the people who deter-mine whether we have an affordable and dependable supply of food, fuel, and fiber. All of that is at stake in this leg-islation. The farm bill we are considering pro-vides certainty for farmers. Like the farm bill we did 5 years ago, it takes a different course. It stays where we were. This is more evolutionary than a big revolutionary change. Five years ago, we went much more toward risk management, where the Federal Gov-ernment basically helped put an insur-ance kind of component together to in-sure against the many things that hap-pen in the life of a farm family and in the life of growing food. You don’t con-trol the weather. You don’t control the prices. You don’t control much of any-thing. You just hope that everything works out and allows you to continue to do something that in the case of al-most all farm families in America, they love to do and that is why they do it. The bill makes forward-looking in-vestments to help new and beginning farmers. The average age of farmers in America today is almost 60. That means half the farmers are over 60, and half the farmers are under 60. Obvi-ously, we have to be concerned. We are concerned about pilots and say: Gee, we are running out of pilots because military-trained pilots are not going to be available to us. We are also about to run out of farmers. If half the farmers in the country today are over 60, we need to be look-ing for ways to allow beginning farm-ers to farm and to meet the needs as well as the opportunities of a growing world where, with fewer resources and the same amount of land, as I said be-fore, we are going to have this great opportunity. Nobody in the world is better at this than we are, and nobody in the world is better positioned than we are to get ag products all over the world. This is a huge opportunity for our country. In my State—the one I know more about than any other State—we are home to world-class animal and plant sci-entists. There are more plant scientists within 100 miles of St. Louis, MO, than there are anywhere else in the world in the same amount of space. The farm bill will continue to allow those things to move forward and, again, try to do more with less and produce a better quality product with less input. As farmers deal with the unpredictability of the weather and the market, this is designed to help provide stability as that market grows. To go back to where I was a minute ago, I believe the biggest economic transactional group in America on any given day—people buying food, fuel, and fiber—relates to agriculture. That is going to double in less than one working lifetime. That is almost never going to work out exactly right. The weather will not be right; the world crops will not be what we thought they were going to be. We want to be sure people don’t give up on this oppor-tunity because it is also such a big challenge. How do you communicate in a world environment with this kind of chal-lenge? The bill also makes investments in rural America to expand high-speed broadband and improve rural infra-structure, something the President, in every discussion I have heard on infra-structure, talks about 25 percent of this needing to go to rural infrastruc-ture. But part of that infrastructure is wireless technology and wireless infra-structure. If you are going to have precision farming, if you are going to not put more cost into parts of your field than you should, you and your equipment need to know exactly where you are— I mean precisely where you are. You can’t do that if you are not connected to broadband in some way. The GPS systems, the data centers, the automa-tion systems just don’t work without that. If you don’t have high-speed internet, you don’t have high-speed commodity trading capacity. So while somebody maybe 10 miles down the road from you has instantaneous abil-ity to take advantage of a market to buy or sell, yours may be just slow enough that you miss the moment. So the ability to live in rural Amer-ica, to thrive in rural America, and to farm as you are going to need to farm for the world we are about to get into is really important. This farm bill isn’t just about economic security, although that is a big part of it. It is also about what it takes daily to sustain yourself and those you care about. As I said, the nutrition programs are now a significant majority of farm bill spending. We are going to debate how some of that money should be spent. But we are entering a time of great op-portunity—a time where Americans, particularly in the middle of the coun-try, are really good when you have an economy that is production-oriented, based on growing things and making things, and that growing-things econ-omy is a lot bigger than just produc-tion agriculture. It is production agri-culture; it is food processing; it is in-suring what happens on the farm; it is transportation. We are one incident away from identifying where all that food has been all the time. I am glad we are getting to the farm bill as quickly as we are. I hope we can pass our bill, come to conference with the House, and put a bill on the Presi-dent’s desk as soon as possible, so with all of the other things that farmers and their families have to deal with, the one thing they will know with some certainty is what the Federal farm bill and what Federal nutrition programs are going to look like over the next handful of years. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RETIREMENT OF JUSTICE ANTHONY KENNEDY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, just a few moments ago, Justice Anthony Kennedy announced that he is retiring as an Associate Justice of the U.S. Su-preme Court and taking senior status, effective July 31. First and foremost, I want to pause and express our gratitude for the ex-traordinary service that Justice Ken-nedy has offered our Nation. He has served on the Federal bench for 43 years. In particular, we owe him a debt of thanks for his ardent defense of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4483 June 27, 2018 
First Amendment right to political speech. As Justice Kennedy concludes his tenure on the Court, we wish him, his wife, Mary, and their family every happiness in the years ahead. The Senate stands ready to fulfill its constitutional role by offering advice and consent on President Trump’s nominee to fill this vacancy. We will vote to confirm Justice Kennedy’s suc-cessor this fall. As in the case of Jus-tice Gorsuch, Senators will have the opportunity to meet with President Trump’s nominee, examine his or her qualifications, and debate the nomina-tion. I have every confidence in Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s conduct of the upcoming confirmation process in the Judiciary Committee. It is imperative that the President’s nominee be considered fair-ly and not be subjected to personal at-tacks. Thus far, President Trump’s judicial nominations have reflected a keen un-derstanding of the vital role that judges play in our constitutional order. Judges must interpret the law fairly and apply it evenhandedly. Judicial de-cisions must not flow from judges’ per-sonal philosophies or preferences but from the honest assessment of the words and actual meaning of the law. This bedrock principle has clearly de-fined the President’s excellent choices to date, and we will look forward to yet another outstanding selection. But, today, the Senate and the Na-tion thank Justice Kennedy for his years of service on the bench and for his many contributions to jurispru-dence and to our Nation. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we re-cently received news that Justice An-thony Kennedy will be retiring, leaving a vacancy on the Nation’s highest Court. This is the most important Su-preme Court vacancy for this country in at least a generation. Nothing less than the fate of our healthcare system, reproductive rights for women, and countless other protections for middle- class Americans are at stake. Will Republicans and President Trump nominate and vote for someone who will preserve protections for peo-ple with preexisting conditions, or will they support a Justice who will put health insurance companies over pa-tients or put the Federal Government between a woman and her doctor? The Senate should reject, on a bipar-tisan basis, any Justice who would overturn Roe v. Wade or undermine key healthcare protections. The Senate should reject anyone who will instinc-tively side with powerful special inter-ests over the interests of average Americans. Our Republican colleagues in the Senate should follow the rule they set in 2016 not to consider a Supreme Court Justice in an election year. Senator MCCONNELL would tell anyone who lis-tened that the Senate had the right to advise and consent, and that was every bit as important as the President’s right to nominate. Millions of people are just months away from determining the Senators who should vote to confirm or reject the President’s nominee, and their voices deserve to be heard now as Lead-er M
CCONNELL thought they deserved to be heard then. Anything but that would be the absolute height of hypoc-risy. People from all across America should realize that their rights and op-portunities are threatened. Americans should make their voices heard loudly, clearly, and consistently. Americans should make it clear that they will not tolerate a nominee, chosen from Presi-dent Trump’s preordained list and se-lected by powerful special interests, who will reverse the progress we have made over the decades. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I am here to talk about the bipartisan, com-monsense farm bill that we are work-ing on in the Senate this week. Agriculture is an essential part of the fabric that defines my home State of Indiana. Hoosier farmers are grow-ing the food that feeds our families. Biofuel producers are making the eth-anol and biodiesel that drive our econ-omy. Ag students and researchers are developing the technologies of tomor-row. Together, they represent the best of Hoosier values. Right now, Hoosiers farmers in our communities are navigating significant challenges. They need us to work to-gether to help provide solutions. Our farmers are dealing with turmoil on the international marketplace, uncer-tainty in Federal policies, like the RFS, and low commodity prices that, in many cases, are below the cost of production. This farm bill can provide our ag community with some stability, and we need to ensure that we do our part to get it across the finish line. Here is how Indiana Farm Bureau president Randy Kron described the situation: 
Farmers are relying on the Senate to pass a farm bill that will allow them to plan for their operations with some level of certainty for the next five years and provide a safety net in case extreme weather or a natural dis-aster damages their crops. Indiana’s farmers are facing a lot of uncertainties right now. The dairy industry is facing low prices and lost contracts, there are fears over potential retaliatory tariffs and their impacts, there is a grain surplus that has brought commodity prices down drastically as well as the uncer-tainty of the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS). Net farm income is down more than 50% compared to just five years ago, and the ag-riculture community is depending on the passage of this farm bill. If our nation’s farmers have the programs and assurances they need, all U.S. citizens will reap the benefit of quality, affordable food in our grocery stores. Phil Ramsey, a corn and soybean farmer from Shelbyville, IN, and the chairman of membership and policy for the Indiana Soybean Alliance, de-scribed the challenges farmers are fac-ing by saying: 
After a spring that has challenged our farms from nearly every angle, Hoosiers and rural Americans need a Farm Bill now more than ever. With farm income down . . . input costs skyrocketing, the ethanol industry constantly under attack, and disrupted trade relations sharply driving down prices, the stability and safety net provided by the Farm Bill are critical to our farmers and ranchers across the nation. 
Randy and Phil are right. Now, more than ever, farmers need us to do our job, to put together a farm bill that makes sense and gives them the oppor-tunity to succeed. A farm bill that gives us the best op-portunities to be successful will help farmers manage the risks outside of their control, but it is about much more than that. It is also about helping rural communities thrive and also about fighting food insecurity. It is about investing in tomorrow’s farms and the most advanced technologies. It is about ensuring that Hoosiers have the resources and the tools to develop new markets for their products any-where in the world. It is about pro-moting conversation so that farms and natural habitats remain healthy, gen-eration after generation, and doing the conservation work to make that pos-sible. Because there is more wisdom in In-diana than in Washington, DC, I firmly believe a good farm bill is one that is written with input directly from Hoo-siers and that addresses issues impor-tant to our State. From Wayne County to Evansville to Washington, IN, to DeKalb County, to Jasper County, to Rensselaer, across our State there are great ideas, great leadership, and great entrepreneurial skills that can help us build the best farm bill possible. That is why I took every opportunity to lis-ten to the priorities and concerns of Hoosiers who are involved in nearly every segment of our State’s agri-culture community during my farm bill listening tour and in meetings over the past year-plus. From student groups and researchers to anti-hunger advocates, to soybean and corn grow-ers, to pork and dairy farmers, and to just about everyone in between, I want-ed to hear from all of them about what this farm bill should do. I am not hired help for the people of Indiana. I work for all of our citizens. I took what I heard from Hoosiers, and I worked with my colleagues to develop this bill, to work this bill, and to suc-cessfully secure provisions that would include risk management tools for our farmers, while still ensuring full plant-ing flexibility; to expand market op-portunities for Hoosiers products; to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.036 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4484 June 27, 2018 
promote impactful, voluntary con-servation activities; to help fight the opioid epidemic, which is a scourge on our State and our country; to support rural communities with investments in high-speed internet and waste and drinking-water infrastructure; to fight against food insecurity; and to invest in the research necessary for tomor-row’s technologies. I would like to highlight a few of the Hoosiers priorities in this bill. One of my top priorities was helping to fight the opioid epidemic in rural commu-nities. We know it will take all of us, working together, to confront this opioid epidemic—this horrible night-mare that we have. We have more work to do to stem the tide of this public health crisis in our rural communities. I am pleased this bill includes three of my bipartisan provisions that com-bat the opioid epidemic by targeting telemedicine and community facility investments for substance abuse treat-ment as well as by investing in preven-tion and education programs. We want all of our families to be safe. We want all of our citizens across this country to avoid this scourge. We lost over 60,000 of our fellow brothers and sisters across this country to drug abuse last year. We do not want to lose one more, and we want this farm bill to help end this. These provisions I have discussed were developed from my bipartisan rural opioids package I introduced with my friend, Chairman P
ATROBERTS , then-Senator Strange, and with Sen-ator J
OHNHOEVEN from North Dakota in 2017. I thank all of them for partnering with me on these efforts. I have also advocated for efforts to ensure that farmers are provided the tools they need to be good stewards for our environment, to hand off to our children and grandchildren, and an even safer, better, stronger planet. This bill will eliminate potential dis-incentives for voluntary conservation practices like cover crops and supports soil health improvement programs. It also allows States to increase cost sharing for the most impactful con-servation practices. Soil health and clean water are a passion for many Hoosiers, and for many Hoosier farm-ers, and this bill helps in those efforts. The need to expand market opportuni-ties has also come up in my conversa-tions with our farmers. I am fully com-mitted to expanding market opportuni-ties for our ag products. This farm bill will increase opportu-nities for Hoosier farmers through ex-port promotion programs. I worked with my colleagues on proposals to open up more markets for American exports, including my bipartisan bill that increases investments in two im-portant export promotion programs: the Foreign Market Development Pro-gram and the Market Assistance Pro-gram. This is legislation I introduced in September of 2017 with my friends and Senators J
ONI ERNST of Iowa, A
NGUS KINGof Maine, and S USAN COL-
LINS of Maine. I have also worked to ensure full planting flexibility for our farmers who want to plant fruits and vegetables. This ensures that farmers can diversify their farms without worrying about losing access to commodity support programs in the future. It may sound a little bit technical, but it is critically important, and we have to make sure it gets done. Ensuring planting flexibility is a strong passion of mine. It builds on the bipartisan bill I introduced with Sen-ator TODD YOUNG , my colleague from our home State, in December of 2017, and it also builds on my work in the 2014 and the 2008 farm bill. Another important issue I care deep-ly about is helping those struggling with food insecurity. I am really proud that this bipartisan bill strengthens the oversight of the SNAP program and helps to fight food insecurity by re-forming food assistance programs while protecting access to benefits and main-taining the integrity of the programs. It makes it easier for seniors to access food assistance by reducing burden-some paperwork. This is based on legis-lation I worked on with my friend B
OB C
ASEY from Pennsylvania. Providing for the future of agri-culture by making the investments in vital research and extension activities is another priority. This bill contains a provision of mine that reauthorizes and revamps the New Era Rural Tech-nology Program to help our commu-nity colleges fund efforts to develop a workforce trained in the precision agri-culture technologies that are expected to continue to improve the efficiency of modern farming. I have a few more amendments I am hoping we can get adopted this week, including one that increases funding for the Emergency Food Assistance Program. This helps food banks and pantries respond to the needs of their local communities. I have also introduced a bipartisan amendment with Senators S
MITH and F
ISCHER . It allows community colleges serving rural areas to receive funding through USDA’s Essential Community Facilities Program. This helps ensure rural communities have the local edu-cational opportunities that can help our children thrive, that can help our friends and neighbors thrive, and that can help create success in every county in my State and across our country. Finally, I thank all of my colleagues on the Senate Agriculture Committee for their efforts to ensure that we had strong bipartisan support for getting the farm bill to this point. Everybody worked incredibly hard; everybody fo-cused on doing what was right for America and not worrying about poli-tics; and everybody focused on how we can help our ag community be strong-er, have more success, and do even bet-ter in the future. Our farmers need us to continue working together as advocates for agri-culture and for a farm bill that sup-ports their hard work. The ag community gets up in the dark, works all day, and goes home in the dark. They are an incredible exam-ple for everybody in our country about dedication to family and faith and community and country. I know the farmers of Indiana and in Hoosier rural communities are tired of being pawns to partisan politics. They have been dealing with depressed com-modity prices, chaotic trade markets, and the uncertainty of Federal policies, whether it was the previous adminis-tration’s expansion of the WOTUS rule or this administration’s efforts to un-dermine the RFS. It is time for us to do our part to make sure this is a strong bipartisan bill and that it is an example of us working together—not as Democrats or as Republicans but as Americans—to do good things for our economy and for our people. I urge the Senate to promptly pass this bill so we can conference with the House and get this to the President’s desk as quickly as possible. Farmers and rural communities in Indiana and across our country are counting on us. It is an incredible privilege to rep-resent our ag community on the Agri-culture Committee and to work with the farm bill to make the lives of ev-erybody in our farming communities better, stronger, and even more suc-cessful. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up the following amendments to the substitute amendment No. 3224: the amendment by Senator LEE, No. 3074, and the amendment by Senator D
UR-
BIN, No. 3103. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, in this farm bill, when it was considered in committee, there was an amendment added that al-lows for American agricultural inter-ests to promote American agriculture on the enslaved island of Cuba. In an effort to be accommodating, I have said: Well, that is fine. It is not a very large market, and, frankly, as long as we are not lending them money—because they are never going to pay us back—I am not going to ob-ject to the ability of American farmers to market our products to a market. In the end, it is food. What I do think we should not allow, however, is the ability to spend Amer-ican taxpayer money in properties and in other places on the island that are owned and controlled by the Cuban 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.037 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4485 June 27, 2018 
military. Last year, President Trump issued an Executive order that prohib-ited American citizens who traveled to Cuba from staying at hotels or fre-quenting businesses or anything of this nature that is controlled by GAESA, which is a holding company controlled by the Cuban military. So what I have proposed as a way for-ward on this is to basically say: That is fine. You can promote American agri-culture in Cuba. But while you are there and doing your activities, you can promote it, but you just can’t spend any of these taxpayer dollars at any of the facilities or businesses con-trolled or owned by the Cuban mili-tary. The list is detailed and provided by the State Department via Executive order. That is the amendment I offered. To date, we have not been able to get it considered as part of any of these vehi-cles that are moving. Therefore, proce-durally, I am wanting to protect my right to ensure this gets included in something that is incredibly important from my perspective, so I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I want to indicate I certainly understand the concerns of the Senator from Flor-ida, and we have been looking for the last 2 days to find a resolution. There are multiple interests on various sides of this issue on Cuba that we are trying to work through so that we can move forward on this as well as other amend-ments. As the chairman has indicated, there are two amendments we are trying to get pending so that we can move for-ward and take the next steps to be able to come to a resolution and get to a final vote on the farm bill, which our farmers, ranchers, and families in rural communities are very anxious to have us do. We will continue to work, as we have all day and as we did yesterday, look-ing for ways to resolve this and to be able to move forward. Hopefully, we can do that because there are a lot of folks really counting on us to come to-gether and get this done. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I would only add at this point—and I think Members who have paid atten-tion to this debate at all or to this par-ticular issue are probably a little tired of hearing this, but maybe there are some who haven’t really grasped the issue. We have to get a farm bill. We are the Agriculture Committee. Agriculture is in dire need of this farm bill—the farmers, the ranchers, the growers, their lenders, and everybody up the food chain. Our situation being what it is, I certainly hope that im-proves. Many people, of course, are inter-ested in opening up any bill to amend-ments, having regular order, and vot-ing on their amendments. I understand that. I think there are about 146 amendments we have agreed to. We are reaching out to people and urging them to come forward and, on a bipartisan basis, agree on these amendments or modify them and then agree to them. So it isn’t as if we have not done that. At some point, we have to pass this bill. The issue is so paramount and the situation is so dire—on behalf of the folks who produce the food and fiber for this country in a troubled and hun-gry world to at least go on for another year—that it is paramount over any other issue, despite the fact that some people want to come in under a reform they believe would be very salutary, and I understand that. Again, we have to pass this bill. With that observation, I hope people can understand and we can get some agreement with regard to some of these issues. None of my remarks are in-tended to impugn in any way the inter-est of the distinguished Senator from Florida. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
WOMEN ’S HEALTHCARE  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, 2 years ago, the Supreme Court handed down its decision in Whole Women’s Health v. Hellerstedt, which reaffirmed the longstanding view that the government should not be in the business of decid-ing what kind of healthcare a woman in America can or cannot receive. A number of my colleagues are going to be coming to the floor to discuss this issue. It was a crucial victory. My col-leagues who have been so involved in this issue over the years—Senator M
URRAY and Senator B LUMENTHAL — and I as the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee have tried to do everything we possibly could because our committee has extensive jurisdic-tion over women’s healthcare in a vari-ety of programs that are crucial for women. It is in that context that I want to reflect on what has happened since the Supreme Court handed down that crucial victory, that important win for women’s healthcare as em-bodied in Whole Women’s Health v. Hellerstedt. At every turn since the President went to the White House, the Presi-dent’s administration has put them-selves in between American women and their doctors. The President has sought to prevent healthcare providers from sharing critical care information. The President has sought to place restric-tions on health clinics that women rely on every single day for lifesaving serv-ices, such as cancer screenings, physicals, prenatal care, and more. He has again and again sought to place re-strictions on and attempted to defund health clinics, such as Planned Parent-hood, that women in America rely on every single day for lifesaving services, such as cancer screenings, physicals, prenatal care, and more. I hope colleagues will look at the words that I used to describe those life-saving services—lifesaving services that have absolutely nothing to do with abortion—nothing—cancer screenings, physicals, prenatal care, and more. That is what the President sought to place restrictions on and at-tempted to defund in terms of health clinics that offer those services. The latest blow to the cause of mak-ing sure women can go to the healthcare providers of their choosing came yesterday from the Supreme Court. Yesterday, the Court in effect opened the door for deceptive crisis pregnancy centers that are allowed to lie to women about what kind of care they are able to receive. All of these developments dem-onstrate that the effort for affordable, accessible healthcare is far from done, and it is going to take a constant push to ensure that healthcare in America moves forward and not backward. In my view, one of the biggest threats to Americans’ healthcare is the Trump administration’s full-throated endorsement of repealing preexisting condition protections. That is particu-larly important for women who count on these essential consumer protec-tions to get affordable care for all serv-ices. American women don’t want to turn back the clock to the days where health insurance was more expensive by default for women because mater-nity care and other services weren’t covered in standard plans. Women don’t want to be denied health insur-ance because of a cancer scare they had a few years back or a small preventive surgery. That was the reality before the Affordable Care Act. I can only say that at one time, Democrats and Republicans here in the Senate felt very strongly about loop-hole-free, airtight protection for women and men and all Americans against discrimination for preexisting conditions. I know that because in the context of debating the Affordable Care Act, I was the sponsor of legislation, the Healthy Americans Act, which had seven Democrats and seven Repub-licans as cosponsors. Our proposal did have loophole-free, airtight protection for women and all Americans against discrimination for preexisting condi-tions. Essentially, what we seven Democrats and seven Republicans pro-posed is what became part of the Af-fordable Care Act provisions against discriminating against those with pre-existing conditions, and it is those pro-tections, which are now law, which the Trump administration seeks to roll back. It is not widely known that it is not just men and women in the individual healthcare market whom the Presi-dent’s reckless approach on preexisting conditions is actually threatening. If the Trump administration is success-ful, protections for the 167 million Americans with employer-sponsored health insurance will also lose the Af-fordable Care Act’s airtight, loophole- free preexisting condition protections. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.039 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4486 June 27, 2018 
That means America would be turning back the clock on healthcare, and an employer could once again put their bottom line over the health of the American people. Back then, it meant individuals were prevented from get-ting healthcare for months or leaving care for their preexisting condition un-covered. I think it is pretty clear that the American people do not want to re-turn to a system like that. Over the Fourth of July break, I will be heading back to Oregon. I am going to have my 900th townhall meeting— 900 meetings where, for an hour and a half, I don’t give any speeches; folks can just come in and say what is on their minds and say what is important to them. I would say that at a signifi-cant number of those 900 open-to-all, 90-minute townhall meetings in Or-egon, folks at home talk about the im-portance of the issue I have just de-scribed—the protection for women and men and all Americans against dis-crimination for preexisting conditions. Certainly, women in America can’t afford to return to a system where they are systemically discriminated against. Women have been on the frontlines, standing up and speaking out to ensure that doesn’t happen, ever since Donald Trump was elected. I thank my colleagues, particularly Senator M
URRAY and Senator B
LUMENTHAL , who have been our lead-ers on this effort. As the ranking Dem-ocrat on the Finance Committee, I try to do everything I can to help them in their good work, and I appreciate their taking the time to point out that it has been 2 years since the Supreme Court handed down a historic decision that actually protected women and why we all feel so strongly about not walking back that decision. I thank Senator M
URRAY , and I yield my time to her. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Wash-ington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Oregon. 
RETIREMENT OF JUSTICE ANTHONY KENNEDY  
I would just say I have been planning to come to the floor about a specific issue related to women’s healthcare and rights and freedoms, but before I get to that, I want to comment on the news that is clearly very closely con-nected. It is clear that Justice Kennedy’s re-tirement comes at a pivotal point in our Nation’s history, when so many of our values are under attack by a Presi-dent who has spent every day in office testing the limits of our Constitution. I share the deep concern of so many families across this country who are al-ready suffering under the Trump ad-ministration and fear further erosion of the progress in this country. So, first, I want to be clear. I am hopeful that Republican leaders go back and look at what they said very recently and give families across the country the opportunity to weigh in with an election before moving forward to fill this seat. We don’t know whom President Trump will nominate just yet or when he will make that nomina-tion, but I want to go back to some-thing my dear friend and colleague Senator Kennedy said because it high-lights the stakes right now. He was talking about an extreme nominee, Robert Bork. He said: Robert Bork’s America is a land in which women would be forced into back-alley abor-tions, blacks would sit at segregated lunch counters, rogue police could break down citi-zens’ doors in midnight raids, schoolchildren could not be taught about evolution, writers and artists would be censored at the whim of government, and the doors of the federal courts would be shut on the fingers of mil-lions of citizens for whom the judiciary is often the only protector of the individual rights that are at the heart of our democ-racy. 
Robert Bork was rejected, and Jus-tice Kennedy took his place. Today, we face similar stakes right now, in this moment. Voting rights are at stakes. LGBTQ rights are at stake. The right to organize collectively is at stake. Those are just a few. There are a lot more. Families across the country are pay-ing attention, and they are going to be watching what President Trump and individual Members of this Senate do right now. This is what they are going to want to know: Will their rights be protected? Will their freedoms be se-cure? Will the Supreme Court put peo-ple like them first, or will they stand with special interests, big business, and the most extreme ideologues in our country? Those are the questions peo-ple across this country will be asking. That is the conversation I expect we will have here in the Senate, and that is what President Trump should be considering as he thinks about this issue and hopefully as he slows this down and gives people across the coun-try a chance to weigh in. 
WOMEN ’S HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, one issue I know women across the country will be fo-cused on and asking about is their con-stitutionally protected right to control their own healthcare decisions af-firmed in Roe v. Wade, because, let me be clear, women and men in this coun-try understand how directly tied this right is to a woman’s freedom and eco-nomic security, and they overwhelm-ingly do not want to see that right rolled back. Today is the anniversary of a ruling that further upheld women’s constitu-tionally protected reproductive rights, and I want to take a few minutes today to discuss what this decision meant for women’s lives and why we will not stop fighting to protect the progress we have made. Almost half a century ago, in its his-toric Roe v. Wade decision, the Su-preme Court ruled that every woman, no matter where she lives, has the con-stitutional right to make her own deci-sions about her body, her family, and her future, including the right to safe, legal abortion. But a right means noth-ing without the ability to exercise it. While Roe v. Wade has been the law of the land for years, extreme conserv-atives have continually tried to under-mine the Court’s decision by peddling ideological policies that would make it hard for women to exercise their repro-ductive rights. Women across the country have not been silent about these efforts and nei-ther has the Supreme Court. Two years ago, the Court reaffirmed the rights en-shrined in Roe v. Wade when it ruled in favor of Whole Woman’s Health and struck down an anti-abortion law in Texas that was designed to make it harder for women to access the care they need. The law in Texas attempted to under-mine women’s reproductive freedom by putting access to that care far out of reach for women. If it had been allowed to stand, the law would have closed three-quarters of the clinics in the State that provided abortion services. If it had been allowed to stand, hun-dreds of thousands of women would have no option but to travel hundreds of miles for their reproductive health services. The Texas law didn’t stand; women’s constitutional rights did. That Su-preme Court ruling sent a strong mes-sage, one women have been making for years, and one we continue to make clear today: Politicians have no busi-ness interfering with a woman’s most personal decisions. Unfortunately, many people on the right continue to ignore that message. Unfortunately, they have continued to push for damaging, extreme policies that ignore the Supreme Court, the Constitution, and women across the country. From day one, President Trump and Vice President PENCE have made it clear that turning back the clock on women’s health and reproductive rights is a top priority for them. They recently proposed a harmful domestic gag rule on Federal family planning funds designed to restrict access to healthcare for women, interfere with care providers’ ability to talk about the full range of reproductive health services with their patients, and ulti-mately make it harder for women to exercise their healthcare choices and constitutional rights. That is just the latest of so many ex-treme and ideological steps, state-ments, policies, and appointees that have repeatedly shown the Trump ad-ministration’s hostility to women’s rights. We are still seeing radical Re-publicans in many States pushing to put up new barriers, like those that were struck down in the Whole Wom-an’s Health case, to prevent women from making their own healthcare de-cisions—barriers that would allow per-haps a woman’s ZIP Code or her in-come to determine whether she is able to get the care she needs. We are also still seeing that every time far-right politicians try and bring us a step back, women and men across the country are stepping forward and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.043 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4487 June 27, 2018 
speaking out against them, and that is not going to stop. We are going to con-tinue to defend women’s reproductive rights, on all fronts and against all at-tacks. One effort to do that in Congress is the Women’s Health Protection Act— legislation I am very proud to cospon-sor—that would help protect women’s constitutional rights to safe, legal abortion care and bring down harmful, ideological barriers to that care, like the one struck down in Texas, once and for all. I remember being in the room when the Supreme Court heard the Whole Woman’s Health case and hearing the skepticism from many Justices as they asked thoughtful questions about Texas’s flimsy excuses for trying to un-dermine women’s rights. I remember being outside of the Court shortly afterward and seeing all the women and men making their voices heard and fighting for those rights. I remember being moved by the personal stories shared by so many women about what the right to make their own personal decisions meant for their health, for their family, and their opportunities in life. I am not going to let anyone forget those stories, including President Trump, Vice President P
ENCE , and far- right politicians across the country. I am not going stop defending women’s health and reproductive freedoms. I am not going to stop fighting to make sure our daughters and granddaughters have stronger rights and more opportunity, not less. I am not going to stop, and I know women and men across the coun-try aren’t going to either. There is no question in my mind that people nationwide understand just how important a woman’s ability to control her own healthcare decision is. This is not about politics. It is about women’s health. It is about their economic secu-rity, about a woman’s ability to con-tribute fully and equally in our coun-try. I am confident people across the country who do not want to go back-ward will stand up and make their voices heard and reject President Trump and Vice President P
ENCE ’s ex-treme ideology wherever it rears its head. I am hopeful that President Trump takes this to heart as he thinks about his Supreme Court vacancy. I am hoping my Republican colleagues are paying attention. I am truly hoping President Trump decides to listen to people across the country, listen to what Republicans just said recently, and not jam a nominee through before people have a chance to weigh in. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, first, I wish to thank Senator B
LUMENTHAL for organizing this block of time and for his continued leadership in the fight to protect women’s healthcare. Today marks the 2-year anniversary of the Supreme Court’s decision in Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt. That landmark decision struck down two provisions of a Texas law that im-posed medically unnecessary, burden-some requirements on abortion pro-viders and reaffirmed a woman’s con-stitutional right to access safe, legal abortion. If the Supreme Court had al-lowed these provisions to stand, more than 75 percent of all reproductive health clinics in Texas would have been forced to close, leaving many women unable to access the care they need. Whole Woman’s Health was a signifi-cant victory for reproductive freedom, but the assault on a woman’s constitu-tionally protected right to an abortion has continued unabated over the past 2 years. During that time, Iowa passed an outrageous bill that would prohibit women from seeking an abortion after 6 weeks of pregnancy, often even before these women knew they were pregnant. West Virginia enacted legislation that would prohibit the State’s Med-icaid Program from covering abortion services for low-income residents. Indi-ana passed an onerous new law requir-ing physicians to report confidential patient information to the State if a woman experienced complications from an abortion. Louisiana recently passed a law es-tablishing a 15-week abortion ban that includes criminal penalties for any physician who performs the procedure after that time—with only a very nar-row exception to save the life of the mother. These are the kinds of lengths those who want to limit a woman’s right to choose will go to. Advocates have rec-ognized the harm these laws would have on women and have filed suits to block their implementation. Several lower courts have ruled that these re-strictions are unconstitutional and could come before the Supreme Court for review in the months and years ahead. These laws are only a few of the hundreds of new restrictions enacted in States across the country that are harming women’s health and violating their constitutional right to an abor-tion. To understand the negative impact of these laws on women, I point to a re-cent report from the Guttmacher Insti-tute that found 58 percent of women of reproductive age in our country live in a State considered hostile or extremely hostile to abortion rights. Only 30 per-cent live in a State supportive of abor-tion rights. We are talking about mil-lions and millions of women who are living in States that are extremely hostile to abortion rights. Respect for a woman’s constitutional rights should not depend on where she lives. Women in Texas, Louisiana, or Iowa deserve the same respect as women living in States like Hawaii, where we have some of the country’s most humane, expansive protections for reproductive rights. In fact, Hawaii was the first State in the country to le-galize abortion. These disparities and protections for women in different States can have life-or-death con-sequences for women in need of repro-ductive healthcare. Earlier this year, I shared the story of Dr. Ghazaleh Moayedi—an abortion services provider who used to practice in Texas but now lives and works in Hawaii. Dr. Moayedi’s story is worth sharing again because it poignantly captures what is at stake for women living in States with sweeping abortion restrictions. In her letter to me, Dr. Moayedi shared the story of a young woman in her Texas town who sought medical treatment with another provider after her water broke at 22 weeks. This woman desperately wanted a baby, but her fetus was not viable outside the womb. Because of Texas’s restriction on abortion services, the patient’s doc-tors were unable to counsel her on all medically appropriate options, includ-ing immediate delivery. This patient became increasingly ill and requested an abortion to prevent her condition from getting worse. The doctors on her case refused this re-quest. Why? Because Texas law would not allow them to respond to her re-quest. After spending 2 weeks in a hospital intensive care unit, this woman was transferred to Dr. Moayedi’s care, where she ultimately had to have both hands and feet amputated due to severe infection. She also lost her baby. Dr. Moayedi recently moved from Texas to Hawaii, where she provides lifesaving abortion care to women at all stages of pregnancy, including a woman with a desired pregnancy who was flown in from a neighbor island for management of her previable labor. Despite the expert specialist care she received, the patient’s water broke at 22 weeks. At that point, there was nothing Dr. Moayedi could do to pre-vent labor. She performed an abortion and saved her patient’s life. The stark contrast in outcomes for Dr. Moayedi’s two patients is com-pletely unnecessary. Women across the country have a constitutional right to an abortion, and Congress needs to do more to fight back against what States like Texas, Louisiana, and Iowa are doing. It is time for Congress to pass com-prehensive legislation that prevents States from imposing unconstitutional restrictions on abortions and that en-sures every woman has access to the healthcare they need when and where they need it. We need to pass the Wom-en’s Health Protection Act, a bill in-troduced by Senator BLUMENTHAL and one I have supported since its introduc-tion in 2013. This critical piece of legislation would explicitly prohibit States from imposing restrictions that limit wom-en’s access to safe and legal abortion services. It would prevent States like Iowa, Louisiana, and Mississippi from imposing abortion bans before viabil-ity; it would preclude States like Ar-kansas from restricting access to medi-cation abortion; and it would stop 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.045 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4488 June 27, 2018 
States like Texas from passing laws that impose arbitrary and capricious requirements on facilities and abortion providers that do not improve the health of their patients. Passing this legislation is particu-larly important following Justice Ken-nedy announcing his retirement. The fundamental rights of women should not be subject to the whims of Donald Trump and whomever he selects to fill Justice Kennedy’s seat. Congress needs to take decisive action to protect a woman’s right to choose. I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting the passage of the Women’s Health Protec-tion Act. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. 
RETIREMENT OF JUSTICE ANTHONY KENNEDY  
Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, before I begin my remarks concerning the Women’s Health Protection Act, I want to state for the record that given Jus-tice Kennedy’s announcement today that he will retire, and there will therefore be a vacancy on the Supreme Court, any nominee for the Supreme Court must be committed to protecting the rights of all Americans, including the reproductive rights of women. Nominees can’t just be focused on pro-tecting corporate special interests and the powerful few. I also continue to be-lieve that Supreme Court nominees should have broad support from both political parties and be able to clear a 60-vote threshold. A strong and inde-pendent judiciary that is above politics and is willing to stop abuses of power is more important than ever given that our current President regularly dis-regards established democratic norms and voices contempt for constitutional safeguards. 
WOMEN ’S HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, with this attention on the Supreme Court, it is appropriate that I rise on the 2-year anniversary of a critical victory for women and fami-lies across our Nation. Two years ago, the Supreme Court’s ruling in Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt reaffirmed that every woman has the right to make her own healthcare decisions and chart her own destiny. This decision preserved wom-en’s access to critical health services and reinforced that placing an undue burden on abortion access violates the 14th Amendment of the Constitution. Unfortunately, despite the fact that the Court has made this clear, politi-cians in Washington and in States across our country have made it their mission to undermine women’s access to safe and legal abortions. Here in Congress, we have seen bill after bill that marginalizes women and restricts their fundamental rights, and my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle have confirmed Trump administration officials and judges who are vehe-mently opposed to women having the freedom to make their own healthcare decisions. Additionally, State legislatures have pushed a number of burdensome re-strictions. Politicians have pushed these restrictions under the guise of protecting women’s health, but in the Whole Woman’s Health case, the Su-preme Court called their bluff and stat-ed that the real point of these State laws was to deny women access to care. Unfortunately, many States have re-mained persistent in their efforts. Since that 2016 decision, State legisla-tures have introduced 1,039 restrictive bills and have passed 180 of them. These bills have focused on everything from closing abortion clinics to crim-inalizing providers who offer reproduc-tive health services. No matter their ZIP codes, women deserve equal access to care, but it is clear that there will continue to be attempts from politi-cians to violate women’s rights. With all of these relentless attacks, it is evident that what we need is Fed-eral legislation that protects women’s access to care in every State through-out our Nation. That is why, last year, I was proud to join with dozens of my Democratic colleagues to introduce the Women’s Health Protection Act. This legislation is vital because it protects women from the burdensome requirements that States are enacting. It would invalidate laws that require women to endure unnecessary tests and procedures and would invalidate laws that prevent doctors from prescribing and dispensing medication that is medically appropriate. Above all, the Women’s Health Protection Act would ensure that women across the country receive safe, medically sound care if they choose to have an abortion. At a time when politicians in Wash-ington and in State legislatures con-tinue to marginalize women, I will con-tinue to fight for the Women’s Health Protection Act because women deserve respect when making their most deeply personal healthcare decisions, and they have to have the full independence to do so. 
TRIBUTE TO MASTER SERGEANT LEE HIRTLE  
Mr. President, I rise to recognize re-tired Air Force MSgt Lee Hirtle, who is also a retired New Hampshire State Trooper of Northfield, NH, as the June Granite Stater of the month for his in-credible dedication to honoring our servicemembers and veterans who have passed. Over a decade ago, at a military fu-neral, Master Sergeant Hirtle noticed that ‘‘Taps,’’ the traditional bugle call performed at military funerals, was playing from a CD player that was hid-den behind a gravestone. When he re-turned home from the funeral, Master Sergeant Hirtle went to his basement and dusted off his old trumpet—an in-strument he had not touched since he had been a college student. He taught himself to play ‘‘Taps’’ and practiced until he was skilled enough to play at the funerals of fellow veterans and servicemembers. Since playing at his first funeral in 2007, he has sounded ‘‘Taps’’ over 3,650 times across the Northeast. When asked why he continues to sound ‘‘Taps,’’ Master Sergeant Hirtle talked about his first military funeral. At that funeral, he stood alongside a New Hampshire National Guard mem-ber named CPL Scott Dimond. A year later, after Corporal Dimond was killed while serving in Afghanistan, Master Sergeant Hirtle sounded ‘‘Taps’’ at his funeral. As the master sergeant said, servicemembers like Corporal Dimond—and all of our veterans—de-serve the live version of ‘‘Taps.’’ We can never fully repay those who have served or have made the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our freedom, but we must commit ourselves to honoring those sacrifices. Master Sergeant Hirtle does that and is a true embodi-ment of that commitment. For his dedication to honoring those who served, I am so proud to recognize him as the Granite Stater of the month. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. AMENDMENT NO . 3134 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I rise in support of my amendment, No. 3134. By providing haying and grazing flexibility, this amendment would offer commonsense and effective land man-agement options for land enrolled in the Conservation Reserve Program, or what we refer to as CRP. There are CRP contracts today that are typically 10 to 15 years in duration. As it stands, some CRP contracts only allow for vegetative cover to be re-moved once or twice during the life of the contract—a practice that is re-ferred to as ‘‘mid contract manage-ment.’’ Even in areas that have experi-enced a drought or feed shortage, CRP mid contract management rules have required vegetative cover on CRP land to be destroyed—a practice I have never understood and one about which I get a lot of feedback from farmers across South Dakota who don’t under-stand it either. The amendment before us today would allow haying and grazing under terms agreed to between the USDA and State technical committees, with safe-guards in place that would protect the CRP cover when long-term droughts occur. Specifically, the amendment would allow haying and grazing on one- third of a producer’s CRP contract acres on a rotating basis, which would be coupled with a reduction in the CRP rental payment. CRP is important for so many rea-sons. After more than 30 years, it re-mains the cornerstone of the conserva-tion programs the USDA administers. In my opinion, we need more than the 24 million acres the current CRP acreage cap allows. In order to raise this cap in the current budget environ-ment, in both the House and the Sen-ate farm bills, the CRP cap is raised, and annual CRP rental rates are low-ered to 80 and 88.5 percent of normal rental rates, respectively. In other words, to get an additional cap, you have to reduce the rental rate in order to offset the cost of raising the cap. The House found a way to do that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.046 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4489 June 27, 2018 
It raised it to 29 million acres in its version of the bill, but it lowered rent-al rates to 80 percent of normal. In the Senate version of the bill, it only goes up 1 million acres, from 24 million acres to 25 million acres, but the rental rate is at 88.5 percent. My assumption is that in the con-ference with the House, when we get there, this will be an issue that will be negotiated. Yet, as I said before, it makes sense, in my view, to raise that cap because the cap today is not suffi-cient for what the demand is out there and for the importance of the program in terms of its impact on production and agriculture in our farming and ranching communities. The haying and grazing flexibility provisions in this amendment will help to offset these lower rental rates and make CRP a viable choice for a pro-ducer’s less productive land in today’s very tough agriculture economy. This amendment is a win for farmers and ranchers, and it is a win for con-servation. I thank Senator K
LOBUCHAR , my neighbor from Minnesota, for cospon-soring this amendment. I think she will be here, at some point, to talk about this as well. I thank Chairman R
OBERTS and Ranking Member S
TABENOW for fol-lowing through on the commitment that they made at the Ag Committee markup, when we were debating this, to work with me on this amendment to improve the CRP program. I also thank the stakeholder organi-zations and majority and minority committee staff, who worked with my staff over the past 2 weeks to reach agreement on the amendment before us today. In my view, this strengthens the farm bill, and it strengthens the CRP program in a way that many producers, farmers, and ranchers across my State have sought for a long time. It allows that added flexibility so that they can, on a 3-year basis, rotate and allow a certain amount of those CRP acres to be harvested and to do away with this crazy mid contract management prac-tice requirement that, as I mentioned earlier, has very little support out there in the farm community. It also does away with another issue that comes up frequently in States like mine when we have a drought. We had one in 2012, and we had one last year, in 2017. We had to plead with the USDA to allow emergency haying and grazing. This also would eliminate the need for that and, on a periodic basis, when we would face those conditions in States like South Dakota and in other States across the country. I see that the distinguished com-mittee chairman of the Ag Committee is here. As I said, I appreciate his lead-ership on this and on so many issues in this farm bill. I hope we get a good, strong, big vote in the end. Mr. ROBERTS. Will the Senator yield? Mr. THUNE. Absolutely. I am happy to yield to the chairman of the Ag Committee, Senator R
OBERTS . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I rise in support of my colleague’s amend-ment. As Senator THUNE indicated, this amendment proposes to make changes to the Conservation Reserve Program. Goodness knows that we have been working on that for several years. As a matter of fact, I can even remember back in the House when I was the origi-nal sponsor of the Conservation Re-serve Program and when Senator T
HUNE was Congressman T HUNE and continued that effort. We provide additional flexibilities for the management of routine haying and grazing, which the Senator has pointed out. The amendment provides greater clarity for when and how often pro-ducers can conduct the active manage-ment of their CRP land. I strongly sup-port that, as do all of the members of the committee. These flexibilities not only provide a benefit to the producer but a more ac-tive management of CRP also has a mutual benefit to the wildlife that re-lies upon the habitat created by CRP. What the distinguished Senator has pointed out is exactly right in that during the Ag Committee markup, both Senator S
TABENOW and I com-mitted to working with him on this priority. I am pleased the amendment reflects that bipartisan agreement that has the support of the grower and wild-life organizations. I thank my col-league for working with Senator S
TA-
BENOW and me on this amendment. I support it and urge my colleagues to do so as well. Thanks, dude. Mr. THUNE. Thank you, Mr. Chair-man. I appreciate that endorsement. Again, I thank you for your hard work and that of your staff in helping to structure this in a way that we could get the broad support you mentioned from the commodity groups and the wildlife groups. I think this is a win- win for conservation and certainly a win-win for the CRP program and for the farmers and ranchers in South Da-kota who—and not just in South Da-kota but all across the country who make use of this important and vital resource. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I want to talk about the tax reform legislation that this body passed at the end of last year. It turns out that this week is the 6-month anniversary of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the tax reform legislation. It is time for us to look at it and determine how it is working. It is particularly important because there are a number of provisions in the tax legislation that are not permanent. In other words, there is a sunset on some of the tax cuts. Some of these provi-sions expire as soon as the end of 2019, which is just the end of next year, so it is time to start thinking about how it works. Second, we have Members on the other side of the aisle saying that we ought to get rid of this altogether. That would mean, of course, big tax in-creases for a lot of folks. But let’s look at what the results are before we take those kinds of votes and make those kinds of decisions. I would submit that in the 6 months since it has been put into place, it has worked incredibly well for the people I represent, for the workers and small businesses I represent, and for those who are concerned about getting wages back up, fighting poverty, and helping to grow the economy. I know that in the debate we are hav-ing on the farm bill right now, there has been discussion about the food stamp program. One of the points that are being made is that food stamp spending is actually down right now. It has decreased in the last 6 months. Why? Because the economy is improv-ing. That is a good thing. Before tax reform, let’s face it, our economy was incredibly weak. Wages were flat and had been flat for almost a decade. With the Congressional Budg-et Office estimating that this year’s growth was going to be only 2 percent, we were looking at more weak eco-nomic performance. We were looking at another year where we were going to be performing way below our potential as an economy. So what happened? A couple months ago, when the Congres-sional Budget Office looked at what is happening with the economy, which they attributed to pro-growth policies, including tax reform, they said: You know what, the economy is not going to grow at 2 percent this year. Their projection for this year is now 3.3 per-cent growth. That is a huge difference. Going from 2 percent to 3.3 percent is going to make a world of difference to people in their lives, in our economy, in their ability to see higher wages and better jobs. The economy is doing better. Six months into this new law, the economy is up and running and moving toward its full potential. In the most recent Congressional Budget Office estimate for this quarter, it looks as though we are going to see some significant growth. There is no estimate yet from the CBO, but it was stated that the Federal Reserve gave an estimate of 4.5 percent growth. I don’t know if that will happen, but the consensus esti-mate from economists is that in the second quarter of this year, we are likely to see growth at over 4 percent. We will hear the final number from the Congressional Budget Office at the end of July, but, again, we are seeing more jobs, higher wages, better economic growth, and therefore more oppor-tunity for all Americans. That is a good thing. Why is tax reform helping to create this new opportunity for higher wages 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.048 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4490 June 27, 2018 
and more growth? I am going to discuss three reasons why I believe this tax re-form proposal has been helping to get the economy moving and why it is so important to keep these policies in place and to not risk higher taxes on individuals or lower economic growth if we were to move away from this leg-islation and not make it permanent. No. 1, updating our international tax code has definitely encouraged compa-nies to invest in America. We had a to-tally outdated international tax code. We had the highest tax rates among all the industrialized countries at the business level for international compa-nies. We had a system that actually en-couraged companies to keep their money overseas and therefore spend it overseas. So a company facing our old Tax Code would have had their board and stakeholders saying: Don’t bring that money back because it is going to be taxed too high. Keep it overseas. That was crazy. It made no sense what-soever. Frankly, it took us too long to ad-dress that issue, but we finally did. Let me give an example. I am told that in the first quarter of this year, more than $300 billion was brought into this country, repatriated back to America from overseas. This is the profit U.S. companies made overseas, and $300 bil-lion was brought back. Compare that to the first quarter of last year, when $38 billion was brought back. This is because of tax reform. This is good. This money is being brought back to invest in America, and it is the most money on record, by the way. So some-thing is changing, and it is positive. The change to the international sys-tem is helping in a number of ways, in-cluding companies bringing the money back and investing it here. Second, lowering the tax rate for small and large businesses has resulted in new investments in people, plant equipment, and technology. We have seen it in terms of higher bonuses, higher wages, and increased retirement contributions. There are a lot of examples. We have seen it in terms of investing in new technology and new equipment, which, in the end, is probably as important as anything because—think about it—one thing the economists have said about our economy over the last decade is that we are not improving our produc-tivity as we should. What they mean by that is that the productivity of each worker has been disappointing, and that leads to lower wages and not hav-ing higher economic performance. If you make a worker more productive by investing in the latest technology and new equipment, that helps everybody. It helps that worker have a higher sal-ary, and it helps the economy. That is actually happening out there. I have seen the results of it all over Ohio. I represent the State of Ohio, which has a lot of manufacturing and a lot of small businesses. I have gone around and talked with them. I visited 21 individual businesses and held about a dozen roundtable discussions with small and midsized businesses and one large business. We talked about this, and of the 21 businesses I visited, every single one of them is taking the tax savings and investing it in their people, their plant, and their equipment. Some are raising wages. Some are giving bo-nuses to their employees. Some are buying new equipment. Some are ex-panding their operations. Some of them are improving employee benefits. There is a company that has three branches of an auto parts store that stopped offering healthcare about 5 years ago because of the cost of the Af-fordable Care Act. They couldn’t afford healthcare. Their people had to go out on the individual market and get it through the Affordable Care Act. They are now offering healthcare again, and the employees are extremely happy. Their costs are down, and their deductibles are down. They did that all with tax savings. Many companies have done a com-bination of these things. They are in-vesting in their people. There is a small manufacturing company in Cin-cinnati, and shortly after the tax bill was signed into law, they said: We are going to give $1,000 bonuses to our peo-ple. And they did. They also invested in equipment. A company I visited in Columbus, OH, invested in equipment. It is a steel processer. The equipment they used was from 1986. The equipment itself was 31 years old, which is exactly the age of our old Tax Code. Nineteen eighty six was when we last reformed the Tax Code. After we modernized the Tax Code—finally modernized an anti-quated tax code that was 31 years old— they got rid of a 31-year-old piece of equipment and replaced it with a brandnew piece of equipment. I thought that was appropriate. That is how these tax savings are being used. There are some groups in town that put up a website saying: These businesses have benefited from this and these employees. I can tell you that it is way understated. I can’t find a business in Ohio that hasn’t benefited from it. Some are doing more than others, no question about it. Some of the big fi-nancial service companies are giving big wage increases. Other small busi-nesses might be investing in a new piece of equipment, but there are so many businesses out there. They are not all putting out press releases or talking about it, but they are doing something. This is good. This is why you see this economic growth coming up, finally, after so many years of flat wages and high ex-penses. You are seeing people begin to see a little improvement in their wages. That is really important. First are the international parts. Second is what this is doing in terms of the business side and how that affects people. The third one is direct tax re-lief to individuals because that is part of this bill too. If you hear people talk about this bill—sometimes on the other side of the aisle—you would think that is not in there. It is very much in there. People are able to keep more of their hard-earned money, and it goes di-rectly to the middle-class constituents whom I represent. They are the ones who get the biggest bang for their buck because we doubled the standard deduc-tion, taking it from $12,000 to $24,000 for a family because we doubled the child tax credit, including increasing the part that is refundable. Even if you don’t have an income tax liability, you get it. We also lowered tax rates for people. That combination means that people have seen their paychecks go up. About 90 percent of workers in America got a paycheck that had more money going into their bank account rather than to Uncle Sam because their withholding changed. You know this if you are lis-tening today because you probably had this happen to you if you are one of the 90 percent, which you probably are. Uncle Sam is taking a little less with-holding, and you are able to keep a lit-tle more. As I said consistently during the de-bate on tax reform, and we went back and forth on this, I just said: Look, the proof is in the paycheck. We can argue this all day long. When people get their paycheck, it is either going to be bet-ter or not. For 90 percent of the people I represent, it is better. Of course, they are happy about that. In addition to that, we also made the Tax Code more progressive. What does that mean? That means those at the top of the income ladder are actually paying a larger portion of the overall tax burden, not a smaller portion. Let me say that again. The Tax Code is more progressive. If you are at the top of the income ladder, you are now pay-ing a larger portion of the overall tax burden. At the lower end, you are pay-ing less in terms of the overall tax bur-den. The biggest percentage tax in-crease is for those making over $1 mil-lion a year, and the biggest tax de-crease is for those making $30,000 a year or less. This is why the Joint Committee on Taxation, in response to questions I asked them directly, said that over 3 million Americans now have no tax liability at all in terms of income tax liability thanks to this tax reform effort because they are at the lower end of the economic scale. Be-fore, they had a tax liability, but now they don’t because of a lower rate dou-bling the standard deduction—doubling the tax credit. Three million Americans don’t have to worry about Uncle Sam because they don’t have tax liability anymore under this bill. This has changed the way our tax bill works. The Joint Com-mittee on Taxation can show you those numbers. All of this resulted in higher wages for the first time in about a dec-ade. This was the strongest wage growth for nonsupervisory employees in 9 years. That is the latest data. You 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.049 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4491 June 27, 2018 
can check it out at the Department of Labor. It also resulted in a lot more opti-mism out there. If you look at the sur-veys on optimism—I saw there was one done by an NBC station recently say-ing this is the highest level of opti-mism they have seen. There is optimism also in small busi-nesses. The National Federation of Independent Business does surveys reg-ularly. Their surveys are unprece-dented because they are coming back saying that small businesses are ready to invest now and planning to invest. In my home State of Ohio, we had the Ohio Chamber of Commerce do a survey recently. They found that 70 percent of the businesses already added new employees. We are now in the sec-ond quarter, and 75 percent are plan-ning to add new employees. It is amaz-ing. This is actually happening as we talk because we changed a tax system that was discouraging growth, discour-aging investment, and making it hard-er for people to get ahead, harder to see wages go up to meet expenses. There are good things going on. Since December, the number of long-term un-employed people has decreased by about 400,000 people. The unemploy-ment rate has fallen from 4.9 percent to 4.3 percent in my home State of Ohio. Nationally, unemployment is now down to 3.8 percent, the lowest since 2000. That is all good news. What do you hear now? I hear from businesses, not so much about the tax burden—and, frankly, not so much about the regu-latory burden because Congress has also done some things to relieve the regulatory burden, particularly for small businesses—but I hear that find-ing qualified workers is their biggest challenge. I heard it last weekend, and I will hear it this coming weekend. As a small business person myself, I sense it. It is a major hurdle right now. There is a shortage of workers. A big reason is what economists call the labor force participation rate. What does that mean? It just means the number of Americans who are unem-ployed and not looking for work at all is higher than it has been in the past. These are folks who are on the side-lines. They are not even reported in the unemployment numbers. It is so bad, our labor force participation rate was at its prerecession level of 66 percent of people working rather than the current 62.7 percent. If we just had a level of 66 percent working 10 years ago, our un-employment rate today would not be 3.8 percent. If you take into account those people, our unemployment rate would be about 8.6 percent. It is pretty disappointing. That is one challenge we still have with this incredible tax relief and tax cut legislation, and increasing eco-nomic opportunities, growing jobs, and raising wages. We still have a lot of people who are on the sidelines and not in the workforce. Among able-bodied men, by the way, between 25 and 55, 8.5 million of them are in this category. They are not even showing up in the unemployment num-bers. That is wrong. You want them to have the dignity and self-respect that comes from work, and our economy needs these people to be able to work. According to the Congressional Budg-et Office’s 30-year projection they gave us yesterday, they think the labor force participation rate will get even worse. That is what they told us yes-terday. It will be declining over the next 30 years to even below what it is now—below 60 percent. That can’t hap-pen. That is unacceptable. The low labor force participation rate cannot be the new normal, and it can’t get worse. We want people to get that dignity and self-respect that comes from work. We want them to enter into our economy. As the economy is growing and busi-nesses are expanding, there is no better time to reverse this trend, to bring people into the economy and bring them back to work. I have dug into this issue, trying to figure out why this is. There are a number of reasons: dependency on gov-ernment programs and being sure we don’t have people go to work who then lose all their benefits right away—try-ing to deal with that cliff. Then there is the tax issue. When you go to work, you have higher taxes. We should do more to get people into work making more pay. We should have work re-quirements in some of these programs. That has been talked about a lot on the floor. We should deal with other issues, including the skills gap. We are doing it with career technical schools and other things. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. President, I want to mention the single most important problem we face, and that is the opioid crisis. I say this because the opioid epidemic has hit our country and is, by the way, the No. 1 killer in my State of Ohio right now and in many States around the country. It is already having a dev-astating impact on everything—on crime, families, the ability for jails to work, our healthcare system to work— but it is also affecting employment in huge ways. A recent report by the Federal Re-serve Bank of Cleveland found that counties with higher levels of opioid prescriptions have lower workforce participation rates. It is no wonder. They surveyed the business commu-nity, and about half the organizations they contacted said the opioid epi-demic has negatively impacted their businesses. People can’t get through the drug tests. Also, people aren’t ap-plying for work. Why do I say that? Well, the Depart-ment of Labor did a study earlier this year that showed 44 percent of these people outside the workforce alto-gether, who are off in the shadows or on the sidelines—44 percent of them had taken a drug, a pain medication the previous day. The Brookings Insti-tute says the number is 47 percent. When further pushed, two-thirds said they were taking prescription pain medication. That is amazing. That 44 percent is likely underreported. There is a stigma attached to the opioid cri-sis. Second, there is a legal issue for a lot of people. It is not like this is an overreported number. That is an amazing number that nearly half of the people who are outside the workforce are saying they are taking pain medication on a daily basis. The sad reality is, again, it is likely to be much higher than that. We know what we have to do. We need to get people into treatment, sup-port them, help them overcome their addiction, and get them back to work and leading productive lives. There are things Congress can and should do to take care of that. I ask unanimous consent to continue to discuss solutions to the opioid epi-demic after the majority leader has a chance to make his remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. LEE). Without objection, it is so ordered. The majority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for Senate amendment No. 3224. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3224 to Calendar No. 483, H.R. 2, an act to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, Shelley Moore Capito, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, John Cor-nyn, Susan M. Collins, Lamar Alex-ander, John Hoeven, Orrin G. Hatch, Richard Burr, Roy Blunt, Steve Daines, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, John Booz-man, Joni Ernst, Deb Fischer. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for H.R. 2. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 483, H.R. 2, an act to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Shelley Moore Capito, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, John Cor-nyn, Susan M. Collins, Lamar Alex-ander, John Hoeven, Orrin G. Hatch, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.050 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4492 June 27, 2018 
Richard Burr, Roy Blunt, Steve Daines, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, John Booz-man, Joni Ernst, Deb Fischer. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, we talked a little about the growing econ-omy, and we talked about the fact that one of the weaknesses we have is, in spite of a growing economy and lower unemployment—all this good news coming with the tax cuts and tax re-forms and investments—we have a problem, which is that many people are outside the workforce altogether. Historically high levels of labor force participation are not being part of the workforce, but instead people are being sidelined. How do you get those people back to work? There are 8.5 million men between 25 and 55, as an example, who are not working. They are not showing up on the unemployment num-bers because they are not looking for work. There are a number of reasons for that. The one I think that is most sig-nificant today, that puts us at this high level of people outside the work-force, is the opioid epidemic. I am talk-ing about the fact that we have data on this from the Federal Reserve. We have data on this from the Brookings Insti-tute and data from the Department of Labor and the Trump administration showing this is a huge problem. About half the people, for instance, outside the workforce altogether are taking pain medication on a regular basis. This opioid crisis is affecting us in every way. What is Congress doing about it? We have made progress. In the last couple of years, we have made unprece-dented progress to combat addiction with legislation like the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act, a bi-partisan bill I coauthored with my col-league Senator W
HITEHOUSE . We have the 20th Century Cures Act, which has been very important in getting funding out to the States to deal with this cri-sis. We just passed legislation that pro-vides more funding for the kind of treatment and prevention in longer term recovery programs that are prov-en to work, that have evidence-based results behind them. That is all very important. We need to continue to push back against this addiction by helping people get the care they need and the treatment they need to overcome their dependency. By the way, I have been with three community roundtables in the last few weeks talking specifically about how this funding is being used. It is exciting because it is being used on innovative new ideas that will make a big dif-ference going forward, in terms of get-ting people who are addicted and over-dosing. We are getting them the Narcan they need to save their lives and then not allowing that gap to occur where they go back to that same environment but getting them into treatment. There are quick response teams—a combination of law enforce-ment, social workers, and treatment providers getting in immediately say-ing: OK. You overdosed. Your life was saved by this Narcan—this miracle drug that reverses the effect of the overdose. Now, instead of going back to your old community where, unfortu-nately, many of those people are over-dosing again and again, let’s get you into treatment. One of these organizations that is funded by the Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act is telling me they are getting an 80-percent success rate getting people into treatment. That is huge. It is still too low, but that is so much higher, unfortunately, than what is typical out there. So we are beginning to make progress—closing some of the gaps, get-ting people into the treatment they need, and sending a stronger preven-tion message out there, keeping people out of the funnel of addiction in the first place. But, in the meantime, we have a huge problem, and it is not get-ting better in my home State. It is ac-tually getting worse. In most areas of the State, you will now see higher rates of addiction and more overdoses, and the increase is al-most all due to one thing, and that is fentanyl. This is this synthetic form of opioid that is now coming in and kind of taking over, pushing out heroin, pre-scription drugs, and other drugs. Fentanyl is incredibly powerful—50 times more powerful than heroin. It is incredibly inexpensive. We are told by the experts that most of it is coming from China—not over land from Mexico but from China—through our U.S. mail system. It is unbelievable. It is a shock, but it is true. It is so potent that a few flakes of it can be deadly. It is totally unacceptable that in some laboratory in China, some evil scientist is making this poison and being al-lowed to ship it into our country. It is now the No. 1 cause of death in my home State. Two-thirds of our overdose deaths last year, we believe, are going to be as a result of fentanyl, not heroin or prescription drugs. It is tragic and eye-opening that, when you look at what has happened, the Ohio Alliance for Innovation in Population Health has estimated that opioid overdoses were responsible for more than 500,000 years of life expectancy lost in Ohio between 2010 and 2016. It is an interesting way to look at it. It is tragic. More than 500,000 years of life expectancy were lost in Ohio between 2010 and the end of 2016. Overdoses are now the top cause of deaths for all Americans over the age of 50. It is the top cause of death in my home State for everybody. Increasingly, these drug overdoses are from fentanyl. In Ohio, two-thirds of overdose deaths last year were from fentanyl. That is up from about 58 per-cent in 2016. It is the deadliest, most difficult drug for us to deal with right now. Two weeks ago, the police in Dayton, OH, seized about 20 pounds of fentanyl during a drug arrest. Last Friday, Fed-eral agents in Columbus arrested 4 peo-ple and seized 22 pounds of fentanyl. Taken together, these two busts—20 pounds and 22 pounds of fentanyl—is enough fentanyl to kill 9.5 million peo-ple. Think about that. By the way, that is about 80 percent of the population in my State of Ohio, from just these two busts alone. On Monday we had a tele-townhall here. We do these on a monthly basis. We asked a number of questions. One question I have started to ask in the last several years is this: Do you know anybody who has been directly affected by the opioid epidemic? We had the highest percentage of re-sponse ever at our townhall meeting here on Monday. The tele-townhall re-sponse was that 67 percent of the peo-ple on the call said yes. Over two- thirds of the people on this call said that yes, they knew someone who has been directly affected by the opioid epidemic. That is the highest level we have had. One woman I spoke to on the call, Pauline from Zanesville, OH, told me a tragic story that is, unfortunately, similar to other ones I hear as I travel across the State. It was about her brother. Her brother had died of an overdose. Her brother, according to her, did not use opioids, and yet he died of an opioid overdose. She said he did smoke marijuana, but she said some-how there was something put into the marijuana that he was smoking that caused him to overdose and die. I hear this story a lot back home. I talked about the three roundtable dis-cussions we had recently in Ohio. In two of those three roundtables, a police chief and a sheriff, respectively, told me about a young man who overdosed, who was saved by Narcan, and then woke up and said: I was just smoking dope. Well, they checked, and guess what it was? It was fentanyl that had been sprinkled into the marijuana. I am sure it is the same situation with Pauline’s brother. The fentanyl that she talked about was what killed him. What is the lesson here? It is that every street drug—whether it is co-caine, whether it is heroin, whether it is crystal meth—all of them are now subject to having fentanyl included within them, including description 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.054 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4493 June 27, 2018 
pills, because sometimes they are re-formulated to make it look like pre-scription pills. That fentanyl is the killer. It is not that those other drugs can’t cause you to overdose and die also, but with re-gard to fentanyl, that is the deadliest and riskiest of all. Any of these street drugs can be deadly. We need to com-bat this drug influx of fentanyl, and Congress has had a breakthrough re-cently in a way to do that. I mentioned that it primarily comes from China, and it primarily comes through our U.S. postal system. The STOP Act, which is bipartisan legisla-tion that I authored with my colleague A
MYKLOBUCHAR from Minnesota—I see her colleague is on the floor now—will combat fentanyl at the source by clos-ing a loophole that is currently in place in the Federal law. After 9/11, we insisted that all of the private carriers—FedEx, UPS, DHL— had to give law enforcement informa-tion about every package that comes into America. This was after 9/11, re-member. We asked the post office to study it, and we asked the Postmaster General to get together with the Home-land Security people and to come up with an answer. That was 16 years ago, and it hasn’t happened. Even though you send something by one of these private carriers, like FedEx, you have to provide this infor-mation up front: What is in the pack-age? Where is it from? Where is it going? Electronically, law enforcement takes that big data and decides what packages should be taken offline. They have been able to stop a lot of bad stuff, including fentanyl, from coming through. The post office doesn’t require that because we haven’t required it here in the Congress. It is time for us to do that. I am pleased to tell you that after a few years of work, last week the House of Representatives passed the STOP Act by a vote of 353 to 52. The appro-priate committee here in the Senate that has jurisdiction, the Finance Com-mittee, also agreed to discharge the STOP Act recently. So now we can vote on it in the full Senate and get it to the President’s desk to be signed into law. As we developed the STOP Act, we conducted an 18-month investigation into this in the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, which I chair. We revealed just how easy it was to purchase fentanyl online and have it shipped to the United States. Based on our undercover investiga-tion, these drugs could be found through a simple Google search. Over-seas sellers accessed through an under-cover investigator, essentially guaran-teed delivery if fentanyl was sent through the U.S. Postal Service, not if it was sent through one of the private carriers. Traffickers prefer the Postal Service because it doesn’t have the screening that you have through the private car-riers. So we need to be sure that the re-quirement is met with the advanced electronic data that is on all of the packages coming in. It tells law en-forcement that they need to be able to use big data to identify suspicious packages and to keep this poison from coming into our communities. That law is something we can do right now. The post office would say: Well, we are beginning to provide that information. Unfortunately, based on their testimony before my sub-committee, even with the pressure from us over the last couple of years, only 36 percent of packages are getting screened, and 20 percent of those aren’t presented to law enforcement, based on their testimony. Also, some of the in-formation is not helpful because it is not legible. We need better data. We need to get 100 percent of the packages subject to this data. We need to be sure we can do a better job of, one, stopping the poison from coming into our country, into our communities, into our homes, but also, at the very least, increasing the cost of this. By reducing the supply, we can in-crease the cost. One of the reasons fentanyl is grow-ing so much is because it is so incred-ibly powerful, but, also, it is so incred-ibly inexpensive. Let’s have a vote on the STOP Act in the Senate as soon as possible. I think we can do it next month. Let’s get it to the President. Let’s get it signed into law. There is an urgency here. As I mentioned, in just 7 years, in my home State, Ohioans have lost an esti-mated half million years of life expect-ancy as a result of opioid overdoses. The impact is far greater than that, though. There are families who are bro-ken apart. Prisons are flooded. Busi-nesses are deplete of workers because of this addiction. We talked about this earlier. There is a lack of workforce be-cause of this addiction. The STOP Act will allow our country to push back against this international influx of fentanyl and will help our economy continue this positive mo-mentum we have been experiencing since tax reform became law. We can do so by combating this newest and deadliest scourge of the opioid epi-demic. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
f 
WOMEN’S HEALTHCARE Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I am proud to join my colleagues today in recognizing the anniversary of a land-mark Supreme Court decision, Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt. Before I talk about that decision, I want to talk today about Justice An-thony Kennedy’s retirement. This is a pivotal moment in our country. With Justice Kennedy’s retirement an-nouncement today, the stakes have never been higher for making sure we choose a Supreme Court Justice com-mitted to the Constitution and to pro-tecting the most fundamental rights of Americans—the right to vote, the abil-ity to organize, and a woman’s right to choose. Whomever replaces Justice Kennedy will, no doubt, have a say on issues that affect the lives of every Amer-ican—issues such as the healthcare sys-tem, our elections, and the health of our environment. In February of 2016, some 9 months before the 2016 election, Majority Lead-er MITCH MCCONNELL issued a state-ment saying: ‘‘The American people should have a voice in the selection of our next Supreme Court Justice.’’ He kept his word. He didn’t hold a hearing or a vote on President Obama’s nomi-nee, Merrick Garland, during that elec-tion year. I believe Republicans should be held to the same standard they set them-selves. The Senate has a constitutional duty to provide advice and consent. We are a little more than 4 months away from an election that will decide the balance of the Senate. So let us let the American people decide who provides that advice and consent, especially given the close balance of the Senate as it stands today. Back to the Whole Woman’s Health decision, 2 years ago today, the Court reaffirmed that women have a con-stitutional right to make their own de-cisions about their reproductive health and family planning. The Court found that this fundamental right could not be unduly burdened with regulatory re-strictions and requirements by the State or Federal Government. This was just one in a long line of Supreme Court decisions that affirm a woman’s right to make personal, private deci-sions about her healthcare and family planning. Whole Woman’s Health recognized that in order to protect women’s con-stitutional rights, it is not enough that abortion services are theoretically available. They must also be prac-tically accessible. It is especially important to recog-nize the anniversary of this important decision today because just yesterday the Supreme Court issued another deci-sion, one that, unfortunately, threat-ens to make it harder for women to re-ceive reliable and accurate information about the full range of their reproduc-tive healthcare options. As a U.S. Senator but also as a woman who served as a volunteer for Planned Parenthood and then as an ex-ecutive for Planned Parenthood in North Dakota and South Dakota, I know that the right to access safe and reliable reproductive healthcare has a profound impact on women’s lives. Women cannot have economic secu-rity if they do not have the freedom to decide when and how to raise a family. This deeply personal decision influ-ences women’s choices about whether to go to school, buy a home, or start a new business. I trust women to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.056 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4494 June 27, 2018 
these decisions for themselves and their families without the government looking over their shoulders. Whole Woman’s Health struck down some of the most egregious burdens on women’s rights to access reproductive healthcare. But the fight to protect women’s rights to accessible, safe, and reliable reproductive health is far from over. Despite this ruling, some States have continued their attempts to un-dermine women’s constitutional rights. In fact, in the 2 years since Whole Woman’s Health was decided, States have proposed over 1,000 new restric-tions on abortion, and 180 of those have become law. Many of these restrictions are aimed at shutting down clinics or criminalizing providers. Make no mis-take. This is not about protecting women’s health. This is about influ-encing women’s choices, and it is wrong. I believe strongly that the govern-ment has no business interfering in a woman’s medical decisions. These deci-sions should be made by a woman, her family, and her healthcare provider. I trust women to make these decisions that are best for themselves and their own situations. This is why I am proud to cosponsor the Women’s Health Pro-tection Act, which would protect wom-en’s access to safe and legal healthcare services, regardless of where they live. The bill would prohibit States from imposing restrictions on abortion serv-ices that do not promote women’s health or safety. For example, laws that target providers with unnecessary and burdensome building codes or those that force women to undergo medically unnecessary testing and pro-cedures would be prohibited. This bill would codify the standards set in Whole Woman’s Health and au-thorize the Department of Justice to protect women’s constitutional rights by going after these unconstitutional laws. I stand with women, and I invite my colleagues to do the same by cospon-soring the Women’s Health Protection Act. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
f 
FARM BILL Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I would like to spend a few minutes on a major piece of business this week, our 2018 farm bill. Unlike so much of what comes to this floor—or never comes to this floor, never makes it to the floor—this is not a 5-month bill or a 5-week bill or a 5- hour extension; this is an honest to goodness 5-year farm bill. That is 5 years of certainty and predictability for our farmers and ranchers. It is a testament to the great work of the Senate Agriculture Committee, and I want to thank Chairman R
OBERTS and Ranking Member S
TABENOW for leading yet another bipartisan, consensus-driv-en process. When Democrats were in charge way back in 2014, we passed a bipartisan farm bill then. Now we are doing it again, only this time the Republicans are in charge. That is how this place should work. We have set aside the po-litical antics and focused on our farm-ers and ranchers and rural commu-nities, especially when they have all faced more uncertainty than they have in years. In Colorado we have dealt with years of persistent drought. In the southern part of my State, waterflows in the Gunnison and Animas Rivers are at less than half of their average levels. Feed shortages are even forcing ranch-ers in Southwest Colorado to sell off their cattle. Besides drought, our farm-ers and ranchers are contending with erratic commodity prices, a broken im-migration system that is actually put-ting some of them out of business be-cause they can’t find workers, and un-certainty over trade because of the ad-ministration’s unusual approach to for-eign policy. All of this has made it harder for them to plan for the next 5 months, let alone the next 5 years. This farm bill cannot come soon enough. The Agriculture Committee has put together an excellent piece of legisla-tion. For the first time in 80 years, this bill legalizes hemp. We forget, but hemp was widely grown in the United States throughout the mid-1800s. Americans used hemp in fabrics, wine, and paper. Our government treated in-dustrial hemp like any other farm com-modity until the early 20th century, when a 1937 law defined it as a narcotic drug, dramatically limiting its growth. This became even worse in 1970 when hemp became a schedule I controlled substance. In Colorado, as is true across the country—I have talked to a lot of col-leagues about this—we see hemp as a great opportunity to diversify our farms and manufacture high-margin products for the American people. That could help drive incomes in rural parts of my State, like Montrose County, CO. Let me tell my colleagues about Montrose. It is a rural mountain area on Colorado’s West Slope. It flattens out to the west. I managed to win 29 percent of the vote there in 2016, and I managed to win 29 percent the first time I ran as well. I can’t seem to im-prove my position. I want to show my colleagues a pic-ture from there. This is from Montrose. Here is their Republican State senator, my friend Don Coram, who is standing right here, standing in front of a hemp plant. This is his greenhouse. He was kind enough to let me visit this past March. He told me that hemp growers operate under a shadow of uncertainty, worried that at any moment somebody in the Justice Department is going to wake up one morning and decide to cripple their operations by targeting their access to water or labor. When we passed the last farm bill in 2014, Colorado farmers harvested around 200 acres of hemp. Last year, we harvested 9,000 acres, and that is de-spite the uncertainty around hemp’s legal status. Our farm bill eliminates that uncertainty by legalizing hemp. If this farm bill passes, our growers are going to have a much easier time opening a bank account, buying and selling seeds, transporting their goods, and accessing water. This bill also gives hemp growers ac-cess to important risk management tools, like crop insurance. That is hemp that Don Coram, my Republican politician friend, is stand-ing in front of at his greenhouse. This means dollars for rural Colorado and rural America, where the ingenuity and the creativity of people is already being unleashed on a crop that, until this farm bill was written, we could not grow in our country in a meaningful way and whose byproducts—the things that will create margins for our farm-ers—were imported from Canada. Go into stores in the United States today and you will see hemp byprod-ucts, hemp products, but they are grown in Canada. That doesn’t make any sense. I am glad this farm bill fixes it, and I am glad the majority leader was the one who led the way on that. Looking ahead in the West, we know that the risks of drought and wildfire are only going to grow worse. That calls on us to make sure that risk man-agement tools are using the best avail-able data. Over the past year, we have worked with Colorado’s ranchers to make sure the USDA has good drought and market data for livestock disaster assistance. In uncertain times, these programs are critical to sustaining our farms and working lands, which are fundamental to our heritage in the West and the leg-acy we hope to leave the next genera-tion. The same is true of our vast grass-lands, healthy forests, and abundant wildlife. They are also fundamental to what it means to be in the West, which is why we made sure this farm bill em-phasizes conservation and responsible management of our natural resources. In this bill, we increase funding for conservation easements. We also make the EQIP Program easier to access for small farmers and ranchers. That idea came directly from Mike Nolan, a vege-table grower in Mancos, CO, who was having trouble accessing conservation tools designed more for big farms than for his 7-acre operation. We reward farmers in this bill for im-proving soil health. We strengthen the Regional Conservation Partnership Program and reduce redtape for projects that improve drought resil-ience. We increase funding for voluntary wildlife habitat improvements on working lands—an approach in Colo-rado that has helped us protect habitat for iconic species like the Greater sage- grouse but to do it on our own and in collaboration on the ground. In Colorado, forests are one of our most important natural resources. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.058 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4495 June 27, 2018 
health of our forests affects the strength of our outdoor economy, the quality of our water, and the safety of our communities from wildfire. This bill doubles funding for collaborative forest projects that promote forest health and reduce wildfire risk. It cre-ates a new water source protection pro-gram to bring utilities and upstream communities together around forest health. It also requires the Forest Service to evaluate the health of our watersheds and monitor the effective-ness of treatments, and it provides new authority for the Forest Service to work with local communities on hous-ing and infrastructure—a major issue in our mountain communities. Finally, this bill makes new invest-ments in our rural communities by ex-panding access to high-speed internet and encouraging projects to improve energy efficiency, energy storage, and cyber security. Working with Senator D
AINES , we also maintain funding for the Vol-untary Public Access Program to in-crease opportunities for hunting and fishing, which are so important to our outdoor recreation economy. All in all, this is a good bill. It would materially improve the lives in com-munities in Colorado and across Amer-ica—something I don’t get to say a lot about our work around here. It is even more impressive because the farm bill is not some tiny piece of inconsequential legislation. It is among the most complex things we do as a Congress. It touches every region of our country—urban and rural—and involves thousands of different, often competing, interests. It affects the lives of every single American—wheth-er they know it or not—through its in-vestment in our food, forests, water, and wildlife. We passed this bill 20 to 1 in the Agri-culture Committee. I told the majority leader the other day, when he came for our markup in the committee, that I wish he would send everything through the Agriculture Committee. Then we might actually get something done for the American people around here. We might fix our broken immigra-tion system to make sure our farmers have access to the labor they need. We might address the threat of climate change and the strain it will put on our food systems. We might address the backlog of infrastructure projects in rural Colorado and all across the West, where some of our pipes and dams date back to the 1950s. We might push for coherent trade policies that increase market access for our farmers and ranchers, instead of subjecting them to retaliation and uncertainty. There is a lot we could do if we took a page from the Senate Agriculture Committee and approached our work not oriented toward a political fight for the benefit of cable news but ori-ented toward a solution for the benefit of the American people. We need to get back to that kind of work around here. We can start by passing this bill and giving our farmers and ranchers the certainty they deserve from our gov-ernment. Given all they do for us—pro-viding the food, fuel, and fiber we rely on every single day—that is the least we can do for them. I thank my colleague from Arkansas, who has joined me on the floor and has been such a great member of the Ag Committee as we brought this bill for-ward. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I also thank my colleague, the Senator from Colorado, for his efforts in getting this done. It has been a real bipartisan ef-fort. We hear so much about all the in-fighting that goes on here, and this is certainly one of the underpinnings of our country. Again, we are working very hard to get it across the finish line. So I thank him very much. The majority leader recently an-nounced his intention to keep the Sen-ate in session through the majority of August. It is the right thing to do. We have a lot of work to complete ahead of us, and our to-do list just got a little bit longer with today’s excellent news. The 12 appropriations bills are at the top of that list. We have been busy clearing these bills at the committee level and now on the Senate floor. I am particularly pleased that Military Con-struction-VA appropriations bill was part of the first group of appropria-tions bills that received bipartisan ap-proval here on the Senate floor. While we work to ensure passage of bills that fund vital Federal programs, we must also continue to pass the im-portant bills that authorize them. We have a chance this week to add to our list of bipartisan achievements by pass-ing the farm bill, which was recently approved by the Ag Committee with overwhelming support from both sides of the aisle. If you have ever been to Arkansas, I don’t need to tell you how important the farm bill is to our State. You have seen it. You have seen the cotton fields, the rice silos, the chicken farms, the cattle ranches. We have it all in the Natural State. In fact, 95 percent of the land resources of Arkansas are de-voted to agriculture and forestry. While there is variety in what our farmers grow or raise on their land, the family farm is a way of life shared by thousands of Arkansans. Agriculture is a driving force of the Natural State’s economy, adding $16 billion to our economy every year and accounting for approximately one in every six jobs. But the farm economy is in a much different place than the last time this Chamber debated a farm bill. That is the case not just in my home State of Arkansas; it is an issue na-tionwide. If you look at the numbers across the Nation, farm income is ap-proximately half of what it was then. Farm bankruptcies are up by 39 per-cent since 2014; financing is becoming more expensive; input costs are rising; and the trade outlook is volatile and uncertain. Farmers across the country, regard-less of where they call home or which crops they grow, are hurting. They are experiencing the most fragile farm economy since the 1980s farm crisis. With the current farm bill set to expire at the end of September, we must pass a new one in a timely manner to pro-vide certainty and predictability to the folks who feed and clothe our Nation and the world. Programs authorized by the farm bill are vital to making sure that as a na-tion we do not become dependent on other countries for our food supply. Along with providing key risk manage-ment tools for our farmers, the farm bill also helps our rural communities by authorizing key economic develop-ment and job creation programs. It helps rural Arkansans with everything from home financing to internet access to small business loans. The Agriculture Committee, under the leadership of Chairman R OBERTS  and Ranking Member S
TABENOW , ap-proved a fair and equitable farm bill with overwhelming bipartisan support. I was particularly pleased to see that the committee-passed mark main-tained strong farm policy for producers of all stripes. These programs allow our Nation’s family farms to compete in a high-risk, heavily subsidized global marketplace. As we debate amend-ments on the floor, we must defeat amendments that would harm the farm safety net for our producers. Ensuring that producers across the Nation have options that meet their specific needs when those needs are so varied is a delicate balance to strive for, but the chairman and ranking member have achieved it. I appreciate what a heavy lift it is and what it took to get to this point, and I hope the Sen-ate as a whole does as well. I do have very deep concerns about provisions included in the substitute amendment that undermine this deli-cate balance. One provision in par-ticular, aimed at bolstering small fam-ily farms, will, in fact, hurt family farms across the country. Unfortu-nately, we do not know exactly how deep this cut will be. The provision was not filed as an amendment, and Sen-ators were not given time to properly read it. But I do know one thing: This will hurt farmers and the rural commu-nities where they live. USDA estimates that my home State of Arkansas will be the third most impacted State, be-hind Texas and Illinois. Iowa will be the fourth most impacted State. This provision does not discriminate against regions. It discriminates against farmers and those who feed and clothe this Nation. I am very much op-posed to this language, but I am thank-ful that the House did not take this tack in crafting its farm policy. I am committed to working to re-move this provision before we enact a final farm bill this Congress. We must provide a farm bill that gives producers certainty and predictability without further exacerbating the difficult farm economy they are facing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.059 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4496 June 27, 2018 
If we can commit to continuing to follow the fair and equitable approach that was exhibited when we fashioned the bill in committee, we can pass a farm bill that has a chance to become law. Let’s not squander this oppor-tunity. Our farmers in rural America need this bill. Let’s get it passed so that we can provide our farmers and ranchers with the certainty and predictability they need to succeed. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FAMILY SEPARATION Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the immigration crisis that this President has gen-erated. The Nation has seen images of chil-dren trapped behind wire fencing and children sleeping on concrete floors. We have seen the tents hurriedly set up to house children separated from their parents. We have seen the video of Jes-sica, who doesn’t know where her mother is and wants to talk to her. We have heard the audio of young children crying out for their mothers and fa-thers. We have heard the audio of a de-tention facility staff person telling the kids not to talk to the press, claiming it will hurt their immigration case. As of June 12, on American soil, over 100 babies under the age of 1 year are being held in detention by the Amer-ican Government. We think this can’t be happening in the United States of America, but it is. Last Friday, Senators H
EINRICH , B
LUMENTHAL , and I visited President Trump’s tent city in Tornillo, TX, and we toured a Border Patrol station in Clint and El Paso and a port of entry in El Paso. We were turned away from Tornillo on Friday, so I went back Sat-urday and got inside to see the chil-dren. We all went to these government facilities to get answers, but we came up short. Most pressing, we still don’t know when or how all the thousands of chil-dren taken from their parents will be reunited. We don’t know how children whose parents have already been de-ported will be reunited. We have par-ents scared that they will never see their children again. The confusion, chaos, and incom-petence with which the President’s zero tolerance policy was executed is only outmatched by the confusion, chaos, and incompetence with which reunification is being handled. The immediate priority must be to get these children back to their par-ents as soon as possible. We know we are doing damage to these children every day that they are not with their families. We know this. Pediatric and mental health professionals all agree. The American Academy of Pediatrics condemned the administration because those doctors know that separating families can result in ‘‘irreparable harm.’’ That is a quote from the Amer-ican Academy of Pediatrics—‘‘irrep-arable harm’’ to separated children. Last weekend, I saw children de-tained in the tents in Tornillo who were able to talk to their parents only twice a week for 10 minutes. I saw as-tounding young children—children 3 to 10 years old—who had crossed the bor-der without their parents. I saw fami-lies from Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, fleeing violence and persecu-tion, locked in detention at Border Pa-trol. I met Jade Gabriela, who is not even 2, and her father, detained in El Paso, both of them trying to escape the brutality and gangs in Honduras. President Trump claims there is a border crisis, but communities on the border dispute this. I am a Senator from a border State, and I dispute this. I represent border communities, and I have been to the border many, many times recently and over the years. President Trump has not. He should come see for himself and see the hu-manitarian crisis he has created. Detention facilities for children are overwhelmed. We have heard from a whistleblower in New York that there is not enough staffing at her facility because of all the young children com-ing in. These internment camp-like fa-cilities—as former First Lady Laura Bush has compared them to—are cost-ing Americans and American taxpayers millions of dollars. The Tornillo tent city costs $400,000 every day. The Presi-dent’s poorly conceived Executive order directs the Department of Home-land Security Secretary to set up even more family detention facilities on military bases. Zero tolerance has overwhelmed the U.S. attorney’s offices on the border. Now, instead of prosecuting violent criminals for serious crimes, Federal prosecutors are wasting resources, fo-cusing instead on criminally pros-ecuting mothers and fathers for mis-demeanor improper-entry violations. There is a call to take military JAG lawyers away from their more impor-tant duties to handle the flood of im-migration cases and recall prosecutors from their posts in Indian Country, where they are so sorely needed. All systems are bursting at the seams thanks to the President’s made-up cri-sis, cruelty, and bureaucratic incom-petence. As of today, there is no clear path forward to reunite families. There is no timeline. Tuesday, Secretary Azar of Health and Human Services admitted in his testimony before the Senate Fi-nance Committee that there is no timeline. The Department of Health and Human Services is prohibited under the Flores case from reuniting children with parents who are in deten-tion. The President wants to keep zero tol-erance in place and continue to pros-ecute and keep parents in detention with their children. Not only is this cruel and un-American, but I think the Federal judge in Flores is going to re-ject the President’s request to allow children to be jailed with their parents longer than 20 days. The President has doubled down on zero tolerance. Like many of his poli-cies that are hastily implemented and borne of his divisive agenda, there is no plan B if the court refuses, as it should, to allow children to be jailed with their parents. There is an obvious solution. Suc-cessful alternatives to detention have demonstrated compliance rates of 99 percent with court appearances and ICE appointments. These programs are both effective and cost a fraction of what it takes to detain families. Why doesn’t the President use these pro-grams and save taxpayers millions of dollars? Because he thinks it doesn’t appear tough and takes away his bar-gaining chip of detained children that he thinks he can use to get his wall. In the President’s rush to gain polit-ical traction, he has created a humani-tarian and moral crisis within our own borders, the likes of which we have not seen since we interned families of Jap-anese heritage during World War II. I can tell you that I will not back down from this fight. More impor-tantly, I can tell you that the Amer-ican people and New Mexicans are with me. It is the voices of the American people that forced the President to re-treat from his brutal family separation policy, and it is those voices that will prevail in the end. The administration is trying its hardest to hide what is going on from the American people, but the American people are demanding answers. We all must continue to speak out until we have policies in place that make sure families stay together, lawfully and humanely. We need alternatives to de-tention, and we need to stand up for due process. As Americans see images of sepa-rated children and family detention camps, they turn to Congress, and they turn to the judicial system as well. A Federal judge recently issued a ruling barring family detention and ordering reunification within 30 days, but the Trump administration may fight this ruling—just like they are fighting to overturn Flores, which came out of a Supreme Court case. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF JUSTICE ANTHONY KENNEDY Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, today, Justice Kennedy has announced he is retiring. I had some very strong dis-agreements with his rulings, especially on campaign finance reform, but I thank him for his service. He was a thoughtful Justice. I am very con-cerned with the process to replace him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.062 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4497 June 27, 2018 
The majority leader is trying to elimi-nate advice and consent from the proc-ess. We should wait until after the up-coming election. That will be a shorter time than Leader M
CCONNELL waited in 2016, the last election year. I am very concerned with the Presi-dent’s process. He is picking from an ideological list, with a history of per-sonally attacking judges he disagrees with, while demanding loyalty from his appointees. At the same time, this ad-ministration is undermining due proc-ess across the board—along the border, for minority races or religions, for a woman’s right to choose. The Constitution requires a real ad-vice-and-consent process. The majority leader needs to ensure one. If the McConnell rule was in place in the 2016 election year, it should be in place for 2018. Given the President’s attacks on due process and rule of law, we should let the people speak before we consider his next Supreme Court nominee. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FARM BILL Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I am here on the Senate floor this afternoon to discuss, really, the farm bill but, more importantly, to discuss the cur-rent state of the farm economy in the place I call home, Kansas. Every 5 years, we have an oppor-tunity to develop farm policy, and this is my fourth time, I would guess, in being involved in farm bill discussions and negotiations and the passage of a farm bill. Each farm bill is developed at a time at which agriculture faces unique challenges, and rural America is in a different circumstance. Yet the farm bill is important to us. It is im-portant to Kansans, and it is important to Kansans whether they are farmers or not. This is a way in which we pro-vide certainty, security—a future—for the places that many of us call home. The challenges farmers and ranchers face today are significant. They are tremendous. The ag economy is strug-gling, and commodity prices are low. Over the course of the 2014 farm bill— the one we are soon to replace—farm revenues have fallen by over 50 percent, and there continue to be those low commodity prices today. In addition to low commodity prices, weather has not been our friend in Kansas and in many places across the country, especially in the Midwest with its continuing drought. So you end up with the worst of cir-cumstances—low commodity prices and not much production. It is important that we pass the farm bill. It is important that we provide certainty. It is important that we pro-vide a safety net to those who struggle every day to feed, clothe, and provide energy to us and the rest of the world. A primary motivation for which I asked Kansans to represent them here in the U.S. Senate and to represent them in Congress is the belief that rural America is a place worthy of keeping around for a while longer and I hope a long while longer. But when agricultural interests struggle and when farmers and ranchers are in dif-ficult circumstances, every community across Kansas struggles, and, in fact, the United States of America faces tre-mendous challenges. Again, you don’t have to be a farmer or rancher in our State, but your com-munity’s future depends upon whether the farmers and ranchers are success-ful. The extended downturn in the economy has forced more and more ag producers to look for off-the-farm in-come. Many farmers and I would say most farmers in Kansas no longer earn a living solely by farming. Husband, wife, or both have to find off-the-farm income to keep the farm intact. The Wall Street Journal indicates that 82 percent of income for U.S. farm households is expected to come from jobs off the farm this year. I highlight that because it is that struggle that farmers face every year, all the time, every day, to keep the farm intact. I visit with farmers and ranchers on a regular basis, and it is apparent that the stress they are encountering is tak-ing its toll. Many farm families are now stretched to the limit of their fi-nancial viability. This week, the Senate has the oppor-tunity to consider and to vote for legis-lation that will help address the chal-lenges in rural America. The Senate farm bill provides a stable safety net for our farmers and ranchers; protects key risk management tools, crop insur-ance in particular; and ensures contin-ued access to credit for producers, par-ticularly for our young farmers, which is so important. You cannot borrow money from a bank or from a financial institution in the absence of the safety net that the farm bill provides. You cannot borrow money from a financial institution for a line of credit for your farm to pay for the seed or to buy the fuel in the absence of crop insurance that protects you in the loss or reduc-tion in production on your farm. I appreciate the strong focus in this farm bill on rural development and on conservation programs. The farm bill is mostly about SNAP, nutrition pro-grams, but the title of the farm bill that is also important to our country is title I, which is the farm program, but you add to that conservation programs, add to that rural development pro-grams, and this is one of the most sig-nificant opportunities we have to stand strong, side by side with those who live in rural America. One of the primary ways that I judge whether farm policy or a farm bill is of value is the circumstances in which we allow for young farmers, young men and women who grew up on a farm, young people who want to be a farm-er—do they have the opportunity to re-turn to their home community, to their family’s farm and become farm-ers? Is that increasing or decreasing? Again, I look at a farm bill and wheth-er it is successful by looking at wheth-er we are increasing the number of young men and women across Kansas and the United States who return to take over family farming and ranching operations. The McCurry Bros. Angus farm in Sedgwick, KS, is an example of this generational operation that we ought to make sure continues into the future. I just saw and learned yesterday that this year the McCurry Bros. farm is no-tably celebrating its 90th anniversary. We need more aspects of American life like the McCurry brothers and other farmers and ranching operations where sons and daughters work alongside moms and dads and grandmothers and grandfathers. In agriculture, land, equipment, and livestock are passed down from generation to generation. I care about farmers and ranchers be-cause they are the economic future of most communities in my State, but I also care about farmers and ranchers because it is a way of life that allows us to pass on values, morals, integrity, and tradition from one generation to the next. That opportunity to work side by side with mom and dad and the oppor-tunity to work side by side with grand-parents is a vanishing thing in our country. Agriculture is a place where it still occurs, and it has been important in the way in which our country has developed—that relationship, that passing of integrity, character, love of life, and understanding what is truly valuable in life. Knowing about farm-ing and ranching and working with your parents and grandparents changes the way you see the world, and in my view, this country needs more of that, not less. This farm bill is especially important now because of the uncertainty that exists related to trade. With low com-modity prices and uncertain export markets now, providing risk manage-ment tools and a strong safety net through a farm bill is even more impor-tant than ever. There are low commodity prices, poor weather, and now the uncertainty of where the United States will end up with regard to trade around the globe. We should be clear that no farm pro-gram safety net can replace lost ex-ports and lost markets in agriculture. That is why it is critical that we suc-cessfully conclude NAFTA renegoti-ations and avoid a multifront trade war that will have a direct economic consequence for agriculture in rural Kansas. In meetings across Kansas, some-times I hear: Jerry, let’s just forget the rest of the world. Let’s just take care of ourselves. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.063 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4498 June 27, 2018 
But if a farmer thinks that or says that or if we think that is possible, I would say to those people: Which 48 percent of wheat acres in Kansas do you not want to plant and do you not want to harvest? We produce more in the United States in agriculture than we can consume, and we earn a living by selling that surplus to places around the globe. It is income to farmers and ranchers. It is the economic future of my State. The trade uncertainty has already impacted markets, as countries that typically buy American-grown com-modities have started to look to other suppliers, including to our competitors, especially Argentina and Brazil. Given the trade and market uncertainty, it is critical that we do our job and pass a farm bill this week as we work toward a finished product for the President to sign by the end of September, when the current farm bill, the current legisla-tion, expires. In that economic development aspect of the farm bill and in that rural devel-opment aspect of the farm bill, I want to mention a key provision of the Sen-ate farm bill. I want to indicate some areas in which we can make some im-provements, and I would like to do this in a highlighted way in a brief manner. I want to talk about the importance of broadband to rural States like mine. I was excited to see that the fiscal year 2018 omnibus bill included a loan and grant program in the United States to bolster broadband across our States and bridge the digital divide between urban and rural. To ensure effective use of those Federal resources, I ap-plaud the Senate farm bill for includ-ing critical guardrails to prevent dupli-cation and overbuilding of broadband infrastructure for new and current USDA programs. We want to make sure those dollars are spent where there are no broadband services or where there is very little. Access to broadband in agriculture is so important. It matters in our com-munities, schools, libraries, hospitals, and businesses, but to farmers in to-day’s world, technology is the key, and broadband access determines whether your farm equipment can provide you with the latest technology and infor-mation to more efficiently and effec-tively and hopefully more profitably farm. Access to quality high-speed broadband will remain a necessary tool for rural communities to participate in an increasingly globalized economy. I also want to mention something called ECP. I note my appreciation to Chairman R
OBERTS that this bill in-cludes an amendment that I offered along with Democratic Members in the Senate, to increase the level of support that ranchers would receive under the Emergency Conservation Program, ECP. In 2016 and 2017, I talked about how weather wasn’t our friend, but that drought then caused fires to consume thousands of acres of grassland in our State, causing great damage to cattle producers. Ten thousand miles of fence was destroyed in Clark County, KS, alone. The ECP provided assistance to producers but in many cases fell well short of providing the level of assist-ance needed to replace the miles of fence that ranchers lost in the fire. It wasn’t just fencing that ranchers lost; it was their entire herd in many in-stances. We also learned of areas of ECP that ought to be improved as a result of those fires. This legislation incor-porates those provisions, and I am ap-preciative that is the case. Farmers and ranchers have been frus-trated by the long delays they have en-countered in receiving reimbursement for building those fences under ECP. In many instances, the ranchers didn’t have the money to pay for the fencing in the beginning. So this is a signifi-cant improvement, and I am grateful it is here. When a ranching family has lost everything in a fire, including cat-tle, fence, rangeland, and their homes, taking over a year to provide emer-gency assistance is unacceptable. Fur-ther, because they lost everything, many of the ranchers do not have any collateral necessary to get a loan to cover the significant costs of rebuild-ing fencing. I also want to compliment the Sen-ator from South Dakota for legislation in an amendment that he has offered regarding livestock hauling. We have a significant problem in our ranching world where, in many communities, truckers—those who haul cattle from market to market, from feed yard, to market, to processing plant—that is an important way to earn a living. The Senator from South Dakota, Mr. THUNE , has offered an additional 150- mile radius exemption for agriculture at the end of that drive. Cattle are transported across this Nation to Kansas each year, and we need to make sure that the hours-of- service rules for those haulers allow that to occur safely and humanely, yet allow the transportation to continue to occur. I am a cosponsor of legislation to address this issue, and I hope that amendment is included in the farm bill. Again, I appreciate the chance to have a conversation with my col-leagues this evening to highlight the importance of this legislation. This is about the future of America. It is about the future of rural America. I always look forward to working on a farm bill that allows us an oppor-tunity to enact and improve on policies that help the farmers, ranchers, and the rural communities they live in and support. This farm bill will provide sta-ble farm policies during a time of high uncertainty in agriculture. I thank Senator R
OBERTS , the chair-man of the Agriculture Committee, my colleague from Kansas, and I thank the Senator from Michigan, Ms. S
TABENOW , the ranking Democrat on the com-mittee, for working together. I hope at the end of the day or by the end of this week we will see the benefits of their work. I look forward to supporting this bill and continuing to work to improve the final version as it continues its march through conference with the House. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I commend my colleague for his focus on the farm bill and thank him for the work we are doing together on the Con-sumer Protection Subcommittee of the Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee. I look forward to continuing that work together, which involves so closely and importantly the rule of law. f 
FAMILY SEPARATION Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I come to the floor on a separate issue involving the rule of law. We have been reminded literally within the last 24 hours about the importance of the rule of law as applied to the families who have sought to cross the border and ex-perienced extraordinary cruelty and in-humanity when their children were taken from them. A court, literally in the last 24 hours, issued an order re-quiring that those children be reunited with their families. That decision is not only a humane and moral one, it is also in accord with constitutional and statutory requirements. Those children never should have been separated from their parents, but now, because of the court, an excessive and abusive use of power will be corrected. We are living in a time of unparal-leled threats to the rule of law and fun-damental rights and liberties from a Chief Executive who seems to have no respect for them. The courts are exer-cising their traditional role—in fact, the role the Founders envisioned for them as a check on unhinged Executive power. We also learned just today that a key figure in the judicial system, Justice Kennedy, will be retiring this summer. This retirement is earthshaking and gut-wrenching, and his departure means a historic challenge is ahead. The American people should have a voice. My Republican colleagues should follow their own precedent. A con-firmation vote should take place after the new Congress is seated. A historic decision—one that will literally shake the decisions of the courts for years and likely decades—requires deliberate consideration that simply is impossible in the short months we have between now and the election; indeed, politi-cally charged months. The future of privacy protections, women’s healthcare, and many basic civil rights, including healthcare— whether young people are on their par-ents’ insurance until the age of 26, whether people are vulnerable to pre-existing condition abuses, whether peo-ple have basic healthcare rights that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.065 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4499 June 27, 2018 
are guaranteed to them under the Af-fordable Care Act—all of these rights are at stake and at risk. The Supreme Court is not just mar-ble pillars and velvet drapes. Its deci-sions have a direct impact on people’s lives and the lives of our children. So we are in this Chamber at a critical moment when the judicial system lit-erally will be determined for decades to come. Nothing brings this issue home more readily and dramatically than viewing the children who have been separated from their families and the families themselves at the border. I visited the border this past Friday, along with my colleagues Senator H
EINRICH and Senator U DALL of Utah— two good friends and colleagues. At each stop we made, we saw the dev-astating human impact of this Presi-dent’s immoral and inhumane policies of family separation and family deten-tion. In Tornillo, TX, we visited a tent city where teenagers, 14 to 17 years old, are confined—in effect, incarcerated in a modern-day internment camp. Make no mistake, they have been deprived of basic access to the outside world and of access by that outside world to them. The deprivation of liberty is the core definition of incarceration, and the po-tential detainment of tens of thousands of families in exactly that kind of tent city located on our military bases throughout the country should fright-en and alarm every American because we are seeing repeated in a different age, in color rather than black and white, the images of those internment camps where thousands of people of Japanese descent were sent during World War II. We may not agree with every deci-sion of the U.S. Supreme Court, but we know it is unique. It is certainly dif-ferent as a judicial institution. It should be considered unique in choos-ing open-minded and fair jurists in the mold of Justice Kennedy for these posi-tions—not right-wing fringe ideologues. I believe colleagues on both sides of the aisle will stand up and be counted if that kind of right-wing fringe ideo-logue is nominated. We certainly must use every tool available to stop that kind of nominee because what is at stake are real lives like the ones I saw in El Paso. I met with a 2-year-old girl who trekked across Mexico with her father for a month. Her father held her as we spoke to him. He must now worry whether she will be separated from him and detained indefinitely and indis-criminately. The anguish and anxiety I saw in that girl’s eyes still haunt me, and it will be with me for a long time. We saw a legal, moral, and humani-tarian crisis unfolding before our eyes in realtime. This administration claims it is solving this crisis, but the clear, virtually undisputed evidence suggests exactly the contrary. More than 100 facilities nationwide house mi-grant children, and the administration is looking to open even more facilities, very likely, on military bases, and lit-tle progress has been made on reunit-ing these families. The Department of Health and Human Services has reported that 2,047 unaccompanied minor children are still in its custody. Health and Human Serv-ices Secretary Azar claimed before the Finance Committee yesterday that there is ‘‘no reason why any parent would not know where their child is lo-cated.’’ He claimed that ‘‘every parent should know where their child is lo-cated.’’ The reality is, there is no plan to re-unite them. Thousands of parents have no idea where their children are. What is happening on the ground is that many parents are enduring the pain and suffering of simply not knowing where their child is, and many children have the pain and suffering of not knowing where their parent is. The fa-ther of the 2-year-old whom I saw clutching his child to his chest as she stared into the unknown future ahead of her has no reason to believe the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services because he knows what the reality is on the ground. If the Department of Health and Human Services or the Department of Homeland Security can tell parents where their children are as easily as Secretary Azar claims, they should have done so yesterday. They should have done so before Friday when I vis-ited. We all know, from firsthand ac-counts, it simply isn’t happening and that the emotional, mental, and phys-ical damage to these families will last a lifetime for many of them. That trau-ma will be enduring. The President claims his Executive order has solved these problems, but it has not. All it has done is substitute family imprison-ment and incarceration for family sep-aration. This Executive order is in clear vio-lation of the Flores settlement agree-ment, which is legally binding on the U.S. Government. It prohibits detain-ing children for more than 20 days, in effect, imprisoning them with their parents, as the Executive order has the effect of doing. Putting aside the hu-manitarian and moral costs to this Na-tion and the damage to our image around the world, the cost per indi-vidual per day in Tornillo is $2,000. Let me repeat that number. The cost per individual per day for every person in Tornillo is $2,000. That cost alone, fi-nancially, is intolerable, but moral and humanitarian costs are even more pro-found. This Executive order is destructive. It is draconian. It is no answer to the problem of family separation and de-tention. The evidence is clear from my visit to the border, so far as I am con-cerned but also in everything the ad-ministration said, that the time is now to end this immoral and inhumane zero tolerance policy that involves, inte-grally, criminal prosecution, and the rest of these issues really flow from that criminal prosecution because it triggers the imprisonment. In effect, confinement without bail is the way it would be looked at in the civilian set-ting. This administration must adopt less restrictive alternatives if it wants to guarantee the appearance of these fam-ilies for their hearings. We know less restrictive alternatives work, they have been proven in the past, and they also cost less. They are more humane. They protect our moral principles, and they are less expensive. Piecemeal announcements from this administration have been contradic-tory and unclear. It has been the oppo-site of transparent. Congressional com-mittees now must exercise our respon-sibility for oversight and scrutiny. There must be hearings. It must in-volve all the Federal agencies with re-sponsibility. As a member of the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee, I am particularly concerned that the De-partment of Defense is dramatically in-creasing its involvement in immigra-tion and enforcement. The plan is to build these tent camps on two military bases in Texas. Fort Bliss in El Paso is one of them, and unaccompanied chil-dren will be held at Goodfellow Air Force Base in San Angelo. The families at Fort Bliss and the unaccompanied children at Goodfellow Air Force Base in San Angelo will be, in effect, incar-cerated at the bases of military men and women who serve and sacrifice for the values that will be betrayed by that illegal and immoral confinement, in violation of the Flores agreement and fundamental principles of fairness. Military services are preparing, as well, to offer additional military bases to detain migrants. DOD has sent 21 Active and Reserve uniformed judge advocates to the border on temporary order to prosecute Department of Jus-tice immigration cases. All of these de-velopments represent a clear diversion of Department of Defense resources from military mission to immigration enforcement. The Presiding Officer and I serve to-gether on the Armed Services Com-mittee as well as the Judiciary Com-mittee. We both know the deep and se-rious consideration that was required as to resource commitments in the lat-est National Defense Authorization Act—the difficult decisions that had to be made in a time of scarce resources and growing danger around the world through our military and national se-curity. I am concerned that these poli-cies will comprise military residents and immigrants on American military installations. I consistently oppose the use of these military installations to house unac-companied migrant children. I will continue to oversee the Department of Defense’s involvement in this critical issue. Again, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that the Senate Armed Services Committee must hold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.067 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4500 June 27, 2018 
an oversight hearing on this issue as soon as possible. We owe it to the American people. Family separation and detention should no longer be a po-litical issue. We need to come together and make sure the President under-stands that migrant children can no longer be treated as pawns or hos-tages—as leverage to secure changes to parts of our immigration system that have nothing to do with the plight of these immigrant families. We should reject this President’s crude and cyn-ical political strategy. We cannot risk continuing to separate and indefinitely detain migrant families. These prac-tices offend our basic sense of morality and justice, and they are unnecessary to protect our borders. Yes, we all want border security. Yes, we want to stop drug traffickers and human traffickers from taking advan-tage of our borders. We want more re-sources in judges and Border Patrol agents and members of the U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection Service. They should have the resources and support they need. We met with many of the dedicated men and women who are serving in those agencies. Violating our basic sense of due process, abro-gating due process rights so adjudica-tion is denied and due process is abro-gated certainly should be intolerable. At this juncture, the emergent need that has to be addressed now is reunit-ing these families. If shaming the ad-ministration is what is needed, we should do it, but ultimately the rule of law will be enforced by our courts. They will be regarded in history along with our free press as the bulwark be-tween a potentially tyrannical Presi-dency and preservation of our funda-mental rights. Now is the time to cele-brate and protect those basic rights and the rule of law. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING JUDGE GEORGE LEIGHTON Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 27 years ago this week, one of the towering gi-ants of American justice announced that he was retiring. Thurgood Mar-shall was a pillar of America’s civil rights revolution, architect of the legal strategy that ended the shameful era of official segregation in this Nation, and the first African-American Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. His name will be forever linked with such civil rights icons as Martin Luther King, Rosa Parks, Fannie Lou Hamer, and J
OHN L
EWIS. But the moral arc of the universe is never bent by just a few hands. We know that. The foot soldiers for justice in America’s civil rights revolution also includes millions of people whose names are not recorded in history books—people like the men and women of Montgomery, AL, who walked to work and church and every other place for more than a year in 1955 and ’56 rather than ride on the back of seg-regated city buses. The moral arc of the universe was bent by thousands of ordinary men and women who risked their livelihoods and sometimes even their lives by daring to try to register to vote in some states in the Deep South before the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The city of Chicago was honored to be the adopted home for more than 70 years of a men who bent the moral arc of the universe more than most. George Leighton’s name may not be as well known as that of his old friend, Thurgood Marshall, but his contribu-tion to the civil rights movement and to American justice was profound. Judge Leighton died earlier this month at the age of 105. If you think that is remarkable, consider this: He only re-tired 6 years ago, at the age of 99, still strong and sharp as a tack. As a pioneering civil rights lawyer, George Leighton took on entrenched racism and injustice in Chicago and far beyond. He fought for fair housing and integrated public schools in Illinois and for voting rights and equal access to jury service in the Deep South, and he won. Several of his legal victories took him all the way to the U.S. Su-preme Court. George Leighton was also a distin-guished law professor and a judge. In 1969, he made history as the first Afri-can American ever to sit on the Illinois Appellate Court. Six years later, Presi-dent Gerald Ford nominated him to serve on the Federal bench as a U.S. District Court Judge for the Northern District of Illinois. As a fellow judge and admirer and recently, Judge Leigh-ton defined for generations of Chicagoans what it meant to be a law-yer. He was a man of enormous intel-ligent, integrity, and courage who dedi-cate his first to seeing that the law was applied equally to all. He had a heroic imagination. Board and raised in the era of Jim Crow, he had the vision to imaging a more just America and the courage to help bring that America into existence. His work and his sac-rifices broke barriers and changed the meaning of equality in this country. Judge Leighton was eloquent, with a rich baritone voice. He dressed impec-cably, elegantly, and stood ramrod straight well into his 90s. He was a champion chess player. Despite all of that, he was a remarkably humble man. He was born in 1912 in New Bedford, MA, one of seven children of immigrant parents from the Cape Verde Islands off the western coast of Africa. His fam-ily’s name was Leitao—a Creole name—but a fourth-grade teacher changed his name to Leighton, rea-soning that he would go further in life with a name that sounded more Amer-ican. He and his siblings worked with his parents in cranberry bogs and picked strawberries and blueberries from March until late November every year. His early education was hit-or-miss, since education had to fit in around the demands of farm work. He had reached only the seventh grade by age 17, when he left home to work on an oil tanker sailing from Fall River, MA, to Aruba, off the northern coast of South Amer-ica. That job ended when the ship’s crew mutinied. George Leighton returned to New Bedford, working in restaurant kitch-ens and playing percussion in a dance band. Always a voracious reader, he bor-rowed books wherever he could and took classes through the Works Project Administration. In 1936, he tied for first place in a local essay contest. With his $200 prize money, he talked Howard University into admitting him on a conditional basis, without a high school diploma. He made the dean’s list that first semester and every semester and graduated from Howard 2 years later, Phi Beta Kappa. It was during his Howard years that he met Virginia Quivers, the woman who would become his wife and the love of his life. After Howard, George Leighton at-tended Harvard Law School on scholar-ship—one of the few African Americans of his generation to attend that pres-tigious school—working odd jobs to support himself. His law studies were interrupted after 1 year by World War II. For 3 years, he served as an officer in the U.S. Army’s fabled 93rd Infantry Divi-sion, an all-Black division, in places such as Guadalcanal. He returned to Harvard after the war’s end and graduated a year later. He moved to Chicago to start his legal career. He had never been to Chi-cago before, but he knew two things about the city: It was a cauldron of ra-cial tension, and Chicago voters had just elected the only African-American Member of Congress. There was impor-tant work to do in Chicago, and there was a glimmer of hope that change was possible. The Chicago that greeted George Leighton was a hard place. Even with a Harvard law degree, George Leighton couldn’t rent office space or dine in many of the restaurants or stay at a hotel in the Loop. He was not allowed to join the segregated Chicago Bar As-sociation or the American Bar Associa-tion. For 18 years, he practiced law with other African American attorneys, from an office in the shadow of Comiskey Park on Chicago’s South Side. When his clients couldn’t afford to pay him, which was not uncommon, he worked for free. He built a national reputation for criminal and civil rights cases and sev-eral times won cases before the U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.068 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4501 June 27, 2018 
Supreme Court. He helped integrate the Chicago Housing Authority and the public schools of Harrisburg, IL. In the South, he successfully challenged an amendment to the Alabama State con-stitution that used a ‘‘constitutional knowledge’’ test to deny African Amer-icans the right to vote. He also helped to end the exclusion of African Ameri-cans from jury duty in Mississippi. In 1951, 5 years after arriving in Chi-cago, George Leighton was indicted by a Cook County grand jury. His ‘‘crime’’? Telling his clients, an Afri-can-American family, that they had a legal right to rent an apartment in the then all-White Chicago suburb of Cic-ero. Enraged neighbors rioted, nearly burning the apartment building nearly to the ground. The county grand jury indicted George Leighton on charges of con-spiracy to incite riot and lower prop-erty values. Judge Leighton was rep-resented by his friend, Thurgood Mar-shall, and the indictment was quickly dismissed. Not long after that, with the support of Chicago Mayor Richard J. Daley, George Leighton was elected as a Cook County judge. He was later elevated to the State appellate court, the first Af-rican American to sit on that bench. He served as a Federal judge from 1976 until 1989. He would have preferred to stay on the bench, but his beloved wife, Virginia, had suffered several strokes some time before. Judge Leighton’s insistence to provide her with round-the-clock medical care had depleted the family’s savings, and he needed to make more money. He returned to private law practice, joining the Chicago firm of Neal & Leroy. His new partner, Langdon Neal, was the son of Judge Leighton’s old friend. Judge Leighton could have joined any law firm in Chicago, but he chose once again to go with a small, minority-owned firm. That was impor-tant to him. Langdon Neal tells the story about walking into the office early one morn-ing to find the lights already on. He looked into Judge Leighton’s office, saw him sprawled out on the floor, and feared the worst. Before his law part-ner could say a word, Judge Leighton pushed himself up and did 10 more push-ups. He was taking a rest during his morning exercises. At 77, he still had a lot of fight still in him. For the next 22 years, he would practice law, looking and sounding like a man decades younger. At 97, his hear-ing, vision, and cholesterol were all still perfect, and he was only 3 pounds heavier than when he was released from Active military duty. As a Cook County judge in 1965, Judge Leighton acquitted two Latino men accused of beating and slashing a Chicago police officer. Judge Leighton believed that the officers who testified against the men were lying, and he told them so. The decision touched off a public furor and angry calls to remove Judge Leighton from the bench. A Chicago Tribune reporter asked the judge if he feared for his safety. No, Judge Leigh-ton quipped, ‘‘I’m making careful plans to die of old age in office.’’ Six years ago this month, June 2012, the Cook County courthouse where Judge Leighton acquitted those men, the courthouse where he first made his name as a civil rights lawyer in the 1940s and ’50s and where he began his career as a judge, was renamed in his honor. ‘‘26th and Cal’’ is now the Judge George N. Leighton Criminal Court Building. It is one of many tributes in his honor. In 2005, the main post office in his boyhood home of New Bedford, MA, was renamed in his honor. In 2008, the Illinois Supreme Court Historic Preser-vation Commission established the Honorable George N. Leighton Justice Award. Judge Leighton accepted these and other honors with grace, humility, and a bit of puzzlement. He was always genuinely surprised that people found his life worth celebrating in such ways. There was only one honor that Judge Leighton wanted for himself at the end of his life. His final wish was to be bur-ied in Arlington National Cemetery. Judge Leighton died in New Bedford on June 6, the 74th anniversary of D- Day. In a reflection of Judge Leighton’s distinguished military serv-ice, his place in American history, and the esteem in which he was held by so many, Arlington National Cemetery has approved his burial in those hal-lowed grounds. Sometime in the not-too-distant fu-ture, Judge George Leighton, the son of immigrants who bent the moral arc of history, will be laid to rest at Ar-lington National Cemetery. He will rest there in honor among such other American heroes as his old friend, Thurgood Marshall, General Benjamin O. Davis, the commander of the Tuskegee Airmen and the first African- American general in the U.S. Air Force, and other members of the Army’s 93rd Infantry Division, with whom Judge Leighton fought with in World War II. It is a fitting final trib-ute to a great man who fought so long and in so many ways to preserve and defend freedom and liberty for all. I am honored to have known him, and Loretta and I want to offer our condolences to his family, especially to his daughters, Virginia and Barbara, and their husbands, to Judge Leighton’s five grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren, and to his friends and colleagues. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS BILL AND THE AGRICULTURE AND NU-TRITION BILL Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today I wish to discuss votes on final passage of H.R. 5895 and the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to pro-ceed to H.R. 2. I was not in Washington on Monday because I was visiting Senator JOHN M
CCAINat his ranch in Arizona. The Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act of 2019, H.R. 5895, is the result of a com-mendable bipartisan negotiation proc-ess led by Chairman S
HELBY and Rank-ing Member L
EAHY of the Appropria-tions Committee. The bill includes strong funding for ongoing work on Bu-reau of Reclamation rural water projects like the Lewis & Clark Re-gional Water System that will benefit approximately 300,000 people in the southwest Minnesota, southeast South Dakota, and northwest Iowa regions. The bill also includes legislation I led with Senator T
ILLIS to create a center of excellence within the Department of Veterans Affairs to address the health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits. Had I been in Washington, I would have voted in favor of its passage. The Agriculture and Nutrition Act, H.R. 2, passed the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee by a vote of 20 to 1. The bill will provide critical investments in communities in Minnesota and will provide much-need-ed certainty for our farmers and ranch-ers. The bill includes provisions I championed to continue investments in renewable energy programs, create an animal disease and disaster program, and provide support for our dairy farm-ers. Had I been in Washington, I would have voted in favor of the motion to in-voke cloture on the motion to proceed to the bill. Thank you. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a statement from the National Sheriff’s Association about border security and immigration reform be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL SHERIFF ’SASSOCIATION POSITION  S
TATEMENT ON BORDER SECURITY AND IMMI-
GRATION REFORM  The Government Affairs Committee of the National Sheriffs’ Association recommends to the Board that Sheriffs stand together to affirm that securing of the borders of the United States and reform of the Immigration System are the top legislative issues for the Association. Sheriffs pledge that they will commit their influence and some financial resources of the Association to affecting a resolution to these issues. The Nationals Sheriffs’ Association recog-nizes and supports results-based solutions that address or solve the multitude of chal-lenges that ineffective border security has caused our nation and our communities. Further, the Committee recommends that the Association vigorously supports any leg-islation that includes: Support for following the Rule of Law for the legal immigration process; Makes the Nation’s borders secure through use of physical barriers, technology and in-creased manpower of the Customs & Border Patrol and ICE; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.078 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4502 June 27, 2018 
Sheriffs be given the statutory authority to honor ICE issued detainers for detaining illegal criminal aliens, as well as being granted indemnification under civil law and tort law for those detentions; Have reasonable criminal background checks for all granted citizenship; and Support for equitable and fair cost sharing through the allocation of funds to all non- federal agencies. f 
45TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNITED STATES RERECOGNIZING THE COUSHATTA TRIBE OF LOU-ISIANA Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, along with Senator K
ENNEDY , I wish to talk about the Coushatta Tribe. The Coushatta Tribe of Louisiana is de-scended from a large, powerful sov-ereign nation of Coushatta—Koasati— people who lived prosperously and peaceably for thousands of years in what is now the southeastern United States. The principal Coushatta— Koasati—villages were located on is-lands in the Tennessee River, in what is now south central Tennessee, which is where the Tribe was living when they first encountered the European explorer Hernando DeSoto in 1540. Koasati oral tradition also holds that they were always the most northerly of the Muskogean-speaking peoples. Trib-al elders say that their villages were ‘‘abon, fallami-fa’’ which literally means ‘‘above, to the north.’’ They be-lieve that their tribal name comes from ‘‘Kowi iisa-fa aati-ha,’’ which is literally translated as ‘‘the people from [the lands] where the big cats live.’’ Some elders believe that the name Coosa given by the Spanish to the af-filiated group of villages, what is now called the Coosa chiefdom, was actu-ally pronounced ‘‘Kohosa’’ and thus the people were called ‘‘Kohosa Aati,’’ lit-erally translated as the people—of Kohosa. Numerous period maps support these oral traditions, identifying these islands as ‘‘Cosauda’’—Koasati, Coushatta, or some other spelling of the Tribe’s name. These include the Franquelin map of 1684, the 1711 Crisp et. al. map, and the 1720 Moll map. When the Coushatta—Koasati—were moving southward from their villages on the Tennessee River in October 1686, they encountered the Spanish explorer Marcus Delgado. They explained to him that the two major reasons for their move were drought and aggression from the neighboring tribe of ‘‘Chalaques’’—Cherokees. The Coushatta—Koasati—initially settled in villages in the Guntersville Basin area of what is now northern Alabama, then moved a little further south to be allied with the political or-ganization that became known as the Creek Confederacy. The present-day town of Coosada, AL is named for the Coushatta who lived in nearby villages. The Coushattas entered into several treaties with the United States, start-ing with the Treaty of New York in 1790, signed for the Koasati by Alex-ander McGillivray and Chiefs Hopoy, Muthtee, and Stimafutchkee, and the Creek Treaty of August 9, 1814, which was signed by Nomatlee Emautla—Cap-tain Isaacs—of Cousoudee—Coushatta, Koasati. When the Creek chiefs negotiated their boundary lines with the United States in 1814, they stated that their northernmost boundary should stretch to ‘‘Cosauda Island in the Tennessee River.’’ This is a clear indication that the Koasati people considered these lands in what is now Tennessee as their homelands, never renounced them, and that this claim was widely known and accepted by all of the Tribes. The tran-scribed text from the papers of the War Dept. is as follows: 
We, the undersigned head men of the Creek nation, convened [on behalf of] General John Coffee, and the Confederated nations to ad-just the line designated by the Treaty of Fort Jackson, and all [-] connected treaties [-] etc.—that the lines between the Cherokee nation and that part of the Creek nation added to the United States by the aforesaid Treaty ought, by right, to begin at the junc-tion of the Eastern [-] with the Hightower [Etowah] river and continue from thence to the old Cosauda [Coushatta, Koasati] village on Cosauda Island in the Tennessee river. 
In 1797, the great Coushatta Chief Red Shoes is said to have had a dev-astating vision of the coming Creek Wars, causing him to encourage about half of the Coushatta people to begin migrating westward. Numerous addi-tional groups followed over the next 30 years. By the time of the Creek remov-als, the Coushatta—Koasati—people had split into three major groups: the present-day Coushatta Tribe of Lou-isiana, Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas, and Alabama-Quassarte Tribal town in Oklahoma. As a result of Red Shoes’ leadership, the Coushatta—Koasati—relocated to Spanish territories in Louisiana and Texas. By careful diplomacy, they were able to remain culturally, linguis-tically, and politically autonomous. In an 1805 report to Congress, Agent John Sibley, appointed in 1804 as an In-dian Agent for the Territory of Orle-ans, reported that he had told Red Shoes and ‘‘Pia Mingo’’—Grass Chief— ‘‘the two Conchetta Chiefs,’’ that ‘‘their great Father the President con-sidered all the Red people as his Chil-dren, and he would not suffer any wrong to be done them without giving them just & legal satisfaction.’’ After living in villages along the Trinity River during the Civil War and Texas fight for statehood, the Coushattas returned to Louisiana to live in villages near the present-day town of Indian Village, near Kinder, LA. Existing laws allowed the tribe to get homestead lands along Bayou Blue, three miles north of Elton, LA. On February 9, 1898, the United States issued an Indian trust patent for 160 acres to Sissy Robinson Alabama, a Coushatta woman. The land patent ex-plicitly provides that the Robinson patent was granted under the Indian Homestead Act. In 1933, the trust was divided under bureau supervision and the two parcels were held in trust for the heirs of Sissy Robinson Alabama until June 11, 1953, when fee patents were issued to the heirs. Thus, the Federal Government exercised jurisdiction over Coushatta trust lands from 1898 through 1953. In addition, according to a report to the Division of Investigations, dated March 14, 1941, 38 homesteads were granted by the General Land Office to members of the ‘‘Koasati Tribe living in the vicinity of Elton, Louisiana’’ be-tween 1862–1941. The report concludes that, of the 38 homesteads, only two were granted in accordance ‘‘with ap-plicable law,’’ i.e., under the Indian Homestead Act. The two correctly issued patents were, apparently, the Robinson patent, issued under the In-dian Homestead Act, and another pat-ent issued under the same act for the benefit of another member of the Coushatta Tribe. On September 2, 1919, an attorney from Alexandria, LA, wrote to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs on be-half of the Coushatta Tribe, asking for ‘‘allotted Indian lands.’’ The letter reached U.S. Representative James B. Aswell of Louisiana’s Eighth District, who in 1920 asked Mr. Cato Sells, Com-missioner of Indian Affairs, to provide him with the information sought by the Tribe. On December 20, 1919, Frank E. Bran-don, Special Supervisor of the United States Indian Service, issued a report to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs describing the Indian groups in Lou-isiana. The report describes the Coushatta Tribe’s land predicament as follows: 
There is approximately 1050 acres of land owned by the Indians divided among various families in tracts ranging from ten to two hundred acres which was acquired by them under the homestead laws. Originally they were induced to make such entries by timber companies who later purchased the timber from the Indians leaving the Indians a title to cut-over land of little value for agricul-tural purposes on account of it being low and flat with a clay soil which is best adapted to the production of rice. 
The report goes on to recommend that the Federal Government purchase 40 acres of land for a farm station, erect a cottage on the land, and pro-vide a farmer to direct the Tribe’s farming efforts. While Brandon’s rec-ommendations do not appear to have been implemented, the fact that he made them demonstrates the Federal Government’s ongoing relationship with the Tribe. Over the years, the U.S. Government further engaged with the Coushattas through agents, kept track of the Tribe’s status, and provided the Tribe with limited financial assistance in-cluding funds for food, supplies, edu-cation, a physician, and farming. The government also conducted a census of the Tribe and explicitly acknowledged that the Tribe was under the jurisdic-tion of Federal Indian agencies. In this way, the government recognized and exercised its government-to-govern-ment relationship with the Coushatta Tribe for almost 200 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.083 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4503 June 27, 2018 
In 1954, Congress considered legisla-tion that would terminate the govern-ment’s recognition of the Coushatta Tribe, but this legislation was not passed, and the Tribe’s recognition continued. However, for reasons un-known, the Tribe was not included in the well-known Haas Report of 1947 and was subsequently not included on the Federal Government’s list of federally recognized tribes. From 1954 to 1971, the Coushatta Tribe was therefore unofficially ‘‘ter-minated’’ through a series of clerical errors and technicalities. Despite no longer being unrecognized by the gov-ernment and losing assistance, the Coushatta people survived through their hard work and determination. However, in 1971, Ernest Stevens, Acting Commissioner at the BIA, wrote a detailed letter confirming Coushatta’s longstanding relationship with the Federal Government. The Ste-vens letter confirmed that the Coushatta Tribe was a historical tribe that had never had its rights to Fed-eral services terminated. ‘‘In the ab-sence of such legislation, and in consid-eration of the possibility of a treaty re-lationship, we think that the Louisiana Coushattas are eligible for some spe-cial federal services to Indian people,’’ Stevens wrote. On June 27, 1973, the U.S. Department of the Interior officially rerecognized their historical relationship with the Coushatta Tribe of Louisiana, and in 1975, the Secretary of the interior took land into trust for the Tribe’s benefit. In 1985, the Federal District Court for the Western District of Louisiana, Lake Charles Division, confirmed that the Coushatta’s lands were ‘‘reserva-tion lands’’ and that the State of Lou-isiana had no criminal jurisdiction over activities on such lands. Through the continued efforts of Tribal leaders and community mem-bers, the Coushatta Tribe has steadily grown stronger in the 45 years since re-ceiving rerecognition. From its initial reservation base of 15 acres, the Tribe now owns more than 6,000 acres in trust and fee-simple lands. The Coushatta Tribe now operates more than 20 departments to provide services to members, including a health department and clinic, an edu-cation department, and social services department. The Tribe owns and oper-ates Coushatta Casino Resort, the larg-est land-based casino in the State of Louisiana, and employs more than 3,000 people, making it one of the largest employers in the State. Throughout its proud history, the Coushatta Tribe of Louisiana has played an important role in commu-nities across the South. The Tribe looks forward to its continued growth and positive impact for many genera-tions to come. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL THADDEUS J. MARTIN ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize MG Thaddeus J. Martin on the occasion of his retire-ment from his position as adjutant general of the Connecticut National Guard. A dedicated member of our military, Major General Martin has influenced Connecticut for the better and set an impressive standard for the future of the Connecticut National Guard thanks to his decades of leadership and public service. He is well regarded by his peers and has consistently proven himself as a mindful and quick-think-ing leader. Major General Martin began his mili-tary service in 1977. He received his commission in the U.S. Air Force through officer training school in 1980 and completed training as an aircraft maintenance officer in 1981. Through-out his years on Active service, he held several squadron and wing-level assign-ments and completed a major com-mand headquarters tour with Strategic Air Command. After joining the Connecticut Air Na-tional Guard in 1990, he held command positions at the squadron, group, and wing level and completed a statutory tour with the National Guard Bureau. He also served as the assistant adju-tant general for the Connecticut Air National Guard prior to becoming the adjutant general of the Connecticut National Guard. Major General Martin is the longest currently tenured adjutant general in the Nation and the third longest serv-ing adjutant general in Connecticut’s history, having reached 13 years in the position last month. During his time as adjutant general, he oversaw the Con-necticut National Guard with great in-tegrity, addressing emergencies in the area, and offering military support on behalf of the United States wherever necessary. Major General Martin’s dec-ades of service to our Nation enabled him to diligently and tirelessly carry out his responsibilities of providing forces for the Governor and Chief of the National Guard Bureau that were al-ways mission-ready. As the direct link to National Guard State resources, he routinely worked to better prepare Connecticut and the Guard to face new challenges. Already in his first year as adjutant general, he dealt with challenges from the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure Commission. Major General Martin played a key role in establishing a last-ing flying mission for Connecticut by helping to organize the transition from the A–10 Warthog to the C–130H Her-cules tactical airlift platform. This fly-ing mission recently marked its first- ever large-scale overseas deployment as a C–130 unit. Over the past 13 years, the Con-necticut National Guard has assisted with relief efforts resulting from a number of natural disasters, including Hurricanes Katrina, Harvey, and Maria, along with Superstorm Sandy, by providing essential supplies, equip-ment, and personnel. Additionally, over 6,000 Connecticut Army and Air guardsmen deployed in order to sup-port international efforts. All of this was accomplished under the leadership of Major General Martin. The Connecticut National Guard is a critical part of our State, and the un-failing commitment and leadership of Major General Martin during his ten-ure as adjutant general leaves his suc-cessor with an impressive and accom-plished Guard that will undoubtedly continue to valiantly serve Con-necticut and the Nation in the future. I applaud his lifetime of service and hope my colleagues will join me in con-gratulating Major General Martin on his well-earned retirement.∑ 
f 
TRICENTENNIAL OF FALMOUTH, MAINE ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the town of Fal-mouth, ME, which is celebrating its 300th anniversary this year. Falmouth is renowned for its jagged coastline, vi-brant rural area, and picturesque forest preserve. Located on the coast of southern Maine and spanning approxi-mately 32 square miles, Falmouth is proudly home to roughly 11,000 resi-dents. The town’s rich history dates back to 1718, when Falmouth was in-corporated as a part of New Casco. For its third centennial, Falmouth commu-nity members have dedicated 2018 to honoring their past, celebrating their present, and investing in their future. Around the time of the Revolu-tionary War, Falmouth separated from New Casco and became the settlement that we are familiar with today. In 1820, Falmouth was among the towns that voted with an overwhelming ma-jority to secede from Massachusetts and become the State of Maine. At the time of its establishment, the townspeople’s primary occupations were forestry, agriculture, and fishing. The original settlers of Falmouth pos-sessed a strong work ethic that ensured their families’ survival in the northern wilderness. Today, the town of Falmouth prides itself on fostering a colorful, modern and ever-changing environment. Town officers effectively balance the scenic atmosphere of the coastal Maine town with the 21st century need for eco-nomic development to keep Falmouth a thriving and innovative community. This year, a series of events including charitable fundraisers, outdoor edu-cation activities, and historical learn-ing opportunities will be held to cele-brate Falmouth’s local businesses and organizations as integral members of the community. These efforts create a comfortable environment to live, work, and learn. In the coming years, this Falmouth community will continue to celebrate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.080 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4504 June 27, 2018 
the accomplishments of the town’s re-markable schools, stunning geography, and outstanding local businesses. I commend the people of Falmouth for drawing attention to the town’s es-teemed history and providing a driving force to propel it into the future. A special recognition goes out to the Fal-mouth 300 planning committee. These dedicated residents have spent the last 2 years planning a mix of educational and entertaining events that will take place in the coming year. The work that the Falmouth 300 committee has done is sure to have a lasting effect that will be felt for years to come. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CLIFFORD CARWOOD LIPTON ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life and legacy of Clifford Carwood Lipton, a West Vir-ginian and a national hero who fought on D-Day and at the Battle of the Bulge, a story made famous on the HBO series Band of Brothers. In the years since his passing, his heroism as one of the greatest Easy Company sol-diers has remained a treasure to the Huntington community. Carwood was born and raised in Hun-tington. He attended a year at Mar-shall University before joining the war effort as a paratrooper in 1942, and he quickly worked his way up the ranks. He was the jumpmaster of one of the C– 47 Skytrains used to jump into Nor-mandy. Eventually, Carwood received his battlefield commission as a second lieutenant. He and the rest of the Easy Company later liberated one of the Nazi camps at Landsberg. Carwood remained with the Easy Company for the rest of the war and re-mained in the Reserves through the Korean war. Among the many recogni-tions he has received for his service are the Purple Heart, Bronze Star, World War II Victory Medal, Presidential Unit Citation, and the Orange Lanyard of the Royal Netherlands army. After the war he was able to return to Marshall University and complete a degree in engineering. Carwood got a job with Owens Illinois, Inc., a glass and plastic production facility, where, staying true to his character, he quick-ly worked his way through the ranks until he became chief operator in 1952. He moved to New Jersey to work in a similar factory and then to London with his wife, where he was the direc-tor of manufacturing for eight different glass companies in England and Scot-land for many years. In the early eighties, he moved to Toledo, OH, and retired as director of international de-velopment. When visitors come to West Virginia, I jump at the chance to tell them we have more veterans per capita than most any State in the Nation. We have fought in more wars, shed more blood, and lost more lives for the cause of freedom than most any State. We have always done the heavy lifting and never complained. We have mined the coal and forged the steel that built the guns, ships, and factories that have protected and continue to protect our country to this day. I am so deeply proud of what West Virginians have ac-complished and what they will con-tinue to accomplish to preserve the freedoms we hold dear—life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. I am honored to recognize Carwood’s memory, as well as the unwavering love he had for our home State and our great Nation.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. EDWIN WELCH Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise today to honor Dr. Edwin Welch upon his retirement as president of the Uni-versity of Charleston after a 29-year legacy of innovation that has advanced the university into a world-class insti-tution. As a former White House employee during the Kennedy, Johnson, and Nixon administrations, an ordained minister, a college professor, provost, and president, Dr. Welch brought a wealth of experience and drive to the Mountain State. Since his first days at U.C. in 1989, Dr. Welch had a clear vision for the university, keeping in mind the needs of the Charleston community and of West Virginia. Our State is so unique to the rest of the Nation. We are home to the most hard-working, creative, hospitable people in the country—very much self-made people. Dr. Welch knows what a college education means to them and to their families, and so he has spent his career developing new op-portunities for them to use to their ad-vantage. Together, with faculty, staff, and the community, Dr. Welch sought to forecast challenges and opportuni-ties and to create the best possible strategies for maintaining a strong in-stitution. His collaborative vision brought the university back from the brink of financial peril and allowed it to grow and thrive. Under his leadership, more than 20 construction projects have reinvigo-rated U.C., which has also seen a dra-matic increase in enrollment through-out the years. In 1994, he secured one of the largest gifts in the university’s his-tory, which led to the construction of the Clay Tower Building. More re-cently, he oversaw the $20 million Rus-sell and Martha Wehrle Innovation Center project, which serves to create a strong campus base for innovation that will extend into Charleston and the Greater Kanawha region. Additionally, Dr. Welch’s wife, Dr. Janet Welch, has made exceptional contributions to edu-cation and the arts at U.C. and throughout the community. She re-ceived national recognition for the cre-ation of the Erma Byrd Galley for West Virginia Women Artists, among her many accomplishments. For his efforts, Dr. Welch has earned numerous recognitions, such as the YMCA’s Spirit of the Valley Award for his community service efforts, and he was also the first recipient of the Charles L. Foreman Award for Innova-tion in Private Higher Education by the Foundation for Independent Higher Education. In fact, he’s so beloved by the community that there is even a towboat named after him, which you can occasionally see floating down the Kanawha River. Furthermore, one of the most re-spected aspects of Dr. Welch’s tenure is his relationship with students, faculty, and staff. He once said that the life and work of the university is not what goes on in his office. It is what goes on in the interactions students have with faculty members, staff, and adminis-trators. He frequently walked the cam-pus or sat down for lunch in the cafe-teria to hear students’ concerns, prob-lems, accomplishments, and their dreams. He kept all of this in the back of his mind when making any signifi-cant decision for the university. Dr. Welch sees education for the ever-changing environment that it is. He has truly laid the groundwork for all who will follow in his footsteps, who will constantly strive to bring the very best opportunities to U.C. students and to strengthen the Kanawha Valley re-gion. The effects of this close-knit city-university relationship are pro-found and serve as an outstanding model for all educational establish-ments. While he is retiring and everyone is certain to miss his strong leadership, Dr. Welch’s dedication and commit-ment to excellence will leave a lasting legacy with the countless lives he has touched. Again, I congratulate and thank Dr. Welch for his remarkable years of serv-ice. I am honored to wish good health and much happiness to him and Dr. Janet Welch in the days and years ahead. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ABI’S ARTISAN ICE CREAM ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, America’s entrepreneurs are known to strive to go above and beyond by producing uniquely high-quality goods to better serve their local communities. Our Na-tion’s small businesses are often led by people who are not afraid to innovate and bring new ideas to the market-place. Many small businesses in my home State of Idaho harness this cre-ative spirit and are well known for their locally sourced, all-natural prod-ucts. Today, it is my distinct pleasure to recognize a small business from Couer d’Alene, ID, that displays such forward thinking in the food service in-dustry. As chairman of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship, I am proud to recognize Abi’s Ar-tisan Ice Cream as the Small Business of the Month for June 2018. This fam-ily-owned and operated business is dedicated to providing fresh, whole-some, and natural products to their customers. Previously a healthcare consultant, Maren Scoggins founded Abi’s as a way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.082 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4505 June 27, 2018 
to bring together her love of cooking and her desire to bring happiness to the lives of others. She named her ice cream shop after her daughter Abigail. Better known as Abi, she can often be found in the shop’s kitchen sampling her mother’s latest flavors. Abi, who has a peanut allergy, inspired her mother to create a selection of flavors free of nuts and legumes, to allow as many people as possible to enjoy her creations. In addition to being legume and nut- free, Maren wanted to provide ice cream that customers loved without artificial flavors or preservatives. Abi’s is technically a specialty kitchen, as everything is made by hand and on- site. The kitchen is open and cus-tomers are invited to observe the proc-ess of how the ice cream is made. In pursuit of her goal for all-natural, great-tasting ice cream, Maren works hard to ensure that her creations can be enjoyed by all. By exclusively using natural and in-season ingredients, cus-tomers are able to enjoy healthy and seasonal ice cream. Maren is always experimenting with new and unique flavors for the community to enjoy. While they have a selection of staple flavors, Abi’s also creates rotating sea-sonal flavors to ensure that their cus-tomers always have the opportunity to try something new and innovative. Whether it is their ‘‘fan favorite’’ malt-ed vanilla with coffee and chocolate chips or just a simple ice cream sand-wich, her customers always remain confident in Maren’s all-natural recipe. In each one of her creations, Maren prides herself on using as few ingredi-ents as possible and believes that the simplest recipes can be the best tast-ing. As a result of their hard work and dedication, Abi’s Artisan Ice Cream was named a top 10 ice cream shop in Idaho by OnlyInYourState. Maren’s ice cream shop is also heav-ily involved in the Coeur d’Alene com-munity. Aside from being locally owned and operated, the ice cream shop works closely with the Coeur d’Alene Downtown Association to organize and contribute to the annual Couer d’Alene street fair. In addition, Maren’s small business supports other local busi-nesses in the area by making a con-certed effort to procure their ingredi-ents from local sources. Their ice cream can also be found around Coeur d’Alene in several coffee shops and art galleries. Art from these galleries is displayed on the walls of Abi’s, and cof-fee from local coffee shops are used in Abi’s creations. This is a great example of a small business having an integral role in the community and supporting other groups and enterprises to create the best experience possible for their local customers. The State of Idaho is proud to be a home for creative small businesses like Abi’s Artisan Ice Cream. Through their commitment to providing hand-craft-ed, flavorful ice cream, customers are able to enjoy an excellent product, pro-duced in their own community. Earlier this year, Abi’s celebrated its 2-year anniversary. I would like to congratulate them on their achievement and extend my sin-cerest congratulations to Maren, Abi-gail, and all of the employees at Abi’s Artisan Ice Cream. I wish you nothing but the best and I look forward to watching your continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DENNIS NIXON ∑Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the career of one of Rhode Island’s most respected ocean and coastal experts, my friend Dennis Nixon. Throughout his career, he has demonstrated a deep commitment to Rhode Island and ocean and coastal issues more broadly. Mr. Nixon first arrived at the Univer-sity of Rhode Island in 1975 to pursue his master’s in marine affairs. Thank-fully for us, he received his degree and then decided to stay in the Ocean State as a professor at the university. Since then he has been a mainstay on the University of Rhode Island’s campus, teaching courses in maritime and coastal law and publishing over 50 arti-cles and a casebook on the topic. He served as associate dean of aca-demic Affairs for the College of Envi-ronment and Life Sciences and then for 4 years as associate dean for research and administration at the University of Rhode Island’s Graduate School of Oceanography. In that position, Mr. Nixon managed the school’s beautiful Narragansett Bay campus and the 185- foot National Science Foundation re-search vessel Endeavor. Mr. Nixon also serves as the risk manager and legal advisor to the University National Oceanographic Laboratory System, based at URI’s Graduate School of Oceanography, which coordinates among oceanographic universities for research time on vessels like Endeavor. His influence does not stop at URI; he has lectured on 6 continents and in more than 25 States. Mr. Nixon was in-strumental in the creation of the unique dual degree program in marine affairs and law between the University of Rhode Island’s Department of Ma-rine Affairs and Roger Williams Uni-versity Law School. Outside academics, he cofounded Point Club, an insurance cooperative for fishing vessels. I first encountered Mr. Nixon when the tanker World Prodigy crashed into Brenton Reef, causing an oilspill. I was a young staffer in the Rhode Island at-torney general’s office, and Mr. Nixon joined the team as our maritime law expert. Later, I was U.S. attorney when the tug-and-barge Scandia/North Cape caused another massive oilspill, and I turned again to Mr. Nixon’s profes-sional advice. We worked well together and became friends. In 2013, Mr. Nixon was appointed di-rector of Rhode Island Sea Grant. His deep connections to Rhode Island and expertise in ocean and coastal issues have helped Rhode Island Sea Grant further its reach into the State’s coast-al communities and raise its profile na-tionwide. Among its priorities, the State’s Sea Grant Program is currently supporting research into the causes and consequences of harmful algal blooms and the effects of the Block Is-land Wind Farm on fishing interests and home values. Mr. Nixon’s regard in the State was on display when he was tapped to moderate the marine debris symposia put on in conjunction with the Volvo Ocean Race’s stopovers in Newport in 2015 and 2018. His drive to ensure Rhode Island maintains its leadership in marine scholarship, development, and con-servation is evident throughout his ca-reer. Mr. Nixon obviously cares deeply about ocean and coastal resources and the fishermen, businesses, and commu-nities that rely on these resources. He is even a fairly presentable sailor him-self. For over 40 years, the Ocean State has benefited from Mr. Nixon’s passion and leadership, and for this sincere dedication to Rhode Island and coastal communities around the world, I stand today to recognize and salute him. Fair winds and following seas, my friend.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:02 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2083. An act to allow for the taking of pinnipeds on the Columbia River and its trib-utaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species. H.R. 4294. An act to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures by offi-cers or employees of a Federal agency of cer-tain living will and stress test determina-tions. H.R. 5841. An act to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States to more effec-tively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by cer-tain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, June 27, 2018, he has signed the following en-rolled bill, which was previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
H.R. 931. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a vol-untary registry to collect data on cancer in-cidence among firefighters. 
At 4:52 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.085 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4506 June 27, 2018 
personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and asks a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and that the following Mem-bers be the managers of the conference on the part of the House: From the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. Thornberry, Wilson of South Carolina, LoBiondo, Bishop of Utah, Turner, Rogers of Alabama, Shuster, Conaway, Lamborn, Wittman, Coffman, Mrs. Hartzler, Messrs. Austin Scott of Georgia, Cook, Byrne, Ms. Stefanik, Messrs. Bacon, Banks of Indiana, Smith of Washington, Mrs. Davis of California, Messrs. Langevin, Cooper, Ms. Bordallo, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Tson-gas, Mr. Garamendi, Ms. Speier, Mr. Veasey, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. O’Rourke, and Mrs. Murphy of Florida. From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. Latta, Johnson of Ohio, and Pallone. From the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. Hensarling, Barr, and Ms. Maxine Waters of California. From the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. Royce of California, Kinzinger, and Engel. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2083. An act to allow for the taking of pinnipeds on the Columbia River and its trib-utaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4294. An act to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures by offi-cers or employees of a Federal agency of cer-tain living will and stress test determina-tions; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5841. An act to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States to more effec-tively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by cer-tain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, June 27, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: S. 1091. An act to establish a Federal Advi-sory Council to Support Grandparents Rais-ing Grandchildren. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5630. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Tolfenpyrad; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9976–21) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5631. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Thiencarbazone-methyl; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9978–50) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–5632. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oxirane, 2-methyl-, polymer with oxirane, mono[2-[2-(2- methoxymethylethoxy)methylethoxy] methylether] ether; Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9978–08) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5633. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluroxypyr; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9978–70) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5634. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Benzovindiflupyr; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9977–94) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5635. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Acetochlor; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9976–41) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5636. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to violations of the Antideficiency Act; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. EC–5637. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of two (2) offi-cers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5638. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of nine (9) offi-cers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5639. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to seri-ous human rights abuse or corruption that was declared in Executive Order 13818 of De-cember 20, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5640. A communication from the Regu-latory Specialist, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Securities Trans-action Settlement Cycle’’ (RIN1557–AE24) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5641. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Unverified List (UVL); Correction’’ (RIN0694–AH54) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5642. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Office of Cybersecurity, Energy Security and Emergency Response, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Vulnerability of the Electric Grid to an Electromagnetic Pulse and the Potential Impact on Electric Power Delivery and Reliability’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–5643. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coordination of Protection Systems for Performance During Faults and Specific Training for Personnel Reliability Standards’’ (Docket No. RM16–22– 000)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 21, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5644. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Previously-Incurred Costs in the WIFIA Program’’ (FRL No. 9979–90–OW) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5645. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Outer Continental Shelf Air Regula-tions Update to Include New Jersey State Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9977–64–Region 2) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5646. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ocean Dumping; Withdrawal of Des-ignated Disposal Site; Grays Harbor, Wash-ington’’ (FRL No. 9979–31–Region 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.003 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4507 June 27, 2018 
22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5647. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Mercury; Reporting Requirements for the TSCA Mercury Inventory’’ (FRL No. 9979–74) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5648. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; New Hampshire; Delegation of Author-ity’’ (FRL No. 9979–29–Region 1) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5649. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Nebraska Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; Adoption of a New Chapter under the Nebraska Administrative Code’’ (FRL No. 9979–85–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5650. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Minnesota; Regional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9980–09–Region 5) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5651. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; South Da-kota; Revisions to the Permitting Rules’’ (FRL No. 9979–69–Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5652. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Montana; Revisions to PSD Permitting Rules’’ (FRL No. 9979–76–Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5653. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Iowa; Amendment to the Administrative Consent Order, Grain Processing Corporation, Muscatine, Iowa; Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9979–97–Region 7) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5654. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; SC: Multiple Re-visions to Air Pollution Control Standards’’ (FRL No. 9979–80–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–5655. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; SC; Definitions and Open Burning’’ (FRL No. 9979–78–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5656. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; SC; VOC Defini-tion’’ (FRL No. 9979–92–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5657. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alaska; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9980–00–Region 10) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5658. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; AK; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2010 Nitro-gen Dioxide and Sulfur Dioxide National Am-bient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9979– 87–Region 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5659. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Possession Licenses for Production of Radio-active Material Using an Accelerator’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 21, Revision 1) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 21, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5660. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Chief Financial Officer, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission , transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision of Fee Schedules, Fee Recovery for Fiscal Year 2018’’ ((RIN3150–AJ95) (NRC–2017–0026)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5661. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Beginning of Con-struction for the Investment Tax Credit under Section 48’’ (Notice 2018–59) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5662. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Designated Quali-fied Opportunity Zones under Revenue Code 1400Z–2’’ (Notice 2018–48) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5663. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for Regu-latory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Parts 4022 and 4044) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 25, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5664. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fiscal year 2017 annual report relative to the Notification and Fed-eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5665. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Peace Corps, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the period of October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5666. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Use of Spectrum Bands Above 24 GHz for Mobile Radio Services’’ ((WT Docket No. 10–112) (FCC 18–73)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5667. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Consumer and Governmental Af-fairs Bureau, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Protecting Con-sumers from Unauthorized Carrier Changes and Related Unauthorized Charges’’ ((CG Docket No. 17–169) (FCC 18–78)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5668. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0492)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5669. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Model A310 Series Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0071)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5670. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1100)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5671. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.010 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4508 June 27, 2018 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0363)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5672. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1245)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5673. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0025)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5674. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1245)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5675. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Model AS332L2 and EC225LP helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3883)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5676. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0776)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5677. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9523)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5678. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Boeing Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2018–0413)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5679. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0362)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5680. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0446)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5681. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0398)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5682. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0443)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5683. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0907)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5684. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0775)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5685. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0530)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5686. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Safran Helicopter Engines, S.A., Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0838)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5687. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion Model S–76C helicopters’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0874)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5688. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Can-ada Limited Model 407 helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0667)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5689. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Model 750XL Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0373)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5690. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pacific Aerospace Limited Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0372)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5691. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Glid-ers’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018– 0093)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5692. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Gulfstream Aerospace Cor-poration Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1163)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5693. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Textron Aviation Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0068)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5694. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbojet Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0287)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5695. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honda Aircraft Company LLC Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0463)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.012 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4509 June 27, 2018 
EC–5696. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Lockheed Martin Corpora-tion Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Com-pany’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0447)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5697. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics (Formerly Known as Saab AB, Saab Aerosystems)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0450)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5698. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0429)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5699. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0238)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5700. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Diamond Aircraft Industries GmbH Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0188)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5701. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Paris, ID’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0973)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5702. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Manley Hot Springs, AK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0970)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5703. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace and Class E Air-space; Erie, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1195)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5704. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D & E Airspace and Revoca-tion of Class E; Pocatello, ID’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0855)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5705. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Charlotte, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0721)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5706. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Milwaukee, WI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0740)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5707. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Muscatine, IA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5708. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Hamilton, NY’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1089)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5709. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace and Class E Air-space; Greenwood, MS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0994)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5710. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (171)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5711. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (103)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5712. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (98)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5713. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (45)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5714. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of VOR Federal Airway V–312; Northeast United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0149)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5715. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of Air Traffic Service (ATS) Routes in the Vicinity of Richmond, IN’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1144)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5716. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlan-tic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XF577) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5717. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF832) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5718. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher/Processors Using Trawl Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF653) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5719. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnu-son-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2017–2018 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjust-ments’’ (RIN0648–BH20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5720. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher/Processors Using Trawl Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF653) received in the Office of the President of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.014 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4510 June 27, 2018 
Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5721. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF675) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5722. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF655) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5723. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF671) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5724. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF656) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5725. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inter-national Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fisheries; 2017 Commercial Pacific Bluefin Tuna Fish-ery Closure in the Eastern Pacific Ocean’’ (RIN0648–XF630) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5726. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inter-national Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fisheries; 2017 Bigeye Tuna Longline Fishery Closure in the Eastern Pacific Ocean’’ (RIN0648– XF605) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5727. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries in the Car-ibbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic Region; Amendment 37; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BG33) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5728. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Deep-Sea Red Crab Fishery; 2017–2019 Atlantic Deep-Sea Red Crab Speci-fications’’ (RIN0648–XE900) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5729. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands; 2017 and 2018 Harvest Specifications for Groundfish’’ (RIN0648–XE989) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5730. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska: Deep-Water Species Fishery by Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alas-ka’’ (RIN0648–XG109) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5731. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska: Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XG120) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5732. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska: Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XF169) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5733. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF834) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5734. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF835) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5735. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commer-cial Quota Harvested for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts’’ (RIN0648–XF550) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5736. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF806) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5737. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the Bering Sea Sub-area of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF537) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5738. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Western Aleu-tian Islands District of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF576) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5739. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Non-American Fisheries Act Crab Vessels Operating as Catcher Vessels Using Pot Gear in the West-ern Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF941) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5740. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Small-Mesh Multispecies Fishery; Adjustment to the Northern Red Hake Inseason Possession Limit’’ (RIN0648–XF471) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5741. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 620 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XG077) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5742. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fra-ser River Sockeye and Pink Salmon Fish-eries; Inseason Orders’’ (RIN0648–XF775) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5743. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska; Chinook Salmon Prohibited Spe-cies Catch Limits in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF786) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5744. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Ac-countability Measures and Closure for Blueline Tilefish in the South Atlantic Re-gion’’ (RIN0648–XF525) received in the Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.016 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4511 June 27, 2018 
of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5745. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #1 Through #4’’ (RIN0648–XF355) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5746. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Golden Tilefish Hook-and-Line Component’’ (RIN0648–XF854) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5747. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Economic Exclusive Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Ber-ing Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleu-tian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648– XF851) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5748. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2017 Recreational Accountability Measures and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Gray Triggerfish’’ (RIN0648–XF005) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5749. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Re-sources of the South Atlantic; 2018–2019 Rec-reational Fishing Season for Black Sea Bass’’ (RIN0648–XG056) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5750. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XF615) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5751. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; Temporary Rule; Inseason Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF724) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5752. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘At-lantic Highly Migratory Species; North At-lantic Swordfish Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XF416) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5753. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reapportionment of the 2017 Gulf of Alaska Pacific Halibut Prohibited Species Catch Limits for the Trawl Deep-Water and Shallow-Water Fishery Categories’’ (RIN0648–XF558) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5754. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Trip Limit Increase for the Common Pool Fish-ery’’ (RIN0648–XF256) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5755. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; 2017–2018 Commercial Closure for King Mackerel in the Gulf of Mexico Northern Zone’’ (RIN0648– XF920) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5756. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2017–2018 Biennial Speci-fications and Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BG95) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5757. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the West-ern Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF798) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5758. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Tri-mester 2 Georges Bank Cod Total Allowable Catch Area Closure; Updated 2017 Georges Bank Cod Annual Catch Limit for the Com-mon Pool; Possession Prohibition for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XF747) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5759. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF733) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5760. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF296) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5761. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic; 2017 Recreational and Commercial Closures for the Florida Keys/East Florida Stock of Hogfish in the South Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico’’ (RIN0648–XF602) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5762. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Longnose Skate in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF707) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5763. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Trawl Catcher Vessels in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF896) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5764. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF722) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5765. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Re-sources of the South Atlantic Commercial Trip Limit Reduction for Vermilion Snap-per’’ (RIN0648–XF683) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5766. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the West Yakutat District of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF572) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5767. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the West Yakutat District of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XF573) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5768. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.018 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4512 June 27, 2018 
‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area; Correction’’ (RIN0648–XF654) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5769. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; 2017–2018 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for King Mackerel in the Gulf of Mexico Western Zone’’ (RIN0648–XF735) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5770. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Vermilion Snapper’’ (RIN0648– XF730) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5771. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commercial Ac-countability Measures and Closure for South Atlantic Greater Amberjack’’ (RIN0648– XF729) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5772. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648–XF209) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5773. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Yellowfin Sole for Vessels Participating in the BSAI Trawl Limited Ac-cess Fishery on the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF468) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5774. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XF408) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5775. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648– XF472) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5776. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Greenland Turbot in the Aleutian Islands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF389) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5777. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Account-ability Measure-Based Closures for Rec-reational Species in the U.S. Caribbean off Puerto Rico’’ (RIN0648–XF344) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2842. A bill to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or products (Rept. No. 115–285). S. 2848. A bill to improve Department of Transportation controlled substances and al-cohol testing, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–286). By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–287). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1158. A bill to help prevent acts of geno-cide and other atrocity crimes, which threat-en national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capac-ities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises. S. 2463. A bill to establish the United States International Development Finance Corporation, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. *Heidi R. King, of California, to be Admin-istrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. *Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be a Commissioner of the Con-sumer Product Safety Commission for the remainder of the term expiring October 26, 2019. *Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. *Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2017. *Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be a Commissioner of the Con-sumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2019. *Coast Guard nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Andrew S. McKinley, to be Rear Admiral. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. M CCASKILL: S. 3144. A bill to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strate-gies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. S
ASSE): S. 3145. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for lifelong learning accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CARPER: S. 3146. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 to allow the District of Columbia to receive Federal funding under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 3147. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to permanently appro-priate funding for the administrative ex-penses of the Social Security Administra-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 3148. A bill to prohibit certain business concerns from receiving assistance from the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. H
ASSAN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 3149. A bill to modify the penalties for violations of the Telephone Consumer Pro-tection Act of 1993; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. R EED, Ms. H AS-
SAN, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. K ING, Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. S MITH, Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. C OR-
TEZMASTO , Mr. K AINE, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. B
ENNET , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. N EL-
SON, Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. T ESTER , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. D ONNELLY ): S. 3150. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to provide for ad-ditional disclosure requirements for corpora-tions, labor organizations, Super PACs and other entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. R EED, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. V AN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.020 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4513 June 27, 2018 
HOLLEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. 3151. A bill to secure the rights of public employees to organize, act concertedly, and bargain collectively, which safeguard the public interest and promote the free and un-obstructed flow of commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MERKLEY: S. 3152. A bill to establish a pilot grant pro-gram to support career and technical edu-cation exploration programs in middle schools and high schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ): S. Res. 557. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the strategic importance of NATO to the collective secu-rity of the transatlantic region and urging its member states to work together at the upcoming summit to strengthen the alliance; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 197 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 197, a bill to amend the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act to improve compensation for workers involved in uranium mining, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsur-ance under Medicare for colorectal can-cer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 514 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 514, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided reso-nance therapy to veterans. 
S. 805 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 805, a bill to impose a tax on certain trading transactions to in-vest in our families and communities, improve our infrastructure and our en-vironment, strengthen our financial se-curity, expand opportunity and reduce market volatility. S. 1092 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1092, a bill to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibi-tions. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum pe-riod, to eliminate disparities in mater-nal health outcomes for pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ), the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1212, a bill to provide family members of an indi-vidual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others, and law en-forcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1520 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1520, a bill to expand rec-reational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2009 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2009, a bill to require a background check for every firearm sale. 
S. 2095 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2095, a bill to regulate as-sault weapons, to ensure that the right to keep and bear arms is not unlimited, and for other purposes. 
S. 2415 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2415, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to stream-line enrollment of certain Medicaid providers and suppliers across State lines, and for other purposes. 
S. 2463 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2463, a bill to establish the United States International Development Fi-nance Corporation, and for other pur-poses. S. 2465 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2465, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment dem-onstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveil-lance, prevention, and treatment. 
S. 2471 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2471, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to improve the compassionate release process of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make improve-ments to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2694 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2694, a bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to lengthen the stat-ute of limitations for enforcing robocall violations, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2842 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2842, a bill to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or products. 
S. 2881 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2881, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to seek to enter into an agree-ment with the city of Vallejo, Cali-fornia, for the transfer of Mare Island Naval Cemetery in Vallejo, California, and for other purposes. 
S. 2941 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2941, a bill to improve the Co-operative Observer Program of the Na-tional Weather Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 2961 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2961, a bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.021 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4514 June 27, 2018 
CORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Ani-mal Welfare Act to prohibit animal fighting in the United States terri-tories. 
S. 3014 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3014, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to support rural residency training fund-ing that is equitable for all States, and for other purposes. 
S. 3038 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3038, a bill to assist in the conservation of the North Atlantic right whale by supporting and pro-viding financial resources for North At-lantic right whale conservation pro-grams and projects of persons with ex-pertise required for the conservation of North Atlantic right whales. 
S. 3040 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3040, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with respect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 3046 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3046, a bill to allow the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into self-deter-mination contracts with Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations to carry out supplemental nutrition assistance pro-grams. 
S. 3051 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3051, a bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to estab-lish a working group to study regu-latory and legislative improvements for the livestock, insect, and agricul-tural commodities transport indus-tries, and for other purposes. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3057, a bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the pro-vision of advance electronic informa-tion on international mail shipments of mail. 
S. 3067 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3067, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to permit nurse practitioners and physician as-sistants to satisfy the documentation requirement under the Medicare pro-gram for coverage of certain shoes for individuals with diabetes. S. 3080 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3080, a bill to reauthorize certain ag-ricultural programs through 2023, and for other purposes. 
S. 3090 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3090, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to clarify that a State may not use an individual’s failure to vote as the basis for initiating the procedures provided under such Act for the removal of the individual from the official list of reg-istered voters in the State on the grounds that the individual has changed residence, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3122 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3122, a bill to support coding edu-cation. 
S. RES. 432 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 432, a resolution congratu-lating the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania on the 100th an-niversary of their declarations of inde-pendence. 
S. RES. 508 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 508, a resolution supporting the goals of Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome International Awareness Day. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3070 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3070 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3074 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) and the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3074 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3075 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. WARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3075 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3076 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3076 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3083 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3083 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3091 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3091 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3097 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3097 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3102 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Okla-homa (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3102 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3103 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3103 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.023 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4515 June 27, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 3116 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3116 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3127 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3127 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of ag-ricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3129 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3129 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3134 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3134 pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3138 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) and the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3138 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3143 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3143 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3146 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3146 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3147 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. SMITH) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3147 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3161 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3161 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of ag-ricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3162 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3162 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3163 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3163 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3169 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3169 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3171 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3171 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3179 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3179 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3180 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. FISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3180 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of ag-ricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3181 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
EN-
NET) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cospon-sors of amendment No. 3181 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of ag-ricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3209 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3209 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3215 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3215 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3216 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3216 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3218 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3218 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3219 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3219 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CARPER: S. 3146. A bill to amend the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 to allow the District of Columbia to receive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.025 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4516 June 27, 2018 
Federal funding under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, today I am introducing legislation to allow the District of Columbia to receive funding and other benefits under the Coastal Zone Management Act. I am pleased to offer this companion legislation to a bill, H.R. 2540, introduced by the Con-gresswoman from the District of Co-lumbia, E
LEANOR HOLMES NORTON . Few of us realize that 70 percent of the District is located within the coastal plain. Similar to my State of Delaware, sea level rise, upstream sources of water and degraded infra-structure mean that the District could experience serious future cleanup and repair costs due to flooding—including damage to federal property, which makes up almost 30 percent of the Dis-trict. Since 1950, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) reports there has been a 343 percent increase in nuisance flooding in the District. And, since 2006, DC has experienced two 100-year flooding events, and District officials estimate that a future 100-year flood event could cause over $1.2 billion in damages. Needless to say, these events will be-come more and more common due to climate change and sea level rise. The District of Columbia would use funding from the Coastal Zone Manage-ment Program for flood risk planning and environmental restoration to pre-vent and mitigate future flood damage. At the same time, this work would help to restore and conserve the District’s coastal resources such as habitat, fish-eries, and endangered species. If included in the Coastal Zone Man-agement Program, the District of Co-lumbia would be eligible for $1 million or more of federal funding annually to assist in coastal flood-control projects, to combat non-point source water pol-lution, and to develop special area management plans in areas experi-encing environmental justice and/or flooding issues. The National Coastal Zone Manage-ment Program, housed in NOAA, was established through the passage of the Federal Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972. At the time, Congress recog-nized the need to manage the effects of increased growth in the nation’s coast-al zone, which includes jurisdictions bordering the oceans and the Great Lakes. There are currently 34 jurisdictional coastal zone management programs, including both states and territories. In order for the District of Columbia to participate in the program, Congress must pass this amendment to the Coastal Zone Management Act that would include the District under the definition of a ‘‘coastal State.’’ Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
S. 3146 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Flood Pre-vention Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIGIBILITY OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR FEDERAL FUNDING UNDER THE COASTAL ZONE MANAGEMENT ACT OF 1972. 
Section 304(4) of the Coastal Zone Manage-ment Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1453(4)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘the District of Columbia,’’ after ‘‘the term also includes’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 557—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE STRA-TEGIC IMPORTANCE OF NATO TO THE COLLECTIVE SECURITY OF THE TRANSATLANTIC REGION AND URGING ITS MEMBER STATES TO WORK TOGETHER AT THE UPCOMING SUMMIT TO STRENGTHEN THE ALLIANCE Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 557 Whereas the North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation (referred to in this Resolution as ‘‘NATO’’) will hold its next Summit meeting July 11-12, 2018, in Brussels, Belgium; Whereas the security of the United States remains inextricably linked to the security of Europe and NATO’s founding purpose re-mains as valid today as it has been since NATO was created; Whereas our NATO allies have contributed significantly to military operations led by the United States around the world, and ac-tively contribute to current Alliance mis-sions, including the reinforcement of NATO’s eastern flank by leading 3 of the 4 battlegroups of NATO’s Enhanced Forward Presence; Whereas while an increasing number of NATO member states are fulfilling their pledges at the 2014 NATO summit in Wales to allocate 2 percent of their gross domestic product towards defense spending, all NATO member states should be urged to meet the 2 percent target and to allocate 20 percent of their annual defense spending on major new equipment, including related research and development, in order to more fairly share the burden of transatlantic defense; Whereas United States force deployments to Europe as part of the European Deter-rence Initiative, and the corresponding measures by NATO member states in the En-hanced Forward Presence, are contributing to enhanced security on NATO’s eastern flank; Whereas the Russian Federation’s aggres-sion towards its neighbors, its breach of international norms, and its noncompliance with its arms control commitments have se-verely impacted European security and will continue to pose a security threat for the foreseeable future; Whereas administrative and logistical ob-stacles to the mobility of military assets across Europe, and the potential mismatch between the speed of NATO-level decision making and the speed of a crisis, have been shown to constitute potential challenges to the successful defense of NATO’s territorial integrity; Whereas the cyber domain is a crucial as-pect of NATO operations and a key tool at potential adversaries’ disposal; Whereas NATO member states collectively face a continued and persistent threat from terrorism and our NATO allies are making significant commitments in keeping ter-rorist networks from interfering in any NATO territory; Whereas NATO member states— (1) have collectively identified corruption and poor governance, including within mem-ber states, as ‘‘security challenges which un-dermine democracy, the rule of law, and eco-nomic development’’; and (2) in recognition of this challenge, adopt-ed a Building Integrity Policy, which is in-tended to support transparent and account-able defense institutions under democratic control; Whereas NATO’s enlargement has deliv-ered enhanced security and stability to all NATO member states, including Montenegro (the newest NATO member), while remaining incomplete and underlining the need for NATO’s Open Door Policy to remain in effect for all aspiring countries and for invitations to join NATO to be issued as soon as an aspi-rant country has met the conditions for membership; Whereas the first of 10 Principles Guiding Relations between participating States con-tained in the Final Act of the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe, done at Helsinki August 1, 1975 (commonly known as the ‘‘Helsinki Final Act’’) recognizes the right to be or not to be a party to treaties of alliance as a right inherent in sovereignty to be respected on an equal basis among the sig-natory states; Whereas the commitment made by NATO in the Founding Act on Mutual Relations, Cooperation and Security Between NATO and the Russian Federation, done at Paris May 27, 1997 (commonly known as the ‘‘NATO-Russia Founding Act’’) to ‘‘carry out its collective defence and other missions by ensuring the necessary interoperability, in-tegration, and capability for reinforcement rather than by additional permanent sta-tioning of substantial combat forces’’ was predicated on ‘‘the current and foreseeable security environment’’ that existed in 1997, which has been fundamentally altered by the aggression directed by the leaders of the Russian Federation: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms the enduring commitment of the United States to NATO’s collective de-fense, enshrined in Article 5 of the North At-lantic Treaty, done at Washington April 4, 1949 (commonly known as the ‘‘Washington Treaty’’); (2) emphasizes the need for all NATO mem-ber states to be prepared to meet their re-spective obligations under Article 5 of the Washington Treaty; (3) pledges its support for all appropriate measures collectively taken to deter and de-fend against, if necessary, Russian aggres-sion against the territory of any NATO member state, including the explicit aim of the leaders of the Russian Federation to fracture the unity between NATO member states; (4) emphasizes its commitment to a North Atlantic alliance based on shared values, in-cluding the rule of law, to prevent internal forces from eroding NATO’s foundation; (5) encourages all NATO member states to clearly commit to further enlargement of the alliance, including extending invitations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.028 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4517 June 27, 2018 
to any aspirant country which has met the conditions required to join NATO; and (6) urges leaders who will be meeting at the 2018 NATO summit in Brussels, Belgium to ensure that NATO— (A) meets urgent security threats; (B) continues to transform to counter emerging and evolving challenges, including hybrid warfare, terrorism, cyberattacks, and renewed challenges to sea lines of commu-nication between North America and Europe; and (C) adopts a rapid reinforcement plan that— (i) expedites political decision making; (ii) reinvigorates the NATO command structure; (iii) streamlines the capacity to mobilize forces across national borders; and (iv) improves joint readiness goals. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3224. Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. SA 3225. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3226. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. T
OOMEY , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3227. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3228. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3229. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3230. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3231. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. E NZI, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3232. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3233. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3234. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3235. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3236. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3237. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3238. Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3239. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3240. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3241. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3242. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3243. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ORKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3244. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3245. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3246. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3247. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3248. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3249. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms . S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3250. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms . S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3251. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms . S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3252. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms . S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3253. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms . S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3254. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms . S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3255. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3256. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms . S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3257. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3258. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3259. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3260. Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, and Mr. B OOZMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3261. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, and Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3262. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3263. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3264. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. J ONES , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. E
NZI, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. T OOMEY , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3265. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.037 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4518 June 27, 2018 
to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3266. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3267. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3268. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3269. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. M ORAN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3270. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3271. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mr. J ONES ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3272. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3273. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3274. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. B
URR) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3275. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3276. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3277. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3278. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. M ANCHIN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3279. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3280. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3281. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3282. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3283. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. GARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3284. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3285. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3286. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. L
EE, and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3287. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3288. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3289. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3290. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. M CCAIN, and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3291. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3292. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3293. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3294. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. E NZI) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3295. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. U
DALL , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3296. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3297. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3298. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3299. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3300. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3301. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. LEE, and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3302. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3303. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3304. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3305. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3306. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3307. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3308. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3309. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3310. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH  (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. U DALL )) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. Durbin to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3311. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Mr. Durbin to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3312. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3313. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3314. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3315. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3316. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.039 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4519 June 27, 2018 
SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3317. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3318. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3319. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3320. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3321. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3322. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3323. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3324. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH (for herself, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B URR, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. S HELBY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. G
RAHAM , and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3325. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3326. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3327. Mrs. HYDE-SMITH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3328. Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3329. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3330. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3331. Mr. ENZI submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms . S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3332. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. B
URR) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3333. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3334. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3335. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3336. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3337. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3338. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3339. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3340. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3341. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. B
ARRASSO , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3342. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3343. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for him- self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3344. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3345. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OB-
ERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3224. Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) proposed an amend-ment to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definition of Secretary. TITLE I—COMMODITIES Subtitle A—Commodity Policy Sec. 1101. Payment acres. Sec. 1102. Producer election. Sec. 1103. Price loss coverage. Sec. 1104. Agriculture risk coverage. Sec. 1105. Repeal of transition assistance for producers of upland cotton. Subtitle B—Marketing Loans Sec. 1201. Extensions. Sec. 1202. Repeal; unshorn pelts. Sec. 1203. Economic adjustment assistance for upland cotton users. Subtitle C—Sugar Sec. 1301. Sugar program. Subtitle D—Dairy PART I—D
AIRY RISKCOVERAGE  Sec. 1401. Dairy risk coverage. PART II—R
EAUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER  D
AIRY-RELATED PROVISIONS  Sec. 1411. Reauthorizations. Sec. 1412. Class I skim milk price. Sec. 1413. Milk donation program. Subtitle E—Supplemental Agricultural Disaster Assistance Sec. 1501. Supplemental agricultural dis-aster assistance. Subtitle F—Noninsured Crop Assistance Sec. 1601. Noninsured crop assistance pro-gram. Subtitle G—Administration Sec. 1701. Regulations. Sec. 1702. Suspension of permanent price support authority. Sec. 1703. Implementation. Sec. 1704. Definition of significant contribu-tion of active personal manage-ment. Sec. 1705. Actively engaged in farming re-quirement. Sec. 1706. Adjusted gross income limitation. Sec. 1707. Base acres review. Sec. 1708. Farm Service Agency account-ability. Sec. 1709. Technical corrections. Sec. 1710. Use of Commodity Credit Corpora-tion. TITLE II—CONSERVATION Subtitle A—Conservation Reserve Program Sec. 2101. Extension and enrollment require-ments of conservation reserve program. Sec. 2102. Farmable wetland program. Sec. 2103. Duties of the Secretary. Sec. 2104. Payments. Sec. 2105. Conservation reserve enhance-ment program. Sec. 2106. Contracts. Sec. 2107. Conservation reserve easements. Sec. 2108. Eligible land; State law require-ments. Subtitle B—Conservation Stewardship Program Sec. 2201. Definitions. Sec. 2202. Establishment. Sec. 2203. Stewardship contracts. Sec. 2204. Duties of Secretary. Subtitle C—Environmental Quality Incentives Program Sec. 2301. Purposes. Sec. 2302. Definitions. Sec. 2303. Establishment and administra-tion. Sec. 2304. Evaluation of applications. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.042 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4520 June 27, 2018 
Sec. 2305. Duties of the Secretary. Sec. 2306. Environmental quality incentives program plan. Sec. 2307. Limitation on payments. Sec. 2308. Conservation innovation grants and payments. Sec. 2309. Soil health demonstration pilot project. Subtitle D—Other Conservation Programs Sec. 2401. Wetland conservation. Sec. 2402. Conservation security program. Sec. 2403. Conservation of private grazing land. Sec. 2404. Soil health and income protection program. Sec. 2405. Grassroots source water protec-tion program. Sec. 2406. Soil testing and remediation as-sistance. Sec. 2407. Voluntary public access and habi-tat incentive program. Sec. 2408. Agriculture conservation experi-enced services program. Sec. 2409. Remote telemetry data system. Sec. 2410. Agricultural conservation ease-ment program. Sec. 2411. Regional conservation partnership program. Sec. 2412. Wetland conversion. Sec. 2413. Delineation of wetlands. Sec. 2414. Emergency conservation program. Sec. 2415. Watershed protection and flood prevention. Sec. 2416. Small watershed rehabilitation program. Sec. 2417. Repeal of Conservation Corridor Demonstration Program. Sec. 2418. Repeal of cranberry acreage re-serve program. Sec. 2419. Repeal of National Natural Re-sources Foundation. Sec. 2420. Repeal of flood risk reduction. Sec. 2421. Repeal of study of land use for ex-piring contracts and extension of authority. Sec. 2422. Repeal of Integrated Farm Man-agement Program Option. Sec. 2423. Repeal of clarification of defini-tion of agricultural lands. Sec. 2424. Resource conservation and devel-opment program. Sec. 2425. Wildlife management. Sec. 2426. Healthy forests reserve program. Sec. 2427. Watershed protection. Sec. 2428. Sense of Congress relating to in-creased watershed-based col-laboration. Sec. 2429. Modifications to conservation easement program. Subtitle E—Funding and Administration Sec. 2501. Funding. Sec. 2502. Delivery of technical assistance. Sec. 2503. Administrative requirements for conservation programs. Sec. 2504. Definition of acequia. Sec. 2505. Authorization of appropriations for water bank program. Sec. 2506. Report on land access, tenure, and transition. Sec. 2507. Report on small wetlands. Sec. 2508. State technical committees. Subtitle F—Technical Corrections Sec. 2601. Farmable wetland program. Sec. 2602. Report on program enrollments and assistance. Sec. 2603. Delivery of technical assistance. Sec. 2604. State technical committees. TITLE III—TRADE Subtitle A—Food for Peace Act Sec. 3101. Food aid quality. Sec. 3102. Generation and use of currencies by private voluntary organiza-tions and cooperatives. Sec. 3103. Minimum levels of assistance. Sec. 3104. Food Aid Consultative Group. Sec. 3105. Oversight, monitoring, and eval-uation. Sec. 3106. Assistance for stockpiling and rapid transportation, delivery, and distribution of shelf-stable prepackaged foods. Sec. 3107. Allowance of distribution costs. Sec. 3108. Prepositioning of agricultural commodities. Sec. 3109. Annual report regarding food aid programs and activities. Sec. 3110. Deadline for agreements to fi-nance sales or to provide other assistance. Sec. 3111. Nonemergency food assistance. Sec. 3112. Micronutrient fortification pro-grams. Sec. 3113. John Ogonowski and Doug Bereu-ter Farmer-to-Farmer Pro-gram. Subtitle B—Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 Sec. 3201. Priority trade promotion, develop-ment, and assistance. Subtitle C—Other Agricultural Trade Laws Sec. 3301. Food for Progress Act of 1985. Sec. 3302. Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust Act. Sec. 3303. Promotion of agricultural exports to emerging markets. Sec. 3304. Cochran emerging market fellow-ship program. Sec. 3305. Borlaug International Agricul-tural Science and Technology Fellowship Program. Sec. 3306. International food security tech-nical assistance. Sec. 3307. McGovern-Dole International Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program. Sec. 3308. Global Crop Diversity Trust. Sec. 3309. Local and regional food aid pro-curement projects. Sec. 3310. Foreign trade missions. 
TITLE IV—NUTRITION Subtitle A—Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Sec. 4101. Definition of certification period. Sec. 4102. Food distribution program on In-dian reservations. Sec. 4103. Work requirements for supple-mental nutrition assistance program. Sec. 4104. Improvements to electronic ben-efit transfer system. Sec. 4105. Retail incentives. Sec. 4106. Required action on data match in-formation. Sec. 4107. Income verification. Sec. 4108. Pilot projects to improve healthy dietary patterns related to fluid milk in the supplemental nutri-tion assistance program. Sec. 4109. Interstate data matching to pre-vent multiple issuances. Sec. 4110. Quality control. Sec. 4111. Requirement of live-production environments for certain pilot projects relating to cost shar-ing for computerization. Sec. 4112. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 4113. Assistance for community food projects. Sec. 4114. Nutrition education State plans. Sec. 4115. Emergency food assistance pro-gram. Sec. 4116. Technical and conforming amend-ments. Subtitle B—Commodity Distribution Programs Sec. 4201. Commodity distribution program. Sec. 4202. Commodity supplemental food program. Sec. 4203. Distribution of surplus commod-ities; special nutrition projects. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Sec. 4301. Purchase of specialty crops. Sec. 4302. Seniors farmers’ market nutrition program. Sec. 4303. The Gus Schumacher food insecu-rity nutrition incentive. Sec. 4304. Harvesting health pilot projects. TITLE V—CREDIT Subtitle A—Farm Ownership Loans Sec. 5101. Modification of the 3-year experi-ence requirement for purposes of eligibility for farm owner-ship loans. Sec. 5102. Conservation loan and loan guar-antee program. Sec. 5103. Limitations on amount of farm ownership loans. Subtitle B—Operating Loans Sec. 5201. Limitations on amount of oper-ating loans. Sec. 5202. Cooperative lending pilot projects. Subtitle C—Administrative Provisions Sec. 5301. Beginning farmer and rancher in-dividual development accounts pilot program. Sec. 5302. Loan authorization levels. Sec. 5303. Loan fund set-asides. Sec. 5304. Equitable relief. Sec. 5305. Socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; qualified begin-ning farmers and ranchers. Sec. 5306. Emergency loan eligibility. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Sec. 5401. State agricultural mediation pro-grams. Sec. 5402. Socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Sec. 5403. Sharing of privileged and con-fidential information. Sec. 5404. Removal and prohibition author-ity; industry-wide prohibition. Sec. 5405. Jurisdiction over institution-af-filiated parties. Sec. 5406. Definition of institution-affiliated party. Sec. 5407. Repeal of obsolete provisions; technical corrections. Sec. 5408. Corporation as conservator or re-ceiver; certain other powers. Sec. 5409. Reporting. Sec. 5410. Sense of the Senate. TITLE VI—RURAL DEVELOPMENT Subtitle A—Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act Sec. 6101. Water, waste disposal, and waste-water facility grants. Sec. 6102. Rural water and wastewater tech-nical assistance and training programs. Sec. 6103. Rural water and wastewater cir-cuit rider program. Sec. 6104. Tribal college and university es-sential community facilities. Sec. 6105. Community facilities direct loans and grants for substance use disorder treatment services. Sec. 6106. Emergency and imminent commu-nity water assistance grant pro-gram. Sec. 6107. Water systems for rural and na-tive villages in Alaska. Sec. 6108. Rural decentralized water sys-tems. Sec. 6109. Solid waste management grants. Sec. 6110. Rural business development grants. Sec. 6111. Rural cooperative development grants. Sec. 6112. Locally or regionally produced ag-ricultural food products. 
Sec. 6113. Appropriate technology transfer for rural areas program. Sec. 6114. Rural economic area partnership zones. Sec. 6115. Intemediary relending program. Sec. 6116. Single application for broadband. Sec. 6117. Loan guarantee loan fees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4521 June 27, 2018 
Sec. 6118. Rural Business-Cooperative Serv-ice programs technical assist-ance and training. Sec. 6119. National rural development part-nership. Sec. 6120. Grants for NOAA weather radio transmitters. Sec. 6121. Rural microentrepreneur assist-ance program. Sec. 6122. Health care services. Sec. 6123. Strategic economic and commu-nity development. Sec. 6124. Delta Regional Authority. Sec. 6125. Rural business investment pro-gram. Subtitle B—Rural Electrification Act of 1936 Sec. 6201. Electric loan refinancing. Sec. 6202. Technical assistance for rural electrification loans. Sec. 6203. Loans for telephone service. Sec. 6204. Cushion of credit payments pro-gram. Sec. 6205. Guarantees for bonds and notes issued for electrification or telephone purposes. Sec. 6206. Access to broadband telecommuni-cations services in rural areas. Sec. 6207. Community Connect Grant Pro-gram. Sec. 6208. Transparency in the Tele-communications Infrastructure Loan Program. Sec. 6209. Refinancing of broadband and tele-phone loans. Sec. 6210. Cybersecurity and grid security improvements. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Sec. 6301. Distance learning and telemedi-cine. Sec. 6302. Rural energy savings program. Sec. 6303. Rural health and safety education programs. Sec. 6304. Northern Border Regional Com-mission reauthorization. TITLE VII—RESEARCH, EXTENSION, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 Sec. 7101. Purposes of agricultural research, extension, and education. Sec. 7102. Matters relating to certain school designations and declarations. Sec. 7103. National Agricultural Research, Extension, Education, and Eco-nomics Advisory Board. Sec. 7104. Citrus disease subcommittee of specialty crop committee. Sec. 7105. Veterinary services grant pro-gram. Sec. 7106. Grants and fellowships for food and agriculture sciences edu-cation. Sec. 7107. Research equipment grants. Sec. 7108. Agricultural and food policy re-search centers. Sec. 7109. Education grants to Alaska Native serving institutions and Native Hawaiian serving institutions. Sec. 7110. Next generation agriculture tech-nology challenge. Sec. 7111. Nutrition education program. Sec. 7112. Authorization for appropriations for Federal agricultural re-search facilities. Sec. 7113. Continuing animal health and dis-ease research programs. Sec. 7114. Extension at 1890 land-grant col-leges, including Tuskegee Uni-versity; report. Sec. 7115. Report on agricultural research at 1890 land-grant colleges, includ-ing Tuskegee University. Sec. 7116. Grants to upgrade agricultural and food sciences facilities at 1890 land-grant colleges, includ-ing Tuskegee University. Sec. 7117. Grants to upgrade agriculture and food sciences facilities and equipment at insular area land- grant institutions. Sec. 7118. New Beginning for Tribal Stu-dents. Sec. 7119. Hispanic-serving institutions. Sec. 7120. Binational agricultural research and development. Sec. 7121. Partnerships to build capacity in international agricultural re-search, extension, and teaching. Sec. 7122. Competitive grants for inter-national agricultural science and education programs. Sec. 7123. University research. Sec. 7124. Extension service. Sec. 7125. Supplemental and alternative crops; hemp. Sec. 7126. New Era Rural Technology pro-gram. Sec. 7127. Capacity building grants for NLGCA institutions. Sec. 7128. Agriculture Advanced Research and Development Authority pilot. Sec. 7129. Aquaculture assistance programs. Sec. 7130. Repeal of rangeland research pro-grams. Sec. 7131. Special authorization for biosecu-rity planning and response. Sec. 7132. Distance education and resident instruction grants program for insular area institutions of higher education. Sec. 7133. Limitation on designation of enti-ties eligible to receive funds under a capacity program. Sec. 7134. Scholarship program for students attending 1890 Institutions. Subtitle B—Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 Sec. 7201. Best utilization of biological ap-plications. 
Sec. 7202. Integrated management systems. Sec. 7203. Sustainable agriculture tech-nology development and trans-fer program. Sec. 7204. National training program. Sec. 7205. National strategic germplasm and cultivar collection assessment and utilization plan. Sec. 7206. National Genetics Resources Pro-gram. Sec. 7207. National Agricultural Weather In-formation System. Sec. 7208. Agricultural genome to phenome initiative. Sec. 7209. High-priority research and exten-sion initiatives. Sec. 7210. Organic agriculture research and extension initiative. Sec. 7211. Farm business management. Sec. 7212. Urban, indoor, and other emerging agricultural production re-search, education, and exten-sion initiative. Sec. 7213. Centers of excellence at 1890 Insti-tutions. Sec. 7214. Assistive technology program for farmers with disabilities. Sec. 7215. National Rural Information Cen-ter Clearinghouse. Subtitle C—Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 Sec. 7301. National food safety training, edu-cation, extension, outreach, and technical assistance pro-gram. Sec. 7302. Integrated research, education, and extension competitive grants program. Sec. 7303. Support for research regarding diseases of wheat, triticale, and barley caused by Fusarium graminearum or by Tilletia indica. Sec. 7304. Grants for youth organizations. Sec. 7305. Specialty crop research initiative. Sec. 7306. Food Animal Residue Avoidance Database program. Sec. 7307. Office of Pest Management Policy. Sec. 7308. Forestry products advanced utili-zation research. Subtitle D—Other Laws Sec. 7401. Critical Agricultural Materials Act. Sec. 7402. Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994. Sec. 7403. Research Facilities Act. Sec. 7404. Agricultural and food research ini-tiative. Sec. 7405. Extension design and demonstra-tion initiative. Sec. 7406. Renewable Resources Extension Act of 1978. Sec. 7407. National Aquaculture Act of 1980. Sec. 7408. Repeal of review of Agricultural Research Service. Sec. 7409. Biomass research and develop-ment. Sec. 7410. Reinstatement of matching re-quirement for Federal funds used in extension work at the University of the District of Co-lumbia. Sec. 7411. Enhanced use lease authority pilot program. Sec. 7412. Transfer of administrative juris-diction over portion of Henry A. Wallace Beltsville Agricultural Research Center, Beltsville, Maryland. Sec. 7413. Foundation for food and agri-culture research. Sec. 7414. Assistance for forestry research under the McIntire-Stennis Co-operative Forestry Act. Sec. 7415. Legitimacy of industrial hemp re-search. Sec. 7416. Collection of data relating to bar-ley area planted and harvested. Sec. 7417. Collection of data relating to the size and location of dairy farms. Sec. 7418. Agriculture innovation center demonstration program. Sec. 7419. Smith-Lever community exten-sion program. Subtitle E—Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 PART I—A
GRICULTURAL SECURITY  Sec. 7501. Agricultural biosecurity commu-nication center. Sec. 7502. Assistance to build local capacity in agricultural biosecurity planning, preparation, and re-sponse. Sec. 7503. Research and development of agri-cultural countermeasures. Sec. 7504. Agricultural biosecurity grant program. PART II—M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS  Sec. 7511. Farm and Ranch Stress Assistance Network. Sec. 7512. Natural products research pro-gram. Sec. 7513. Sun grant program. Sec. 7514. Mechanization and automation for specialty crops. Subtitle F—Matching Funds Requirement Sec. 7601. Matching funds requirement. TITLE VIII—FORESTRY Subtitle A—Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 Sec. 8101. State and private forest land-scape-scale restoration pro-gram. Subtitle B—Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Research Act of 1978 Sec. 8201. Repeal of recycling research. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4522 June 27, 2018 
Sec. 8202. Repeal of forestry student grant program. Subtitle C—Global Climate Change Prevention Act of 1990 Sec. 8301. Repeals. Subtitle D—Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 Sec. 8401. Promoting cross-boundary wild-fire mitigation. Sec. 8402. Authorization of appropriations for hazardous fuel reduction on Federal land. Sec. 8403. Repeal of biomass commercial uti-lization grant program. Sec. 8404. Water Source Protection Program. Sec. 8405. Watershed Condition Framework. Sec. 8406. Authorization of appropriations to combat insect infestations and related diseases. Sec. 8407. Healthy Forests Reserve Program reauthorization. Sec. 8408. Authorization of appropriations for designation of treatment areas. Sec. 8409. Administrative review of collabo-rative restoration projects. Subtitle E—Repeal or Reauthorization of Miscellaneous Forestry Programs Sec. 8501. Repeal of revision of strategic plan for forest inventory and analysis. Sec. 8502. Semiarid agroforestry research center. Sec. 8503. National Forest Foundation Act. Sec. 8504. Conveyance of Forest Service ad-ministrative sites. Subtitle F—Forest Management Sec. 8601. Definitions. PART I—E
XPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL ANAL-
YSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EX-
CLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGE -
MENT ACTIVITIES  Sec. 8611. Categorical exclusion for greater sage-grouse and mule deer habi-tat. PART II—M
ISCELLANEOUS FOREST  M
ANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES  Sec. 8621. Additional authority for sale or exchange of small parcels of National Forest System land. Sec. 8622. Forest Service participation in ACES program. Sec. 8623. Authorization for lease of Forest Service sites. Sec. 8624. Good neighbor authority. Sec. 8625. Wildland-urban interface. Sec. 8626. Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forest land adjustment. Sec. 8627. Tennessee wilderness. Sec. 8628. Additions to Rough Mountain and Rich Hole Wildernesses. Sec. 8629. Kisatchie National Forest land conveyance. Sec. 8630. Purchase of Natural Resources Conservation Service property, Riverside County, California. Sec. 8631. Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program. Sec. 8632. Utility infrastructure rights-of- way vegetation management pilot program. Sec. 8633. Okhissa Lake rural economic de-velopment land conveyance. Sec. 8634. Prairie dogs. PART III—T
IMBER INNOVATION  Sec. 8641. Definitions. Sec. 8642. Clarification of research and de-velopment program for wood building construction. Sec. 8643. Wood innovation grant program. TITLE IX—ENERGY Sec. 9101. Definitions. Sec. 9102. Biobased markets program. Sec. 9103. Biorefinery assistance. Sec. 9104. Repowering assistance program. Sec. 9105. Bioenergy program for advanced biofuel. Sec. 9106. Biodiesel fuel education program. Sec. 9107. Rural Energy for America Pro-gram. Sec. 9108. Rural energy self-sufficiency ini-tiative. Sec. 9109. Feedstock flexibility program for bioenergy producers. Sec. 9110. Biomass Crop Assistance Program. Sec. 9111. Biogas research and adoption of biogas systems. Sec. 9112. Community Wood Energy Pro-gram. Sec. 9113. Carbon utilization education pro-gram. TITLE X—HORTICULTURE Sec. 10101. Specialty crops market news al-location. Sec. 10102. Local Agriculture Market Pro-gram. Sec. 10103. Organic production and market data initiatives. Sec. 10104. Organic certification. Sec. 10105. National organic certification cost-share program. Sec. 10106. Food safety education initiatives. Sec. 10107. Specialty crop block grants. Sec. 10108. Plant variety protection. Sec. 10109. Multiple crop and pesticide use survey. Sec. 10110. Clarification of use of funds for technical assistance. Sec. 10111. Hemp production. Sec. 10112. Rule of construction. TITLE XI—CROP INSURANCE Sec. 11101. Definitions. Sec. 11102. Data collection. Sec. 11103. Sharing of records. Sec. 11104. Use of resources. Sec. 11105. Specialty crops. Sec. 11106. Insurance period. Sec. 11107. Cover crops. Sec. 11108. Underserved producers. Sec. 11109. Expansion of performance-based discount. Sec. 11110. Enterprise units. Sec. 11111. Pasture, rangeland, and forage policy for members of Indian tribes. Sec. 11112. Submission of policies and mate-rials to board. Sec. 11113. Whole farm revenue agent incen-tives. Sec. 11114. Crop production on native sod. Sec. 11115. Use of national agricultural sta-tistics service data to combat waste, fraud, and abuse. Sec. 11116. Submission of information to cor-poration. Sec. 11117. Acreage report streamlining ini-tiative. Sec. 11118. Continuing education for loss ad-justers and agents. Sec. 11119. Funding for information tech-nology. Sec. 11120. Agricultural commodity. Sec. 11121. Reimbursement of research, de-velopment, and maintenance costs. Sec. 11122. Research and development au-thority. Sec. 11123. Education assistance. Sec. 11124. Cropland report annual updates. TITLE XII—MISCELLANEOUS Subtitle A—Livestock Sec. 12101. Sheep production and marketing grant program. Sec. 12102. National animal health labora-tory network. Sec. 12103. National Animal Disease Pre-paredness, Response, and Re-covery Program; National Ani-mal Vaccine and Veterinary Countermeasures Bank. Sec. 12104. Study on livestock dealer statu-tory trust. Sec. 12105. Definition of livestock. Subtitle B—Agriculture and Food Defense Sec. 12201. Repeal of Office of Homeland Se-curity. Sec. 12202. Office of Homeland Security. Sec. 12203. Agriculture and food defense. Sec. 12204. Biological agents and toxins list. Sec. 12205. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle C—Historically Underserved Producers Sec. 12301. Farming opportunities training and outreach. Sec. 12302. Urban agriculture. Sec. 12303. Office of Advocacy and Outreach. Sec. 12304. Tribal Advisory Committee. Sec. 12305. Experienced services program. Sec. 12306. Youth outreach and beginning farmer coordination. Sec. 12307. Availability of Department of Ag-riculture programs for veteran farmers and ranchers. Subtitle D—Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 Amendments Sec. 12401. Office of Congressional Relations and Intergovernmental Affairs. Sec. 12402. Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison. Sec. 12403. Civil rights analyses. Sec. 12404. Farm Service Agency. Sec. 12405. Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Con-servation. Sec. 12406. Under Secretary of Agriculture for Rural Development. Sec. 12407. Administrator of the Rural Utili-ties Service. Sec. 12408. Rural Health Liaison. Sec. 12409. Healthy Food Financing Initia-tive. Sec. 12410. Natural Resources Conservation Service. Sec. 12411. Office of the Chief Scientist. Sec. 12412. Trade and foreign agricultural af-fairs. Sec. 12413. Repeals. Sec. 12414. Technical corrections. Sec. 12415. Effect of subtitle. Sec. 12416. Termination of authority. Subtitle E—Other Miscellaneous Provisions Sec. 12501. Acer access and development pro-gram. Sec. 12502. South Carolina inclusion in Vir-ginia/Carolina peanut pro-ducing region. Sec. 12503. Pet and Women Safety. Sec. 12504. Data on conservation practices. Sec. 12505. Marketing orders. Sec. 12506. Study on food waste. Sec. 12507. Report on business centers. Sec. 12508. Information technology mod-ernization. Sec. 12509. Report on personnel. Sec. 12510. Report on absent landlords. Sec. 12511. Restriction on use of certain poi-sons for predator control. Sec. 12512. Century farms program. Sec. 12513. Report on the importation of live dogs. Sec. 12514. Establishment of technical as-sistance program. Sec. 12515. Promise Zones. Sec. 12516. Precision agriculture connectivity. Sec. 12517. Improved soil moisture and pre-cipitation monitoring. Sec. 12518. Study of marketplace fraud of unique traditional foods. Sec. 12519. Dairy business innovation initia-tives. Subtitle F—General Provisions Sec. 12601. Expedited exportation of certain species. Sec. 12602. Baiting of migratory game birds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4523 June 27, 2018 
Sec. 12603. Pima agriculture cotton trust fund. Sec. 12604. Agriculture wool apparel manu-facturers trust fund. Sec. 12605. Wool research and promotion. Sec. 12606. Emergency Citrus Disease Re-search and Development Trust Fund. Sec. 12607. Extension of merchandise proc-essing fees. Sec. 12608. Conforming changes to Con-trolled Substances Act. Sec. 12609. National Flood Insurance Pro-gram reauthorization. Sec. 12610. Emergency assistance for live-stock, honey bees, and farm- raised fish. Sec. 12611. Administrative units. Sec. 12612. Drought and water conservation agreements. Sec. 12613. Encouragement of pollinator habitat development and pro-tection. Sec. 12614. Repair or replacement of fencing; cost share payments. Sec. 12615. Food donation standards. Sec. 12616. Micro-grants for food security. Sec. 12617. Use of additional Commodity Credit Corporation funds for di-rect operating microloans under certain conditions. Sec. 12618. Business and innovation services essential community facilities. Sec. 12619. Rural innovation stronger econ-omy grant program. Sec. 12620. Dryland farming agricultural sys-tems. Sec. 12621. Remote sensing technologies. Sec. 12622. Buy American requirements. Sec. 12623. Eligibility for operators on heirs property land to obtain a farm number. Sec. 12624. Loans to purchasers of land with undivided interest and no ad-ministrative authority. Sec. 12625. Farmland ownership data collec-tion. Sec. 12626. Rural business investment pro-gram. Sec. 12627. National Oilheat Research Alli-ance. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF SECRETARY. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. TITLE I—COMMODITIES Subtitle A—Commodity Policy 
SEC. 1101. PAYMENT ACRES. 
Section 1114(e) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9014(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) R
ECALCULATION OF BASE ACRES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary recal-culates base acres for a farm while a farm is engaged in planting and production of fruits, vegetables, or wild rice on base acres for which a reduction in payment acres was made under this subsection, that planting and production shall be considered to be the same as the planting and production of a covered commodity. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this para-graph provides authority for the Secretary to recalculate base acres for a farm.’’. 
SEC. 1102. PRODUCER ELECTION. 
Section 1115 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9015) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (g), for the 2014 through 2018 crop years’’ and inserting ‘‘For the 2014 through 2018 crop years (except as provided in subsection (g)) and for the 2019 through 2023 crop years’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or the 2019 crop year, as appli-cable’’ after ‘‘2014 crop year’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or the 2019 crop year, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘2014 crop year’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘elected price’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘elected, as applicable— ‘‘(A) price’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and insert-ing the following: ‘‘; and ‘‘(B) county coverage for all covered com-modities on the farm for the 2020 through 2023 crop years.’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(1), by inserting ‘‘for the 2018 crop year,’’ before ‘‘all of the pro-ducers’’. SEC. 1103. PRICE LOSS COVERAGE. 
Section 1116 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9016) is amended— (1) in subsections (a) and (d) by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The payment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The payment’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
NNOUNCEMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each applicable 12- month marketing year for each covered com-modity, the Secretary shall publish the pay-ment rate determined under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 1104. AGRICULTURE RISK COVERAGE. 
Section 1117 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(beginning with the 2019 crop year, based on the physical location of the farm)’’ after ‘‘payments’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or the 2019 through 2023 crop years, as applicable’’ after ‘‘2014 through 2018 crop years’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(6)’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(6)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘If’’ and inserting ‘‘Effec-tive for the 2019 through 2023 crop years, if’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘75 percent’’; (D) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) T
REND -ADJUSTED YIELD .—The Sec-retary shall calculate and use a trend-ad-justed yield factor to adjust the yield deter-mined under paragraph (2)(A) and subsection (b)(1)(A), taking into consideration, but not exceeding, the trend-adjusted yield factor that is used to increase yield history under the endorsement under the Federal Crop In-surance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) for that crop and county.’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (C) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The payment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The payment’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
NNOUNCEMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each applicable 12- month marketing year for each covered com-modity, the Secretary shall publish the pay-ment rate determined under paragraph (1) for each county.’’; (4) in subsection (e), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (5) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘effective for the 2014 through 2018 crop years,’’ before ‘‘in the case of’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) effective for the 2019 through 2023 crop years, in the case of county coverage— ‘‘(A) effective beginning with actual coun-ty yields for the 2019 crop year, assign an ac-tual county yield for each planted acre for the crop year for the covered commodity by giving priority to— ‘‘(i) the use of actual county yields in, to the maximum extent practicable, a single source of data that provides the greatest na-tional coverage of county-level data; ‘‘(ii) the use of a source of data that may be used to determine an average actual coun-ty yield under subsection (b)(1)(A) and an av-erage historical county yield under sub-section (c)(2)(A) for the same county; and ‘‘(iii) in the case of a county not included in any source of data described in clauses (i) and (ii), the use of— ‘‘(I) other sources of county yield informa-tion; or ‘‘(II) the yield history of representative farms in the State, region, or crop reporting district, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a farm that has a tract with base acres and that tract crosses a county boundary— ‘‘(i) prorate the base acres based on the quantity of cropland of the tract in each county; and ‘‘(ii) calculate any crop revenue on the basis described in clause (i).’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) P
UBLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OUNTY GUARANTEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each crop year for a covered commodity, the Secretary shall pub-lish information describing, for that crop year for the covered commodity in each county— ‘‘(i) the agriculture risk coverage guar-antee for county coverage determined under subsection (c)(1); ‘‘(ii) the average historical county yield determined under subsection (c)(2)(A); and ‘‘(iii) the national average market price determined under subsection (c)(2)(B). ‘‘(B) T
IMING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clauses (ii) and (iii), not later than 30 days after the end of each applicable 12-month marketing year, the Secretary shall publish the information described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) I
NSUFFICIENT DATA .—In the case of a covered commodity, such as temperate ja-ponica rice, for which the Secretary cannot determine the national average market price for the most recent 12-month marketing year by the date described in clause (i) due to in-sufficient reporting of timely pricing data by 1 or more nongovernmental entities, includ-ing a marketing cooperative for the covered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4524 June 27, 2018 
commodity, as soon as practicable after the pricing data is made available, the Secretary shall publish information describing— ‘‘(I) the agriculture risk coverage guar-antee under subparagraph (A)(i); and ‘‘(II) the national average market price under subparagraph (A)(iii). ‘‘(iii) T
RANSITION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall publish the information de-scribed in subparagraph (A) for the 2018 crop year. ‘‘(2) A
CTUAL AVERAGE COUNTY YIELD .—As soon as practicable after each crop year, the Secretary shall determine and publish each actual average county yield for each covered commodity, as determined under subsection (b)(1)(A). ‘‘(3) D
ATA SOURCES FOR COUNTY YIELDS .— For the 2018 crop year and each crop year thereafter, the Secretary shall make pub-licly available information describing, for the most recent crop year— ‘‘(A) the sources of data used to calculate county yields under subsection (c)(2)(A) for each covered commodity— ‘‘(i) by county; and ‘‘(ii) nationally; and ‘‘(B) the number and outcome of occur-rences in which the Farm Service Agency re-viewed, changed, or determined not to change a source of data used to calculate county yields under subsection (c)(2)(A).’’. 
SEC. 1105. REPEAL OF TRANSITION ASSISTANCE FOR PRODUCERS OF UPLAND COT-TON. 
Section 1119 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9019) is repealed. Subtitle B—Marketing Loans 
SEC. 1201. EXTENSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1201(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9031(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) L
OANRATES .—Section 1202(a) of the Ag-ricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9032(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) R
EPAYMENT .—Section 1204 of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9034) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (e)(2)(B), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2019’’and inserting ‘‘2024’’; and (2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (d) L
OANDEFICIENCY PAYMENTS .— (1) E
XTENSION .—Section 1205(a)(2)(B) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9035(a)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (2) P
AYMENTS IN LIEU OF LDPS .—Section 1206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9036) is amended in subsections (a) and (d) by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. (3) S
PECIAL COMPETITIVE PROVISIONS .—Sec- tion 1208(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9038(a)) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. (4) A
VAILABILITY OF RECOURSE LOANS .—Sec- tion 1209 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9039) is amended in subsections (a)(2) and (b) by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 1202. REPEAL; UNSHORN PELTS. 
Section 1205 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9035) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘U
NSHORN PELTS , HAY,’’ and inserting ‘‘H AY’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘non-graded wool in the form of unshorn pelts and’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B) (as amended by section 1201(d)(1)), by striking ‘‘unshorn pelts or’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). SEC. 1203. ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR UPLAND COTTON USERS. 
(a) 2008 A UTHORITY .—Section 1207 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8737) is amended by striking sub-section (c). (b) 2014 A
UTHORITY .—Section 1207(c) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9037(c)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) V
ALUE OF ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(A) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—During the period beginning on August 1, 2013, and ending on July 31, 2020, the value of the assistance pro-vided under paragraph (1) shall be 3 cents per pound. ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the first day after the end of the period described in subparagraph (A), and subject to the avail-ability of appropriations under clause (ii), the value of the assistance provided under paragraph (1) shall be 3 cents per pound. ‘‘(ii) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out clause (i).’’. Subtitle C—Sugar 
SEC. 1301. SUGAR PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 156 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7272) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (3) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) A
LLOTMENTS .— (1) E
STIMATES .—Section 359b(a)(1) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 (7 U.S.C. 1359bb(a)(1)) is amended in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—Section 359l(a) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 (7 U.S.C. 1359ll(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle D—Dairy PART I—DAIRY RISK COVERAGE 
SEC. 1401. DAIRY RISK COVERAGE. 
(a) D AIRY RISKCOVERAGE .—Part I of sub-title D of title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9051 et seq.) is amended in the part heading by striking ‘‘
MARGIN PROTECTION  
PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘ DAIRY RISK COV -
ERAGE ’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1401 of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9051) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (10) as paragraphs (5) through (11), respec-tively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) C
ATASTROPHIC COVERAGE .—The term ‘catastrophic coverage’ means coverage under section 1406(a)(2)(B).’’; (3) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘M
ARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘D
AIRY RISK COVERAGE ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘margin protection pro-gram’’ the first place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘the margin protection pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; (4) in paragraph (7) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘MARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘D
AIRY RISK COVERAGE ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘margin protection pro-gram’’ the first place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘the margin protection pro-gram pursuant to’’; and (5) in paragraphs (8) and (9) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘the margin protection program’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’. (c) C
ALCULATION OF ACTUAL DAIRY PRODUC -
TION MARGIN .—Section 1402(b)(1) of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9052(b)(1)) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by striking ‘‘the margin protection program’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk cov-erage’’. (d) D
AIRY RISK COVERAGE ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Section 1403 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9053) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 1403. DAIRY RISK COVERAGE ADMINISTRA-TION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning with the 2019 calendar year, the Secretary shall admin-ister dairy risk coverage under which par-ticipating dairy operations are paid a dairy risk coverage payment when actual dairy production margins are less than the thresh-old levels for a dairy risk coverage payment. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Subpart A of part 1430 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018), shall re-main in effect for dairy risk coverage begin-ning with the 2019 calendar year, except to the extent that the regulations are incon-sistent with any provision of this Act.’’. (e) P
ARTICIPATION OF DAIRY OPERATIONS IN  D
AIRY RISKCOVERAGE .—Section 1404 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9054) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
MARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘
DAIRY RISK COVERAGE ’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘the mar-gin’’ and all that follows through ‘‘pay-ments’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage to receive dairy risk coverage payments’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in each of paragraphs (1), (3), and (4), by striking ‘‘the margin protection program’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ATASTROPHIC COVERAGE .—A partici-pating dairy operation may elect to receive catastrophic coverage instead of paying a premium under section 1407.’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraphs (1)(A) and (3), by striking ‘‘the margin protection program’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk cov-erage’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘of the margin protection program’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘The administrative’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The administrative’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ATASTROPHIC COVERAGE .—In addition to the administrative fee under subpara-graph (A), a participating dairy operation that elects to receive catastrophic coverage shall pay an additional administrative fee of $100.’’; and (5) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘the mar-gin protection program’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’. (f) P
RODUCTION HISTORY OF PARTICIPATING  D
AIRY OPERATIONS .—Section 1405 of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9055) is amend-ed— (1) in subsections (a) and (c), by striking ‘‘the margin protection program’’ each place 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4525 June 27, 2018 
it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk cov-erage’’; and (2) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘In sub-sequent years’’ and inserting ‘‘During each of the 2014 through 2019 calendar years’’. (g) D
AIRY RISKCOVERAGE PAYMENTS .—Sec- tion 1406 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9056) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
MARGIN PROTECTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ DAIRY  
RISK COVERAGE ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; (3) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘to $4.00’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘$5.50’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘to— ‘‘(A) in the case of catastrophic coverage, $5.00; ‘‘(B) $5.50’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of production subject to premiums under section 1407(b), any amount described in subparagraph (B), $8.50, or $9.00; and’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘(2) a percentage’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) a percentage’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A) (as so des-ignated)— (I) by striking ‘‘beginning with 25 percent and not exceeding’’ and inserting ‘‘that does not exceed’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) in the case of catastrophic coverage, a coverage level of 40 percent of the production history of the participating dairy oper-ation.’’; and (4) in subsection (c), in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘M
ARGIN PROTECTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘D
AIRY RISKCOVERAGE ’’. (h) P
REMIUMS FOR DAIRY RISKCOVERAGE .— Section 1407 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9057) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
MARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘
DAIRY RISK COVERAGE ’’; (2) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the mar-gin protection program’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; (ii) by striking the rows relating to the $4.00, $4.50, and $5.00 coverage levels; (iii) by striking ‘‘$0.009’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.02’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘$0.016’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.04’’; (v) by striking ‘‘$0.040’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.07’’; (vi) by striking ‘‘$0.063’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.10’’; (vii) by striking ‘‘$0.087’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.12’’; (viii) by striking ‘‘$0.142’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.14’’; and (ix) by adding at the end of the table the following: ‘‘$8.50 $0.16 $9.00 $0.18’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); (4) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) by striking the rows relating to the $4.00, $4.50, and $5.00 coverage levels; (B) by striking ‘‘$0.100’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.144’’; (C) by striking ‘‘$0.155’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.24’’; (D) by striking ‘‘$0.290’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.42’’; (E) by striking ‘‘$0.830’’ and inserting ‘‘$1.08’’; (F) by striking ‘‘$1.060’’ and inserting ‘‘$1.32’’; and (G) by striking ‘‘$1.360’’ and inserting ‘‘$1.68’’; (5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the mar-gin protection program’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘A partici-pating dairy operation in the margin protec-tion program’’ and inserting ‘‘A dairy oper-ation participating in dairy risk coverage’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) SMALL AND MEDIUM FARM DISCOUNT .— The premium per hundredweight specified in the tables contained in subsections (b) and (c) for each coverage level shall be reduced by— ‘‘(1) 50 percent for a participating dairy op-eration with a production history that is less than 2,000,000 pounds; and ‘‘(2) 25 percent for a participating dairy op-eration with a production history that is not less than 2,000,000 pounds and not greater than 10,000,000 pounds. ‘‘(g) R
EPAYMENT OF PREMIUMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall repay each dairy operation that participated in the margin protection program, as in ef-fect for each of calendar years 2014 through 2017, an amount equal to the difference be-tween— ‘‘(A) the total amount of premiums paid by the participating dairy operation under this section for the applicable calendar year; and ‘‘(B) the total amount of payments made to the participating dairy operation under section 1406 for that calendar year. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall only apply to a calendar year for which the amount described in subparagraph (A) of that paragraph is greater than the amount described in subparagraph (B) of that para-graph.’’. (i) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO PAYADMINISTRA -
TIVE FEES OR PREMIUMS .—Section 1408 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9058) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk cov-erage’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the mar-gin protection program’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk coverage’’. (j) D
URATION .—Section 1409 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9059) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The margin protection pro-gram’’ and inserting ‘‘Dairy risk coverage’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (k) A
DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— Section 1410 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9060) is amended— (1) in subsections (a) and (c), by striking ‘‘the margin protection program’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘dairy risk cov-erage’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘margin protection’’ and inserting ‘‘dairy risk cov-erage’’. PART II—REAUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER DAIRY-RELATED PROVISIONS 
SEC. 1411. REAUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) F ORWARD PRICING .—Section 1502(e) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8772(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2026’’. (b) I
NDEMNITY PROGRAM .—Section 3 of Pub-lic Law 90–484 (7 U.S.C. 4553) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) PROMOTION AND RESEARCH .—Section 113(e)(2) of the Dairy Production Stabiliza-tion Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 4504(e)(2)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 1412. CLASS I SKIM MILK PRICE. 
(a) C LASS I S KIM MILK PRICE.—Section 8c(5)(A) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act (7 U.S.C. 608c(5)(A)), reenacted with amend-ments by the Agricultural Marketing Agree-ment Act of 1937, is amended by striking ‘‘Throughout’’ in the third sentence and all that follows through the period at the end of the fourth sentence and inserting ‘‘Through-out the 2-year period beginning on the effec-tive date of this sentence (and subsequent to such 2-year period unless modified by amend-ment to the order involved), for purposes of determining prices for milk of the highest use classification, the Class I skim milk price per hundredweight specified in section 1000.50(b) of title 7, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or successor regulations), shall be the sum of the adjusted Class I differential speci-fied in section 1000.52 of such title 7 (or suc-cessor regulations), plus the adjustment to Class I prices specified in sections 1005.51(b), 1006.51(b), and 1007.51(b) of such title 7 (or successor regulations), plus the simple aver-age of the advanced pricing factors computed in sections 1000.50(q)(1) and 1000.50(q)(2) of such title 7 (or successor regulations), plus $0.74.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND IMPLEMENTA -
TION.— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first month beginning more than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Implementation of the amendment made by subsection (a) shall not be subject to any of the following: (A) The notice and comment provisions of section 553 of title 5, United States Code. (B) The notice and hearing requirements of section 8c(3) of the Agricultural Adjustment Act (7 U.S.C. 608c(3)), reenacted with amend-ments by the Agricultural Marketing Agree-ment Act of 1937. (C) The order amendment requirements of section 8c(17) of that Act (7 U.S.C. 608c(17)). (D) A referendum under section 8c(19) of that Act (7 U.S.C. 608c(19)). 
SEC. 1413. MILK DONATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subtitle D of title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9071) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART III—MILK DONATION PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 1431. MILK DONATION PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE DAIRY ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘eligible dairy organization’ means a dairy farmer (either individually or as part of a cooperative), or a dairy processor, who— ‘‘(A) accounts to a Federal milk marketing order marketwide pool; and ‘‘(B) incurs qualified expenses under sub-section (e). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE DISTRIBUTOR .—The term ‘eli-gible distributor’ means a public or private nonprofit organization that distributes do-nated eligible milk. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE MILK .—The term ‘eligible milk’ means Class I fluid milk products pro-duced and processed in the United States. ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘eli-gible partnership’ means a partnership be-tween an eligible dairy organization and an eligible distributor. ‘‘(5) P
ARTICIPATING PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘participating partnership’ means an el-igible partnership for which the Secretary has approved a donation and distribution plan for eligible milk under subsection (c)(2). ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM REQUIRED ; PURPOSES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4526 June 27, 2018 
2018, the Secretary shall establish and ad-minister a milk donation program for the purposes of— ‘‘(1) encouraging the donation of eligible milk; ‘‘(2) providing nutrition assistance to indi-viduals in low-income groups; and ‘‘(3) reducing food waste. ‘‘(c) D
ONATION AND DISTRIBUTION PLANS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive reimbursement under subsection (d), an eli-gible partnership shall submit to the Sec-retary a donation and distribution plan that— ‘‘(A) describes the process that the eligible partnership will use for the donation, proc-essing, transportation, temporary storage, and distribution of eligible milk; ‘‘(B) includes an estimate of the quantity of eligible milk that the eligible partnership will donate each year, based on— ‘‘(i) preplanned donations; and ‘‘(ii) contingency plans to address unan-ticipated donations; and ‘‘(C) describes the rate at which the eligi-ble partnership will be reimbursed, which shall be based on a percentage of the limita-tion described in subsection (e)(2). ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .—Not less fre-quently than annually, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) review donation and distribution plans submitted under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) determine whether to approve or dis-approve each of those donation and distribu-tion plans. ‘‘(d) R
EIMBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On receipt of appropriate documentation under paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall reimburse an eligible dairy orga-nization that is a member of a participating partnership on a regular basis for qualified expenses described in subsection (e). ‘‘(2) D
OCUMENTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible dairy organi-zation shall submit to the Secretary such documentation as the Secretary may require to demonstrate the qualified expenses de-scribed in subsection (e) of the eligible dairy organization. ‘‘(B) V
ERIFICATION .—The Secretary may verify the accuracy of documentation sub-mitted under subparagraph (A) by spot checks and audits. ‘‘(3) R
ETROACTIVE REIMBURSEMENT .—In pro- viding reimbursements under paragraph (1), the Secretary may provide reimbursements for qualified expenses incurred before the date on which the donation and distribution plan for the applicable participating partner-ship was approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(e) Q
UALIFIED EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of a reim-bursement under subsection (d) shall be an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) the quantity of eligible milk donated by the eligible dairy organization under a do-nation and distribution plan approved by the Secretary under subsection (c); and ‘‘(B) subject to the limitation under para-graph (2), the rate described in that donation and distribution plan under subsection (c)(1)(C). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Expenses eligible for re-imbursement under subsection (d) shall not exceed the value that an eligible dairy orga-nization incurred by accounting to the Fed-eral milk marketing order pool at the dif-ference in the Class I milk value and the low-est classified price for the applicable month (either Class III milk or Class IV milk). ‘‘(f) P
REAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) establish a process for an eligible partnership to apply for preapproval of dona-tion and distribution plans under subsection (c); and ‘‘(B) not less frequently than annually, preapprove an amount for qualified expenses described in subsection (e) that the Sec-retary will allocate for reimbursement under each donation and distribution plan preapproved under subparagraph (A), based on an assessment of— ‘‘(i) the feasibility of the plan; and ‘‘(ii) the extent to which the plan advances the purposes described in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) PREFERENCE .—In preapproving amounts for reimbursement under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall give preference to eligible partnerships that will provide fund-ing and in-kind contributions in addition to the reimbursements. ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-just or increase amounts preapproved for re-imbursement under paragraph (1)(B) based on performance and demand. ‘‘(B) R
EQUESTS FOR INCREASE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a procedure for a participating part-nership to request an increase in the amount preapproved for reimbursement under para-graph (1)(B) based on changes in conditions. ‘‘(ii) I
NTERIM APPROVAL ; INCREMENTAL IN -
CREASE .—The Secretary may provide an in-terim approval of an increase requested under clause (i) and an incremental increase in the amount of reimbursement to the ap-plicable participating partnership to allow time for the Secretary to review the request without interfering with the donation and distribution of eligible milk by the partici-pating partnership. ‘‘(g) P
ROHIBITION ON RESALE OF PROD-
UCTS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible distributor that receives eligible milk donated under this section may not sell the products back into commercial markets. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON FUTURE PARTICIPA -
TION.—An eligible distributor that the Sec-retary determines has violated paragraph (1) shall not be eligible for any future participa-tion in the program established under this section. ‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall publicize opportunities to participate in the program established under this section. ‘‘(i) R
EVIEWS .—The Secretary shall conduct appropriate reviews or audits to ensure the integrity of the program established under this section. ‘‘(j) F
UNDING .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $8,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, and $5,000,000 for each fis-cal year thereafter, to remain available until expended.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1401 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9051) is amended, in the matter preceding para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘and part III’’. Subtitle E—Supplemental Agricultural Disaster Assistance 
SEC. 1501. SUPPLEMENTAL AGRICULTURAL DIS-ASTER ASSISTANCE. 
(a) M EMBERS OF INDIAN TRIBES .—Section 1501(a)(1)(B) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(a)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) as clauses (iv) and (v), respectively; and (2) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) an Indian tribe or tribal organization (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304));’’. (b) L
IVESTOCK INDEMNITY PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 1501(b) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘cold.’’ and inserting ‘‘cold, on the condition that in the case of the death loss of unweaned live-stock due to that adverse weather, the Sec-retary may disregard any management prac-tice, vaccination protocol, or lack of vac-cination by the eligible producer on a farm.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) SHARING OF BISON MARKET VALUE  
DATA .—To ensure that payments made under this subsection relating to bison are con-sistent with the market value of bison, the Secretary shall annually seek input and data from the bison industry (including bison pro-ducer groups) relating to the market value of bison.’’. (c) T
REE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 1501(e) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) P
AYMENT RATE FOR BEGINNING AND VET -
ERAN PRODUCERS .—Subject to paragraph (4), in the case of a beginning farmer or rancher or a veteran farmer or rancher (as those terms are defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)) that is eligible to receive assistance under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide reimbursement of 75 percent of the costs under subpara-graphs (A)(i) and (B) of paragraph (3).’’. Subtitle F—Noninsured Crop Assistance 
SEC. 1601. NONINSURED CROP ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Im-provement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) D
ATA COLLECTION AND SHARING .—The Secretary shall coordinate with the Adminis-trator of the Risk Management Agency on the type and format of data received under the noninsured crop disaster assistance pro-gram that— ‘‘(i) best facilitates the use of that data in developing policies or plans of insurance of-fered under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.); and ‘‘(ii) ensures the availability of that data on a regular basis. ‘‘(D) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate between the agencies of the De-partment that provide programs or services to farmers and ranchers that are potentially eligible for the noninsured crop disaster as-sistance program under this section— ‘‘(i) to make available coverage under— ‘‘(I) the fee waiver under subsection (k)(2); or ‘‘(II) the premium discount under sub-section (l)(3); and ‘‘(ii) to share eligibility information to re-duce paperwork and avoid duplication.’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(I) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014 .—As deter- mined by the Secretary, native sod acreage that has been tilled for the production of a covered crop during the period beginning on February 8, 2014, and ending on the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 shall be subject to 4 cumulative years of a reduction in benefits under this section as described in this subparagraph. ‘‘(II) S
UBSEQUENT YEARS .— ‘‘(aa) N
ON-HAY AND NON -FORAGE CROPS .— During the first 4 crop years of planting, as determined by the Secretary, native sod acreage that has been tilled for the produc-tion of a covered crop other than a hay or forage crop after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 shall be subject to 4 cumulative years of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4527 June 27, 2018 
reduction in benefits under this section as described in this subparagraph. ‘‘(bb) H
AY AND FORAGE CROPS .—During each crop year of planting, as determined by the Secretary, native sod acreage that has been tilled for the production of a hay or forage crop after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018 shall be subject to 4 cumulative years of a reduction in benefits under this section as described in this subparagraph.’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) N
ATIVE SOD CONVERSION CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(i) C
ERTIFICATION .—As a condition on the receipt of benefits under this section, a pro-ducer that has tilled native sod acreage for the production of an insurable crop as de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(i) shall certify to the Secretary that acreage using— ‘‘(I) an acreage report form of the Farm Service Agency (FSA–578 or any successor form); and ‘‘(II) 1 or more maps. ‘‘(ii) C
ORRECTIONS .—Beginning on the date on which a producer submits a certification under clause (i), as soon as practicable after the producer discovers a change in tilled na-tive sod acreage described in that clause, the producer shall submit to the Secretary any appropriate corrections to a form or map de-scribed in subclause (I) or (II) of that clause. ‘‘(iii) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than January 1, 2019, and each January 1 there-after through January 1, 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that de-scribes the tilled native sod acreage that has been certified under clause (i) in each county and State as of the date of submission of the report.’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (D) (as so redesig-nated)— (I) by striking ‘‘This paragraph’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), this paragraph’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
LECTION .—A governor of a State other than a State described in clause (i) may elect to have this paragraph apply to the State.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘not later than 30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘by an appro-priate deadline’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) S
TREAMLINED SUBMISSION PROCESS .— The Secretary shall establish a streamlined process for the submission of records and acreage reports under paragraphs (2) and (3) for— ‘‘(A) diverse production systems such as those typical of urban production systems, other small-scale production systems, and direct-to-consumer production systems; and ‘‘(B) additional coverage under subsection (l)— ‘‘(i) for maximum liabilities not greater than $100,000; and ‘‘(ii) that is equivalent to the process de-scribed in the regulations for microloan op-erating loans under parts 761 and 764 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018).’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively; (B) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(1) the producer’s share of the total acres devoted to the eligible crop; by’’; and (C) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘established yield for the crop’’ and inserting ‘‘approved yield for the crop, as de-termined by the Secretary’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘farm’’ and inserting ‘‘approved’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the second sentence— (I) by inserting ‘‘approved’’ before ‘‘yield’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Subject’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) CALCULATION .—Subject’’; and (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (B) (as so designated)— (I) by striking ‘‘yield coverage’’ and insert-ing ‘‘an approved yield’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘transi-tional yield of the producer’’ and inserting ‘‘county expected yield’’; (5) in subsection (i)(2), by striking ‘‘exceed $125,000’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘ex-ceed— ‘‘(A) in the case of catastrophic coverage under subsection (c), $125,000; and ‘‘(B) in the case of additional coverage under subsection (l), $300,000’’; (6) in subsection (k)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$250’’ and inserting ‘‘$325’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$750’’ and inserting ‘‘$825’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$1,875’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,950’’; and (7) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), re-spectively; (ii) by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(A) the producer’s share of the total acres devoted to the crop;’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-nated), by inserting ‘‘, contract price, or other premium price (such as a local, or-ganic, or direct market price, as elected by the producer)’’ after ‘‘price’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (3) and (5); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3). Subtitle G—Administration 
SEC. 1701. REGULATIONS. 
Section 1601(c)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9091(c)(2)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘title and sections 11003 and 11017’’ and inserting ‘‘title, sections 11003 and 11017, title I of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 and the amendments made by that title, and section 10109 of that Act’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (4) by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 1702. SUSPENSION OF PERMANENT PRICE SUPPORT AUTHORITY. 
Section 1602 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9092) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 1703. IMPLEMENTATION. 
Section 1614 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9097) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) S
TREAMLINING .—In implementing this title, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) reduce administrative burdens and costs to producers by streamlining and re-ducing paperwork, forms, and other adminis-trative requirements, including through the implementation of the Acreage Crop Report-ing and Streamlining Initiative that, in part, shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) a producer (or an agent of a producer) may report information electronically (in-cluding geospatial data) or conventionally to the Department of Agriculture; ‘‘(B) the Department of Agriculture col-lects and collates producer information that allows cross-agency collation, including by— ‘‘(i) using farm numbers, common-land- unit identifiers, or other common identifiers to enable data across the farm production and conservation mission area to be collated by farm, field, and operator or owner; ‘‘(ii) recording and making available data at the smallest possible unit, such as field- level; and ‘‘(iii) harmonizing methods for deter-mining yields and property descriptions; and ‘‘(C) on the request of the producer (or agent thereof), the Department of Agri-culture electronically shares with the pro-ducer (or agent) in real time and without cost to the producer (or agent) the common land unit data, related farm level data, con-servation practices and other information of the producer through a single Department- wide login; ‘‘(2) improve coordination, information sharing, and administrative work with the Farm Service Agency, the Risk Management Agency, the Natural Resources Conservation Service, and other agencies, as determined appropriate by the Secretary, including by— ‘‘(A) streamlining processes and reducing paperwork for cross-agency interactions, such as acreage reports and conservation compliance determinations; and ‘‘(B) utilizing common acreage reporting processes to collect relevant field-level data such that a producer— ‘‘(i) has the option to report— ‘‘(I) to any of those agencies; and ‘‘(II) electronically; and ‘‘(ii) does not need to report duplicative in-formation; and ‘‘(3) take advantage of new technologies to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of program delivery to producers, including by— ‘‘(A) providing an option, as practicable, for uploading other farm- or field-level data that is unrelated to program requirements, such as input costs or field characteristics, such as soil test results; ‘‘(B) maintaining historical information and allowing users to examine trends on a field- or farm-level; ‘‘(C) providing access to agency tools, such as farm- or field-level estimates of benefits of existing or prospective conservation prac-tices; ‘‘(D) developing data standards and secu-rity procedures to allow optional precision agriculture or other third-party providers to develop applications to use or feed into the datasets and analysis; and ‘‘(E) developing methods to summarize the improved yield or reduced risk relating to conservation best practices through coopera-tive extension services or other similar means, while ensuring the privacy of indi-vidual producers.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) DEOBLIGATION OF UNLIQUIDATED OBLI-
GATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), any payment obligated or otherwise made available by the Secretary under this title on or after the date of enactment of the Ag-riculture Improvement Act of 2018 that is not disbursed to the recipient by the date that is 5 years after the date on which the payment is obligated or otherwise made available shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4528 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) be deobligated; and ‘‘(B) revert to the Treasury. ‘‘(2) O
UTSTANDING PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), any payment obligated or otherwise made available by the Farm Service Agency (or any predecessor agency of the Depart-ment of Agriculture) under the laws de-scribed in subparagraph (B) before the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improve-ment Act of 2018, that is not disbursed by the date that is 5 years after the date on which the payment is obligated or otherwise made available shall— ‘‘(i) be deobligated; and ‘‘(ii) revert to the Treasury. ‘‘(B) L
AWS DESCRIBED .—The laws referred to in subparagraph (A) are any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) This title. ‘‘(ii) Title I of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8702 et seq.). ‘‘(iii) Title I of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 7901 et seq.). ‘‘(iv) The Agricultural Market Transition Act (7 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.). ‘‘(v) Titles I through XI of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–624; 104 Stat. 3374) and the amendments made by those titles. ‘‘(vi) Titles I through X of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–198; 99 Stat. 1362) and the amendments made by those ti-tles. ‘‘(vii) Titles I through XI of the Agri-culture and Food Act of 1981 (Public Law 97– 98; 95 Stat. 1218) and the amendments made by those titles. ‘‘(viii) Titles I through X of the Food and Agriculture Act of 1977 (Public Law 95–113; 91 Stat. 917) and the amendments made by those titles. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may delay the date of the deobligation and reversion under paragraph (1) or (2) of any payment— ‘‘(A) that is the subject of— ‘‘(i) ongoing administrative review or ap-peal; ‘‘(ii) litigation; or ‘‘(iii) the settlement of an estate; or ‘‘(B) for which the Secretary otherwise de-termines that the circumstances are such that the delay is equitable.’’. 
SEC. 1704. DEFINITION OF SIGNIFICANT CON-TRIBUTION OF ACTIVE PERSONAL MANAGEMENT. 
Section 1001(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
IGNIFICANT CONTRIBUTION OF ACTIVE  
PERSONAL MANAGEMENT .—The term ‘signifi-cant contribution of active personal manage-ment’ means active personal management activities performed by a person with a di-rect or indirect ownership interest in the farming operation on a regular, continuous, and substantial basis to the farming oper-ation, and that meet at least one of the fol-lowing to be considered significant: ‘‘(A) Are performed for at least 25 percent of the total management hours required for the farming operation on an annual basis. ‘‘(B) Are performed for at least 500 hours annually for the farming operation.’’. 
SEC. 1705. ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN FARMING RE-QUIREMENT. 
Section 1001A(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308–1(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
CTIVELY ENGAGED IN FARMING RE -
QUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, section 1001, and sections 1001B through 1001F, and any regulations to implement those provisions or sections, the Secretary shall consider not more than 1 person or legal entity per farm-ing operation to be actively engaged in farm-ing using active personal management. ‘‘(B) REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may only consider a person or legal entity to be actively engaged in farming using active per-sonal management under subparagraph (A) if the person or legal entity— ‘‘(i) together with other persons or legal entities in the farming operation qualifying as actively engaged in farming under para-graph (2), does not collectively receive, di-rectly or indirectly, an amount equal to more than the limitation under section 1001(b); ‘‘(ii) does not use the active management contribution allowed under this section to qualify as actively engaged in farming in more than 1 farming operation; and ‘‘(iii) manages a farming operation that does not substantially share equipment, labor, or management with persons or legal entities that, together with the person or legal entity, collectively receive, directly or indirectly, an amount equal to more than the limitation under section 1001(b).’’. 
SEC. 1706. ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME LIMITA-TION. 
Section 1001D(b)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308–3a(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$900,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$700,000’’. 
SEC. 1707. BASE ACRES REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-view the establishment, calculation, re-allocation, adjustment, and reduction of base acres under part II of subtitle A of title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9011 et seq.). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Ag-riculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report de-scribing the results of the review under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1708. FARM SERVICE AGENCY ACCOUNT-ABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Inspec-tor General of the Department of Agri-culture, shall establish policies, procedures, and plans to improve program accountability and integrity through targeted and coordi-nated activities, including utilizing data mining to identify and reduce errors, waste, fraud, and abuse in programs administered by the Farm Service Agency. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter through fiscal year 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report de-scribing a summary of— (1) the existing efforts of the Department of Agriculture to eliminate errors, waste, fraud, and abuse, including efforts that in-volve coordination with other departments or agencies; (2) identified weaknesses or program integ-rity issues that contribute to errors, waste, fraud, and abuse in Farm Service Agency programs and plans for actions to be taken to address and reduce those weaknesses or program integrity issues; (3) the existing and planned data sampling and mining activities of the Farm Service Agency; (4) errors, waste, fraud, or abuse identified through activities under subsection (a); and (5) any plans for administrative actions or recommendations for legislative changes re-lating to reducing errors, waste, fraud, and abuse in programs of the Department of Ag-riculture. SEC. 1709. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) Section 1112(c)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9012(c)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) Any acreage on the farm enrolled in— ‘‘(i) the conservation reserve program es-tablished under subchapter B of chapter 1 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831 et seq.); or ‘‘(ii) a wetland reserve easement under sec-tion 1265C of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865c).’’. (b) Section 1614(d) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9097(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘pursuant 2 U.S.C. 901(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to section 251(a) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(a))’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘subtitles B’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subtitle B’’. 
SEC. 1710. USE OF COMMODITY CREDIT COR-PORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall use the funds, facilities, and authorities of the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out this title and the amendments made by this title. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall make available to the Adminis-trator of the Farm Service Agency to carry out this title and the amendments made by this title $100,000,000, to remain available until expended. TITLE II—CONSERVATION Subtitle A—Conservation Reserve Program 
SEC. 2101. EXTENSION AND ENROLLMENT RE-QUIREMENTS OF CONSERVATION RESERVE PROGRAM. 
Section 1231 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘and’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Agri-cultural Act of 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, not more than 25,000,000 acres.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘limitations’’ and inserting ‘‘limitation’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (II) by striking ‘‘land with expiring’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘land, as determined by the Secretary— ‘‘(i) with expiring’’; (III) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) at risk of conversion or development; or ‘‘(iii) of ecological significance, including land that— ‘‘(I) may assist in the restoration of threatened or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4529 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(II) may assist in preventing a species from being listed as a threatened or endan-gered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); or ‘‘(III) improves or creates wildlife habitat corridors.’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall make’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) make’’; (II) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) offer enrollment under subparagraph (A) during any period that any other land may be enrolled in the conservation re-serve.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL ENROLLMENT PROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) G
RASSLANDS AND CONTINUOUS SIGN - 
UP.—With respect to enrollment in the con-servation reserve program using continuous sign-up under section 1234(d)(2)(A)(ii) or of grassland described in subsection (b)(3), the Secretary shall allow producers to submit applications for enrollment on a continuous basis. ‘‘(B) A
NNUAL ENROLLMENT .—Subject to the availability of acreage for enrollment in the conservation reserve program for a fiscal year in accordance with paragraph (1), the Secretary shall enter into contracts under the conservation reserve program for each fiscal year. ‘‘(4) S
TATE ACRES FOR WILDLIFE ENHANCE -
MENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes of ap-plying the limitations in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give priority to land— ‘‘(i) enrolled in the conservation reserve program using continuous sign-up under sec-tion 1234(d)(2)(A)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) on which practices to maintain, en-hance, or restore wildlife habitat on land designated as a State acres for wildlife en-hancement area under subsection (j)(1) shall be conducted. ‘‘(B) A
CREAGE .—Of the acres maintained in the conservation reserve in accordance with paragraph (1), to the maximum extent prac-ticable, not less than 30 percent of acres en-rolled in the conservation reserve using con-tinuous sign-up under section 1234(d)(2)(A)(ii) shall be of land described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) E
NROLLMENT OF WATER QUALITY PRAC -
TICES TO FOSTER CLEAN LAKES , ESTUARIES , 
AND RIVERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of applying the limitation in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall give priority to the enrollment in the conservation reserve program under this subchapter of land that, as determined by the Secretary— ‘‘(i) will have a positive impact on water quality; and ‘‘(ii)(I) will be devoted to— ‘‘(aa) a grass sod waterway; ‘‘(bb) a contour grass sod strip; ‘‘(cc) a prairie strip; ‘‘(dd) a filterstrip; ‘‘(ee) a riparian buffer; ‘‘(ff) a wetland or a wetland buffer; ‘‘(gg) a saturated buffer; ‘‘(hh) a bioreactor; or ‘‘(ii) another similar water quality prac-tice, as determined by the Secretary; or ‘‘(II) will be enrolled in the conservation reserve program using continuous sign-up under section 1234(d)(2)(A)(ii). ‘‘(B) S
EDIMENT AND NUTRIENT LOADINGS .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider land that— ‘‘(i) is located in a watershed impacted by sediment and nutrient; and ‘‘(ii) if enrolled, will reduce sediment load-ings, nutrient loadings, and harmful algal blooms, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) ACREAGE .—Of the acres maintained in the conservation reserve in accordance with paragraph (1), to the maximum extent prac-ticable, not less than 40 percent of acres en-rolled in the conservation reserve using con-tinuous sign-up under section 1234(d)(2)(A)(ii) shall be of land described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) in the monthly publication of the Sec-retary describing conservation reserve pro-gram statistics, include a description of en-rollments through the priority under this paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) publish on the website of the Farm Service Agency an annual report describing a summary of, with respect to the enroll-ment priority under this paragraph— ‘‘(I) new enrollments; ‘‘(II) expirations; ‘‘(III) geographic distribution; and ‘‘(IV) estimated water quality benefits.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) S
TATE ACRES FOR WILDLIFE ENHANCE -
MENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State or Indian Tribe, in consultation with the applicable State technical committee established under sec-tion 1261(a), may submit to the Secretary a request to designate within the State or ter-ritory of the Indian Tribe a State acres for wildlife enhancement area (referred to in this subsection as a ‘SAFE area’) in accord-ance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) R
EQUESTS .—A request submitted under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) include a description of— ‘‘(i) the specific wildlife species that would benefit from the creation of the habitat; ‘‘(ii) the number of acres requested for en-rollment; ‘‘(iii) the geographic area where the habi-tat would be created; and ‘‘(iv) the 1 or more specific practices to be conducted for the benefit of the wildlife spe-cies described in clause (i); ‘‘(B) be in accordance with State or na-tional wildlife habitat plans or goals; and ‘‘(C) include a wildlife monitoring and evaluation plan. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary may give priority to requests submitted under para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) that cover an area— ‘‘(i) on which the habitat for a particular species may be declining or in danger of de-clining; ‘‘(ii) the designation of which would help— ‘‘(I) to prevent the listing of a species as a threatened species or an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); or ‘‘(II) to remove a species from the list of threatened species or endangered species under that Act; ‘‘(iii) that is adjacent to other conserva-tion land, including to establish wildlife cor-ridors and large blocks of conservation land; or ‘‘(iv) that provides economic or social value to the local community for outdoor recreation activities; or ‘‘(B) that include a commitment of funds from which to pay for incentive payments to an agricultural producer that enrolls land in the conservation reserve program within a SAFE area. ‘‘(4) R
EGIONAL BALANCE .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall main-tain a regional balance in the designation of SAFE areas. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) in the monthly publication of the Sec-retary describing conservation reserve pro-gram statistics, include a description of en-rollments in SAFE areas; and ‘‘(B) publish on the website of the Farm Service Agency an annual report describing a summary of, with respect to SAFE areas— ‘‘(i) new enrollments; ‘‘(ii) expirations; ‘‘(iii) geographic distribution; and ‘‘(iv) estimated wildlife benefits.’’. SEC. 2102. FARMABLE WETLAND PROGRAM. 
Section 1231B(a)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831b(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 2103. DUTIES OF THE SECRETARY. 
(a) C OST-SHARE AND RENTAL PAYMENTS .— Section 1233(a)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833(a)(1)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, including the cost of fencing and other water distribution practices, if appli-cable’’ after ‘‘interest’’. (b) S
PECIFIED ACTIVITIES PERMITTED .—Sec- tion 1233(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833(b)) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) harvesting, grazing, or other commer-cial use of the forage, without any reduction in the rental rate, in response to— ‘‘(A) drought; ‘‘(B) flooding; ‘‘(C) a state of emergency caused by drought or wildfire that— ‘‘(i) is declared by the Governor, in con-sultation with the State Committee of the Farm Service Agency, of the State in which the land that is subject to a contract under the conservation reserve program is located; ‘‘(ii) covers any part of the State or the en-tire State; and ‘‘(iii) the Secretary does not object to the declaration under clause (i) by not later than 5 business days after the date of declaration; or ‘‘(D) other emergency;’’. (c) H
ARVESTING AND GRAZING .—Section 1233 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3833) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) H
ARVESTING AND GRAZING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may per-mit harvesting and grazing in accordance with paragraphs (2) through (5) of subsection (b) on any land subject to a contract under the conservation reserve program. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with the applicable State technical committee established under section 1261(a), may determine for any year that harvesting or grazing described in paragraph (1) shall not be permitted on land subject to a con-tract under the conservation reserve pro-gram in a particular county if harvesting or grazing for that year would cause long-term damage to vegetative cover on that land.’’. 
SEC. 2104. PAYMENTS. 
Section 1234 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3834) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (B) by inserting before subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(1) S
IGNING AND PRACTICE INCENTIVE PAY -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a contin-uous enrollment contract, the Secretary may make an incentive payment to an owner or operator of eligible land in an amount suf-ficient to encourage participation in the pro-gram established under this subchapter. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON MAKING PAYMENTS .— The Secretary may only make an incentive payment under subparagraph (A) if the na-tional average market price received by pro-ducers during the previous 12-month mar-keting year for major covered commodities is greater than the national average market 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4530 June 27, 2018 
price received by producers during the most recent 10 marketing years for major covered commodities. ‘‘(2) T
REE THINNING AND OTHER PRACTICES . —’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)(B) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary may’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘Secretary— ‘‘(i) may’’; (ii) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) shall prioritize the enrollment of mar-ginal and environmentally sensitive land that is the subject of the contract offer.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘other’’ before ‘‘year,’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘The Secretary may use’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (3)(A)(ii), with respect to’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘rental rates’’ the first place it appears and inserting the following: ‘‘rental rates, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall apply the limitation described in subsection (g)(1); and ‘‘(ii) may use the estimates’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) R
ENTAL RATE LIMITATION .—Except in the case of an incentive payment under sub-section (c), a payment under this subchapter shall not exceed 88.5 percent of the estimated rental rate determined under subparagraph (A).’’; and (3) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The total’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (2), the total’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) W
ELLHEAD PROTECTION .—Paragraph (1) and section 1001D(b) shall not apply to rental payments received by a rural water district or association for land that is enrolled under this subchapter for the purpose of protecting a wellhead.’’. 
SEC. 2105. CONSERVATION RESERVE ENHANCE-MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter B of chapter 1 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended by inserting after sec-tion 1231 (16 U.S.C. 3831) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1231A. CONSERVATION RESERVE ENHANCE-MENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE LAND .—The term ‘eligible land’ means land that is eligible to be in-cluded in the program established under this subchapter. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PARTNER .—The term ‘eligible partner’ means— ‘‘(A) a State; ‘‘(B) a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(C) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)); ‘‘(D) a nongovernmental organization; ‘‘(E) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))); ‘‘(F) a State cooperative extension service; ‘‘(G) a research institute; and ‘‘(H) any other entity, as determined ap-propriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) M
ANAGEMENT .—The term ‘manage-ment’ means an activity conducted by an owner or operator under a contract entered into under this subchapter after the estab-lishment of a conservation practice on eligi-ble land, to regularly maintain or enhance the vegetative cover established by the con-servation practice— ‘‘(A) throughout the term of the contract; and ‘‘(B) consistent with the conservation plan that covers the eligible land. ‘‘(4) PROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means a conservation reserve enhancement pro-gram carried out under an agreement under subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(b) A
GREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into an agreement with an eligible partner to carry out a conservation reserve enhance-ment program— ‘‘(A) to assist in enrolling eligible land in the program established under this sub-chapter; and ‘‘(B) that the Secretary determines will ad-vance the purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) describe— ‘‘(i) 1 or more specific State or nationally significant conservation concerns to be ad-dressed by the agreement; ‘‘(ii) quantifiable environmental goals for addressing the concerns under clause (i); ‘‘(iii) a suitable acreage goal for enroll-ment of eligible land under the agreement, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(iv) the location of eligible land to be en-rolled in the project area identified under the agreement; ‘‘(v) the payments to be offered by the Sec-retary and eligible partner to an owner or operator; and ‘‘(vi) an appropriate list of conservation re-serve program conservation practice stand-ards, including any modifications to the practice standards, that are appropriate to meeting the concerns described under clause (i), as determined by the Secretary in con-sultation with eligible partners; and ‘‘(B) require the eligible partner to provide funds. ‘‘(3) E
FFECT ON EXISTING AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), an agreement under this subsection shall not affect, modify, or interfere with existing agreements under this subchapter. ‘‘(B) M
ODIFICATION OF EXISTING AGREE -
MENTS .—To implement this section, the sig-natories to an agreement under this sub-section may mutually agree to a modifica-tion of an agreement entered into before the date of enactment of this section under the Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program established by the Secretary under this sub-chapter. ‘‘(c) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) F
UNDING REQUIREMENT .—Funds pro-vided by an eligible partner may be in cash, in-kind contributions, or technical assist-ance. ‘‘(2) M
ARGINAL PASTURELAND COST -SHARE  
PAYMENTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that cost-share payments to an owner or operator to install stream fencing, crossings, and al-ternative water development on marginal pastureland under a program reflect the fair market value of the cost of installation. ‘‘(3) C
OST-SHARE AND PRACTICE INCENTIVE  
PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—On request of an owner or operator, the Secretary shall provide cost- share payments when a major conservation practice component is completed under a program, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT TO ELIGIBLE PARTNER .— An owner or operator may assign cost-share and practice incentive payments to an eligi-ble partner if the eligible partner installs the conservation practice or conducts the ongo-ing management of the conservation prac-tice on behalf of the owner or operator. ‘‘(4) R
IPARIAN BUFFER MANAGEMENT PAY -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In the case of an agree-ment under subsection (b)(1) that includes ri-parian buffers as an eligible practice, the Secretary shall make cost-share payments to encourage the regular management of the ri-parian buffer throughout the term of the agreement, consistent with the conservation plan that covers the eligible land. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The amount of payments received by an owner or operator under sub-paragraph (A) shall not be greater than 100 percent of the normal and customary pro-jected management cost, as determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the ap-plicable State technical committee estab-lished under section 1261(a). ‘‘(d) F
ORESTED RIPARIAN BUFFER PRAC-
TICE.— ‘‘(1) F
OOD-PRODUCING WOODY PLANTS .—In the case of an agreement under subsection (b)(1) that includes forested riparian buffers as an eligible practice, the Secretary shall allow an owner or operator— ‘‘(A) to plant food-producing woody plants in the forested riparian buffers, on the condi-tions that— ‘‘(i) the plants shall contribute to the con-servation of soil, water quality, and wildlife habitat; and ‘‘(ii) the planting shall be consistent with— ‘‘(I) recommendations of the applicable State technical committee established under section 1261(a); and ‘‘(II) technical guide standards of the appli-cable field office of the Natural Resources Conservation Service; and ‘‘(B) to harvest from plants described in subparagraph (A), on the conditions that— ‘‘(i) the harvesting shall not damage the conserving cover or otherwise have a nega-tive impact on the conservation concerns targeted by the program; and ‘‘(ii) only native plant species appropriate to the region shall be used within 35 feet of the watercourse. ‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—For the pur-pose of enrolling forested riparian buffers in a program, the Administrator of the Farm Service Agency, in consultation with the Chief of the Forest Service— ‘‘(A) shall provide funds for technical as-sistance directly to a State forestry agency; and ‘‘(B) is encouraged to partner with a non-governmental organization— ‘‘(i) to make recommendations for con-servation practices under the program; ‘‘(ii) to provide technical assistance nec-essary to carry out the conservation prac-tices recommended under clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) to implement riparian buffers by— ‘‘(I) pooling and submitting applications on behalf of owners and operators in a specific watershed; and ‘‘(II) carrying out management activities for the duration of the program. ‘‘(e) A
CREAGE .—Of the acres of land main-tained in the conservation reserve in accord-ance with section 1231(d)(1), to the maximum extent practicable, not less than 20 percent of the acres enrolled in the conservation re-serve program using continuous sign-up under section 1234(d)(2)(A)(ii) shall be en-rolled under an agreement under subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(f) S
TATUS REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to each agree-ment entered into under subsection (b)(1)— ‘‘(1) the status of the agreement; ‘‘(2) the purposes and objectives of the agreement; ‘‘(3) the Federal and eligible partner com-mitments made under the agreement; and ‘‘(4) the progress made in fulfilling those commitments.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4531 June 27, 2018 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 1240R(c)(3) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–5(c)(3)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘a special conservation re-serve enhancement program described in sec-tion 1234(f)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Conserva-tion Reserve Enhancement Program under section 1231A’’. (2) Section 1244(f)(3) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(f)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (d)(2)(A)(ii) or (g)(2) of section 1234’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1231A or 1234(d)(2)(A)(ii)’’. 
SEC. 2106. CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1235 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3835) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (e); (2) by redesignating subsections (f) through (h) as subsections (e) through (g), respec-tively; (3) in subsection (e) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘retired farmer or rancher’’ and inserting ‘‘contract holder’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘retired or retiring owner or operator’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘contract holder’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘1 year’’ and in-serting ‘‘2 years’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘pur-chase, including a lease with a term of less than 5 years and an option to’’ before ‘‘pur-chase)’’; (v) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (vi) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and (vii) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) give priority to the enrollment of the land in— ‘‘(i) the conservation stewardship program established under subchapter B of chapter 2; ‘‘(ii) the environmental quality incentives program established under chapter 4; or ‘‘(iii) the agricultural conservation ease-ment program established under subtitle H; and’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘under the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘under— ‘‘(i) the conservation reserve program for grasslands described in section 1231(b)(3); or ‘‘(ii) the’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) O
WNER OR OPERATOR ELECTION RELAT -
ING TO CONSERVATION RESERVE EASEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF COVERED CONTRACT .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered contract’ means a contract entered into under this subchapter— ‘‘(A) during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection and ending on September 30, 2023; and ‘‘(B) that covers land enrolled in the con-servation reserve program— ‘‘(i) under the clean lakes, estuaries, and rivers priority described in section 1231(d)(5); or ‘‘(ii) that is located in a State acres for wildlife enhancement area under section 1231(j). ‘‘(2) E
LECTION .—On the expiration of a cov-ered contract, an owner or operator party to the covered contract shall elect— ‘‘(A) not to reenroll the land under the contract; ‘‘(B) to reenroll the land under the con-tract, on the conditions that— ‘‘(i) the annual rental payment shall be de-creased by 40 percent; and ‘‘(ii) no incentive payments shall be pro-vided under the contract; or ‘‘(C) not to reenroll the land under the con-tract and to enroll the land under the con-tract in a conservation reserve easement under section 1231C. ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION .—On the expiration of a covered contract, if land enrolled in the con-servation reserve program under that con-tract is determined by the Secretary to not be suitable for permanent protection through a conservation reserve easement under section 1231C, notwithstanding para-graph (2)(B), the Secretary shall allow the land to be reenrolled under the terms of the conservation reserve program in effect on the date of expiration.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1241(a)(1)(B) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(a)(1)(B)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘1235(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘1235(e)’’. 
SEC. 2107. CONSERVATION RESERVE EASEMENTS. 
Subchapter B of chapter 1 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended by inserting after section 1231B (16 U.S.C. 3831b) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1231C. CONSERVATION RESERVE EASE-MENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) E
NROLLMENT .—The Secretary shall offer to enroll land in the conservation re-serve program through a conservation re-serve easement in accordance with this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION OF ACREAGE LIMITATION .— For purposes of applying the limitations in section 1231(d)(1), the Secretary shall not count acres of land enrolled under this sec-tion. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE LAND.—Only land subject to an expired covered contract (as defined in section 1235(h)(1)) shall be eligible for enroll-ment through a conservation reserve ease-ment under this section. ‘‘(c) T
ERM.—The term of a conservation re-serve easement shall be— ‘‘(1) permanent; or ‘‘(2) the maximum period allowed by State law. ‘‘(d) A
GREEMENTS .—To be eligible to enroll land in the conservation reserve program through a conservation reserve easement, the owner of the land shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(1) to grant an easement on the land to the Secretary; ‘‘(2) to implement a conservation reserve easement plan developed for the land under subsection (h)(1); ‘‘(3) to create and record an appropriate deed restriction in accordance with applica-ble State law to reflect the easement; ‘‘(4) to provide a written statement of con-sent to the easement signed by any person holding a security interest in the land; ‘‘(5) to comply with the terms and condi-tions of the easement and any related agree-ments; and ‘‘(6) to permanently retire any existing base history for the land covered by the ease-ment. ‘‘(e) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EASE-
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A conservation reserve easement shall include terms and conditions that— ‘‘(A) permit— ‘‘(i) repairs, improvements, and inspections on the land that are necessary to maintain existing public drainage systems; and ‘‘(ii) owners to control public access on the land while identifying access routes to be used for restoration activities and manage-ment and easement monitoring; ‘‘(B) prohibit— ‘‘(i) the alteration of wildlife habitat and other natural features of the land, unless specifically authorized by the Secretary as part of the conservation reserve easement plan; ‘‘(ii) the spraying of the land with chemi-cals or the mowing of the land, except where the spraying or mowing is authorized by the Secretary or is necessary— ‘‘(I) to comply with Federal or State nox-ious weed control laws; ‘‘(II) to comply with a Federal or State emergency pest treatment program; or ‘‘(III) to meet habitat needs of specific wildlife species; ‘‘(iii) any activity to be carried out on the land of the owner or successor that is imme-diately adjacent to, and functionally related to, the land that is subject to the easement if the activity will alter, degrade, or other-wise diminish the functional value of the land; and ‘‘(iv) the adoption of any other practice that would tend to defeat the purposes of the conservation reserve program, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(C) include any additional provision that the Secretary determines is appropriate to carry out this section or facilitate the prac-tical administration of this section. ‘‘(2) VIOLATION .—On the violation of a term or condition of a conservation reserve ease-ment— ‘‘(A) the conservation reserve easement shall remain in force; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary may require the owner to refund all or part of any payments re-ceived by the owner under the program, with interest on the payments, as determined ap-propriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) C
OMPATIBLE USES .—Land subject to a conservation reserve easement may be used for compatible economic uses, including hunting and fishing, managed timber har-vest, or periodic haying or grazing, if the use— ‘‘(A) is specifically permitted by the con-servation reserve easement plan developed for the land; and ‘‘(B) is consistent with the long-term pro-tection and enhancement of the conservation resources for which the easement was estab-lished. ‘‘(f) C
OMPENSATION .— ‘‘(1) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) P
ERMANENT EASEMENTS .—The Sec-retary shall pay as compensation for a per-manent conservation reserve easement ac-quired under this section an amount nec-essary to encourage enrollment of land in such a conservation reserve easement, based on the lowest of— ‘‘(i) the fair market value of the land, as determined by the Secretary, using the Uni-form Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice or an areawide market analysis or survey; ‘‘(ii) the amount corresponding to a geo-graphical limitation, as determined by the Secretary in regulations prescribed by the Secretary; or ‘‘(iii) the offer made by the landowner. ‘‘(B) O
THER .—Compensation for a conserva-tion reserve easement that is not permanent due to a restriction in applicable State law shall be not less than 50 percent, but not more than 75 percent, of the compensation that would be paid for a permanent conserva-tion reserve easement. ‘‘(2) F
ORM OF PAYMENT .—Compensation for a conservation reserve easement shall be provided by the Secretary in the form of a cash payment, in an amount determined under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) P
AYMENTS .—The Secretary may pro-vide payment under this paragraph to a land-owner using— ‘‘(A) 10 annual payments; or ‘‘(B) 1 payment. ‘‘(4) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall provide any annual easement payment obligation under paragraph (3)(A) as early as prac-ticable in each fiscal year. ‘‘(5) P
AYMENTS TO OTHERS .—The Secretary shall make a payment, in accordance with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4532 June 27, 2018 
regulations prescribed by the Secretary, in a manner as the Secretary determines is fair and reasonable under the circumstances, if an owner who is entitled to a payment under this section— ‘‘(A) dies; ‘‘(B) becomes incompetent; ‘‘(C) is succeeded by another person or en-tity who renders or completes the required performance; or ‘‘(D) is otherwise unable to receive the payment. ‘‘(g) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall as-sist owners in complying with the terms and conditions of a conservation reserve ease-ment. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS OR AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary may enter into 1 or more contracts with private entities or agreements with a State, nongovernmental organization, or In-dian Tribe to carry out necessary mainte-nance of a conservation reserve easement if the Secretary determines that the contract or agreement will advance the purposes of the conservation reserve program. ‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSERVATION RESERVE EASEMENT  
PLAN .—The Secretary shall develop a con-servation reserve easement plan for any land subject to a conservation reserve easement, which shall include practices and activities necessary to maintain, protect, and enhance the conservation value of the enrolled land. ‘‘(2) D
ELEGATION OF EASEMENT ADMINISTRA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL , STATE , OR LOCAL GOVERN -
MENT AGENCIES .—The Secretary may dele-gate any of the management, monitoring, and enforcement responsibilities of the Sec-retary under this section to other Federal, State, or local government agencies that have the appropriate authority, expertise, and resources necessary to carry out those delegated responsibilities. ‘‘(B) C
ONSERVATION ORGANIZATIONS .—The Secretary may delegate any management re-sponsibilities of the Secretary under this section to conservation organizations if the Secretary determines the conservation orga-nization has similar expertise and re-sources.’’. 
SEC. 2108. ELIGIBLE LAND; STATE LAW REQUIRE-MENTS. 
The Secretary shall revise paragraph (4) of section 1410.6(d) of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, to provide that land shall not be ineligible for enrollment in the conserva-tion reserve program established under sub-chapter B of chapter 1 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831 et seq.) under that paragraph if the Deputy Administrator (as defined in sec-tion 1410.2(b) of title 7, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations)), in con-sultation with the applicable State technical committee established under section 1261(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3861(a)) determines, under such terms and conditions as the Deputy Administrator, in consultation with the State technical com-mittee, determines to be appropriate, that making that land eligible for enrollment in that program is in the best interests of that program. Subtitle B—Conservation Stewardship Program 
SEC. 2201. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 1238D of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838d) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) development of a comprehensive con-servation plan, as defined in section 1238G(f)(1); ‘‘(iv) soil health planning, including plan-ning to increase soil organic matter; and ‘‘(v) activities that will assist a producer to adapt to, or mitigate against, increasing weather volatility.’’; and (2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘through the use of— ‘‘(A) quality criteria under a resource man-agement system; ‘‘(B) predictive analytics tools or models developed or approved by the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service; ‘‘(C) data from past and current enrollment in the program; and ‘‘(D) other methods that measure conserva-tion and improvement in priority resource concerns, as determined by the Secretary.’’. SEC. 2202. ESTABLISHMENT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1238E(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838e(a)) is amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) E
XCLUSIONS .—Section 1238E(b)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838e(b)(2)) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘the Agri-cultural Act of 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the Ag-riculture Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2203. STEWARDSHIP CONTRACTS. 
Section 1238F of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838f) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) R
ANKING OF APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In evaluating contract offers submitted under subsection (a), the Secretary shall rank applications based on— ‘‘(i) the natural resource conservation and environmental benefits that result from the conservation treatment on all applicable pri-ority resource concerns at the time of sub-mission of the application; ‘‘(ii) the degree to which the proposed con-servation activities increase natural re-source conservation and environmental ben-efits; and ‘‘(iii) other consistent criteria, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL CRITERION .—If 2 or more applications receive the same ranking under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall rank those contracts based on the extent to which the actual and anticipated conservation ben-efits from each contract are provided at the lowest cost relative to other similarly bene-ficial contract offers.’’; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘new or improved’’ after ‘‘integrate’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘demonstrating continued improvement during the additional 5-year period,’’ after ‘‘operation,’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘to ex-ceed the stewardship threshold of’’ and in-serting ‘‘to adopt or improve conservation activities, as determined by the Secretary, to achieve higher levels of performance with respect to not less than’’. 
SEC. 2204. DUTIES OF SECRETARY. 
Section 1238G of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838g) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Agricultural Act of 2014, and ending on September 30, 2022’’ and in-serting ‘‘Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, and ending on September 30, 2028’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, to the maximum extent practicable’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘to the maximum extent practicable,’’ before ‘‘enroll’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘8,797,000’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘notwithstanding any other provision of this subchapter,’’ before ‘‘manage’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘all financial’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘all— ‘‘(A) financial assistance, including pay-ments made under subsections (d)(5), (e), and (f); ‘‘(B) technical assistance; and ‘‘(C) any other expenses associated with enrollment or participation in the pro-gram.’’; (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) PAYMENT FOR COVER CROP ACTIVITIES .— Subject to the restriction under subsection (c)(2), the amount of a payment under this subsection for cover crop activities shall be not less than 125 percent of the annual pay-ment amount determined by the Secretary under paragraph (2).’’; (3) in subsection (e)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND ADVANCED GRAZING MANAGEMENT ’’ after ‘‘R
OTATIONS ’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (1), respectively, and moving the paragraphs so as to appear in nu-merical order; (D) in paragraph (1) (as so redesignated)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) and (E) as clauses (i) through (iv) and (vi), respectively, and indenting ap-propriately; (ii) by striking the paragraph designation and all that follows through ‘‘the term’’ in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so redes-ignated) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
DVANCED GRAZING MANAGEMENT .— The term ‘advanced grazing management’ means the use of a combination of grazing practices (as determined by the Secretary), which may include management-intensive rotational grazing, that provide for— ‘‘(i) improved soil health and carbon se-questration; ‘‘(ii) drought resilience; ‘‘(iii) wildlife habitat; ‘‘(iv) wildfire mitigation; ‘‘(v) control of invasive plants; and ‘‘(vi) water quality improvement. ‘‘(B) M
ANAGEMENT -INTENSIVE ROTATIONAL  
GRAZING .—The term ‘management-intensive rotational grazing’ means a strategic, adapt-ively managed multipasture grazing system in which animals are regularly and system-atically moved to fresh pasture in a manner that— ‘‘(i) maximizes the quantity and quality of forage growth; ‘‘(ii) improves manure distribution and nu-trient cycling; ‘‘(iii) increases carbon sequestration from greater forage harvest; ‘‘(iv) improves the quality and quantity of cover for wildlife; ‘‘(v) provides permanent cover to protect the soil from erosion; and ‘‘(vi) improves water quality. ‘‘(C) R
ESOURCE -CONSERVING CROP ROTA -
TION.—The term’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C) (as so des-ignated)— (I) in clause (iv) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by inserting after clause (iv) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(v) builds soil organic matter; and’’; (E) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘improve resource-conserving’’ and all that follows through the period at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4533 June 27, 2018 
end and inserting the following: ‘‘improve, manage, and maintain— ‘‘(A) resource-conserving crop rotations; or ‘‘(B) advanced grazing management.’’; (F) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and maintain’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or improve, manage, and maintain resource-conserving crop rotations or advanced grazing management for the term of the contract.’’; and (G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .—Subject to the restriction under subsection (c)(2), an addi-tional payment provided under paragraph (2) shall be not less than 150 percent of the an-nual payment amount determined by the Secretary under subsection (d)(2).’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (f) through (i) as subsections (g) through (j), respec-tively; (5) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) P
AYMENT FOR COMPREHENSIVE CON-
SERVATION PLAN.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF COMPREHENSIVE CON -
SERVATION PLAN .—In this subsection, the term ‘comprehensive conservation plan’ means a conservation plan that meets or ex-ceeds the stewardship threshold for each pri-ority resource concern identified by the Sec-retary under subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(2) P
AYMENT FOR COMPREHENSIVE CON -
SERVATION PLAN .—Subject to the restriction under subsection (c)(2), the Secretary shall provide a 1-time payment to a producer that develops and implements a comprehensive conservation plan. ‘‘(3) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .—The Secretary shall determine the amount of payment under paragraph (2) based on— ‘‘(A) the number of priority resource con-cerns addressed in the comprehensive con-servation plan; and ‘‘(B) the number of types of land uses in-cluded in the comprehensive conservation plan.’’; (6) in subsection (g) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or acequias’’ after ‘‘In-dian tribes’’; and (7) in subsection (i) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) O
RGANIC CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Using funds made avail-able for the program for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall allo-cate funding to States to support organic production and transition to organic produc-tion through paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall determine the allocation to a State under subparagraph (A) based on— ‘‘(i) the certified and transitioning organic operations of the State; and ‘‘(ii) the organic acreage of the State.’’; (8) in subsection (j) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (g)’’; and (9) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) S
TREAMLINING AND COORDINATION .—To the maximum extent feasible, the Secretary shall provide for streamlined and coordi-nated procedures for the program and the en-vironmental quality incentives program under chapter 4, including applications, con-tracting, conservation planning, conserva-tion practices, and related administrative procedures. ‘‘(l) SOILHEALTH .—To the maximum ex-tent feasible, the Secretary shall manage the program to enhance soil health. ‘‘(m) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate a report describing— ‘‘(1) the national average rate of funding per acre for the program for that fiscal year, including a description of whether the pro-gram is managed in accordance with the re-striction under subsection (c)(2); and ‘‘(2) the payment rates for conservation ac-tivities offered to producers under the pro-gram and an analysis of whether payment rates can be reduced for the most expensive conservation activities.’’. Subtitle C—Environmental Quality Incentives Program 
SEC. 2301. PURPOSES. 
Section 1240 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) adapting to, and mitigating against, increasing weather volatility; and’’; and (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘to make beneficial, cost effective changes to production systems (in-cluding conservation practices related to or-ganic production)’’ and inserting ‘‘to address identified, new, or expected resource con-cerns associated with changes to production systems, including conservation practices re-lated to organic production’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘livestock, pest or irriga-tion management’’ and inserting ‘‘crops and livestock, pest management, irrigation man-agement, drought resiliency measures’’. 
SEC. 2302. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 1240A of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–1) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) and (5) as paragraphs (2) through (5) and (7), respectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(1) C
ONSERVATION PLANNING SURVEY .—The term ‘conservation planning survey’ means a plan that— ‘‘(A) is developed by— ‘‘(i) a State or unit of local government (including a conservation district); ‘‘(ii) a Federal agency; or ‘‘(iii) a third-party provider certified under section 1242(e) (including a certified range-land professional); ‘‘(B) assesses rangeland or cropland func-tion and describes conservation activities to enhance the economic and ecological man-agement of that land; ‘‘(C) can be incorporated into a comprehen-sive planning document required by the Sec-retary for enrollment in a conservation pro-gram of the Department of Agriculture; and ‘‘(D) provides recommendations for enroll-ment in the program or other conservation programs of the Department of Agri-culture.’’; (3) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), in subparagraph (B)— (A) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); (B) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vi) Land that facilitates the avoidance of crossing an environmentally sensitive area, as determined by the Secretary.’’; and (C) in clause (vii) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘identified or expected’’ before ‘‘re-source concerns’’; (4) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (vii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(v) soil tests for— ‘‘(I) heavy metals, volatile organic com-pounds, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, and other contaminants; and ‘‘(II) biological and physical soil health; ‘‘(vi) scientifically based soil remediation practices to be carried out by the producer, as determined by the Secretary; and’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (v); and (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) resource-conserving crop rotation planning; ‘‘(iii) soil health planning, including plan-ning to increase soil organic matter; ‘‘(iv) a conservation planning survey; and’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (5) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(6) PRODUCER .—The term ‘producer’ in-cludes an acequia.’’. 
SEC. 2303. ESTABLISHMENT AND ADMINISTRA-TION. 
Section 1240B of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘A contract’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A contract’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) W
ILDLIFE PRACTICES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a contract under the program entered into solely for the establishment of 1 or more annual man-agement practices for the benefit of wildlife, notwithstanding any maximum contract term established by the Secretary, the con-tract shall have a term that does not exceed 10 years. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—A contract under the program may include a practice that pro-vides incentives to producers to— ‘‘(I) carry out postharvest flooding to pro-vide seasonal wetland habitat for waterfowl and migratory birds during the fall and win-ter months; and ‘‘(II) maintain the hydrology of temporary and seasonal wetlands of not more than 2 acres in order to maintain waterfowl and mi-gratory bird habitat on working cropland.’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘Not more than’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The Secretary shall provide at least’’; (II) by striking ‘‘may be provided’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘the purpose of’’ and in-serting ‘‘all costs related to’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘90-day’’ and inserting ‘‘180-day’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) O
PTION TO OPT OUT .—A producer de-scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be given the opportunity to opt out of the advance payments under clause (i).’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) R
EVIEW AND GUIDANCE FOR COST SHARE  
RATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 365 days after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) review the cost share rates of pay-ments made to producers for practices on eli-gible land under this section; and ‘‘(ii) evaluate whether those rates are the least costly rates of payment that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4534 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(I) encourage participation in the pro-gram; and ‘‘(II) encourage implementation of the most effective practices to address local nat-ural resource concerns on eligible land. ‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue guidance to States to consider the use of the least costly rate of payment to producers for practices. ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining the least costly rate of payment to producers under clause (i), the Secretary shall consider the rate of payment that— ‘‘(I) encourages participation in the pro-gram; and ‘‘(II) most effectively addresses local nat-ural resource concerns on eligible land. ‘‘(8) R
EVIEW OF CONSERVATION PRACTICE  
STANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 365 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall review conservation practice standards under the program to evaluate op-portunities to increase flexibility within conservation practice standards while ensur-ing equivalent natural resource benefits. ‘‘(B) G
UIDANCE .—If the Secretary identifies under subparagraph (A) a conservation prac-tice standard that can be modified to provide more flexibility without compromising nat-ural resource benefits, the Secretary shall issue guidance for revising the applicable conservation practice standard. ‘‘(9) I
NCREASED PAYMENTS FOR HIGH -PRI-
ORITY PRACTICES .— ‘‘(A) S
TATE DETERMINATION .—Each State, in consultation with the State technical committee established under section 1261(a) for the State, may designate 10 practices to be eligible for increased payments under sub-paragraph (B), on the condition that the practice, as determined by the Secretary— ‘‘(i) has received a high Natural Resources Conservation Service evaluation score for addressing specific causes of impairment re-lating to excessive nutrients in groundwater or surface water or for addressing the con-servation of water to advance drought miti-gation; ‘‘(ii) meets other environmental priorities; and ‘‘(iii) is geographically targeted to address a natural resource concern in a specific wa-tershed. ‘‘(B) I
NCREASED PAYMENTS .—Notwith- standing paragraph (2), the Secretary may increase the amount that would otherwise be provided for a practice under this subsection to not more than 90 percent of the costs asso-ciated with planning, design, materials, equipment, installation, labor, management, maintenance, or training.’’; (4) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘production.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘production, including grazing manage-ment practices.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘For each’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) F
ISCAL YEARS 2014 THROUGH 2018 .—For each’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
ISCAL YEARS 2019 THROUGH 2023 .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, at least 10 percent of the funds made available for payments under the program shall be tar-geted at practices benefitting wildlife habi-tat under subsection (g).’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW OF PROCESS FOR DETERMINING  
ANNUAL FUNDING ALLOCATIONS TO STATES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 365 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall review the process for deter-mining annual funding allocations to States under the program. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the review under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall consider— ‘‘(i) the roles of, in determining annual funding allocations to States— ‘‘(I) relevant data on local natural resource concerns, including the outcomes of the Con-servation Effects Assessment Project carried out by the Natural Resources Conservation Service; and ‘‘(II) the recommendations of State tech-nical committees established under section 1261(a) and other local stakeholder input; ‘‘(ii) how to utilize the data and local input described in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i) such that, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, consideration of local natural re-source concerns is a leading factor when de-termining annual funding allocations to States; and ‘‘(iii) the process used at the national level to evaluate State budget proposals and allo-cate funds to achieve priority natural re-source objectives, including the factors con-sidered in ranking State proposals.’’; (5) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) A
VAILABILITY OF PAYMENTS .—The Sec- retary may provide water conservation and system efficiency payments under this sub-section to an entity described in paragraph (2) or a producer for— ‘‘(A) water conservation scheduling, water distribution efficiency, soil moisture moni-toring, or an appropriate combination there-of; ‘‘(B) irrigation-related structural or other measures that conserve surface water or groundwater, including managed aquifer re-covery practices; or ‘‘(C) a transition to water-conserving crops, water-conserving crop rotations, or deficit irrigation.’’; (B) by redesigning paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN ENTITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 1001(f)(6), the Secretary may enter into a contract under this subsection with a State, irrigation district, groundwater management district, acequia, or similar entity under a streamlined contracting process to imple-ment water conservation or irrigation prac-tices under a watershed-wide project that will effectively conserve water, provide fish and wildlife habitat, or provide for drought- related environmental mitigation, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Water conserva-tion or irrigation practices that are the sub-ject of a contract entered into under sub-paragraph (A) shall be implemented on— ‘‘(i) eligible land of a producer; or ‘‘(ii) land that is under the control of an ir-rigation district, a groundwater manage-ment district, an acequia, or a similar enti-ty. ‘‘(C) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive the applicability of the limita-tions in section 1001D(b) or section 1240G for a payment made under a contract entered into under this paragraph if the Secretary determines that the waiver is necessary to fulfill the objectives of the project.’’; (D) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to a producer’’ and insert-ing ‘‘under this subsection’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the eligible land of the producer is located, there is a reduction in water use in the operation of the producer’’ and inserting ‘‘the land on which the practices will be implemented is located, there is a reduction in water use in the operation on that land’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘ex-cept in the case of an application under para-graph (2),’’ before ‘‘the producer agrees’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) EFFECT .—Nothing in this section au-thorizes the Secretary to modify the process for determining the annual allocation of funding to States under the program.’’; (6) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘$20,000 per year or $80,000 during any 6-year period’’ and inserting ‘‘$160,000 during the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) M
ICRO-EQIP P ILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On request of not more than 10 States, the Secretary may establish under the environmental quality incentives program a pilot program in that State under which the Secretary may— ‘‘(A) provide financial and technical assist-ance to small-scale agricultural producers, including beginning farmers and ranchers and limited resource producers, that enter into contracts with the Secretary under the pilot program to address natural resource concerns relating to production on small- scale agricultural operations; and ‘‘(B) conduct outreach to small-scale agri-cultural producers to increase participation in the pilot program. ‘‘(2) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-termine whether a small-scale agricultural producer is eligible to receive payments under this subsection— ‘‘(i) on a State-by-State basis; ‘‘(ii) in consultation with the technical committee established under section 1261(a) of the State in which the small-scale agricul-tural producer is located; and ‘‘(iii) based on factors that may include— ‘‘(I) the operations of a small-scale agricul-tural producer, including with respect to ad-justed gross income and gross sales; ‘‘(II) demographic data relating to small- scale agricultural producers compiled by the National Agricultural Statistics Service; and ‘‘(III) other relevant information, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT .—The Secretary shall provide payments under this subsection to a pro-ducer that is eligible for the payments under subparagraph (A) in an amount that the Sec-retary determines is necessary to achieve the purpose described in paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive financial and technical assistance under this subsection, a producer that is eligible for the assistance under paragraph (2)(A) shall sub-mit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATION .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall limit the administrative burdens, and the regu-latory barriers that contribute to adminis-trative burdens, on producers applying for payments under this subsection, including by streamlining the application and approval processes for payments. ‘‘(4) P
ILOT PROGRAM COORDINATOR .—The Secretary may designate a pilot program co-ordinator in each State who— ‘‘(A) at the time of designation is an em-ployee of the Natural Resources Conserva-tion Service in that State; and ‘‘(B) shall be responsible for— ‘‘(i) public outreach relating to the pilot program under this subsection; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4535 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) assisting producers in the submission of applications under the pilot program; and ‘‘(iii) distributing financial and technical assistance under this subsection in that State. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate a report describing the results of the pilot program under this subsection, including— ‘‘(A) steps taken under paragraph (3)(B) to limit administrative burdens and regulatory barriers; and ‘‘(B) to the maximum extent practicable, demographic information about each small- scale agricultural producer participating in the pilot program.’’. 
SEC. 2304. EVALUATION OF APPLICATIONS. 
Section 1240C(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–3(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘that will ensure’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘that shall— ‘‘(1) ensure’’; (2) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) give priority to the consideration of the most effective practices to address nat-ural resource concerns on eligible land.’’. 
SEC. 2305. DUTIES OF THE SECRETARY. 
Section 1240F of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–6) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘To the extent appro-priate,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
SSISTANCE TO PRODUCERS .—To the ex-tent appropriate,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) S
TREAMLINING AND COORDINATION .—To the maximum extent feasible, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) provide for streamlined and coordi-nated procedures for the program and the conservation stewardship program under subchapter B of chapter 2, including applica-tions, contracting, conservation planning, conservation practices, and related adminis-trative procedures; and ‘‘(2) coordinate management of the pro-gram and the conservation stewardship pro-gram under subchapter B of chapter 2 to fa-cilitate the ability of a participant in the program to enroll in the conservation stew-ardship program after meeting the steward-ship threshold (as defined in section 1238D) for not less than 2 priority resource concerns under that program. ‘‘(c) S
OILHEALTH .—To the maximum ex-tent feasible, the Secretary shall manage the program to enhance soil health.’’. 
SEC. 2306. ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY INCEN-TIVES PROGRAM PLAN. 
Section 1240E(a)(3) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–5(a)(3)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘progressive’’ before ‘‘imple-mentation’’. 
SEC. 2307. LIMITATION ON PAYMENTS. 
Section 1240G of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–7) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 2308. CONSERVATION INNOVATION GRANTS AND PAYMENTS. 
Section 1240H of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–8) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (F) and (G), respec-tively; (B) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) partner with farmers to develop inno-vative conservation practices for urban, in-door, or other emerging agricultural prac-tices to increase— ‘‘(i) green space; ‘‘(ii) pollinator habitat; ‘‘(iii) stormwater management; ‘‘(iv) carbon sequestration; and ‘‘(v) access to agricultural production sites through land tenure agreements and other contracts;’’; (C) in subparagraph (F) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (D) in subparagraph (G) (as so redesig-nated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) utilize edge-of-field and other moni-toring practices on farms— ‘‘(i) to quantify the impacts of conserva-tion practices utilized under the program; and ‘‘(ii) to assist producers in making the best conservation investments for their oper-ation.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 2309. SOIL HEALTH DEMONSTRATION PILOT PROJECT. 
Chapter 4 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1240I. SOIL HEALTH DEMONSTRATION PILOT PROJECT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a pilot project that provides finan-cial incentives, as determined by the Sec-retary, to producers to adopt practices de-signed to improve soil health, including by increasing carbon levels in soil (or ‘soil car-bon levels’). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the pilot project under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) identify geographic regions of the United States, including not less than 1 drought prone region, based on factors such as soil type, cropping history, and water availability, in which to establish the pilot project; ‘‘(2) establish payments to provide an in-centive for the use of practices approved under the pilot project that— ‘‘(A) improve soil health; ‘‘(B) increase carbon levels in the soil; or ‘‘(C) meet the goals described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B); and ‘‘(3) establish protocols for measuring car-bon levels in soil to measure gains in soil health as a result of the practices used in the pilot project. ‘‘(c) S
TUDY ; REPORT TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) S
TUDY .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall conduct a study re-garding changes in soil health, and, if fea-sible, economic outcomes, as a result of the practices used in the pilot project estab-lished under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a report describing and ana-lyzing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—Of the funds made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary may use to carry out the pilot project under sub-section (a) $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. Subtitle D—Other Conservation Programs 
SEC. 2401. WETLAND CONSERVATION. 
Section 1222(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3822(c)) is amended by insert-ing before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘in the presence of the affected per-son, as long as the affected person makes themselves available for the on-site visit’’. 
SEC. 2402. CONSERVATION SECURITY PROGRAM. 
Subchapter A of chapter 2 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838 et seq.) is repealed. SEC. 2403. CONSERVATION OF PRIVATE GRAZING LAND. 
Section 1240M of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—In carrying out the program under this section, the Secretary shall provide education and outreach activi-ties through partnerships with— ‘‘(i) land-grant colleges and universities (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)); and ‘‘(ii) nongovernmental organizations.’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 2404. SOIL HEALTH AND INCOME PROTEC-TION PROGRAM. 
Chapter 5 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended by in-serting after section 1240M (16 U.S.C. 3839bb) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1240N. SOIL HEALTH AND INCOME PROTEC-TION PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE LAND.—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible land’ means land that— ‘‘(A) is selected by the owner or operator of the land for proposed enrollment in the pro-gram under this section; and ‘‘(B) as determined by the Secretary— ‘‘(i) had a cropping history or was consid-ered to be planted during the 3 crop years preceding the crop year described in sub-section (b)(2); and ‘‘(ii) is verified to be less-productive land, as compared to other land on the applicable farm. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘eligible land’ does not include any land covered by a con-servation reserve program contract under subchapter B of chapter 1 that expires during the crop year described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a voluntary soil health and income protection program under which eligible land is enrolled through the use of agree-ments to assist owners and operators of eli-gible land to conserve and improve the soil, water, and wildlife resources of the eligible land. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINE FOR PARTICIPATION .—Eligible land may be enrolled in the program under this section only during the first crop year beginning after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018. ‘‘(c) A
GREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An agreement de-scribed in subsection (b) shall— ‘‘(A) be entered into by the Secretary, the owner of the eligible land, and (if applicable) the operator of the eligible land; and ‘‘(B) provide that, during the term of the agreement— ‘‘(i) the lowest practicable cost perennial conserving use cover crop for the eligible land, as determined by the applicable State conservationist after considering the advice of the applicable State technical committee, shall be planted on the eligible land; ‘‘(ii) except as provided in paragraph (5), the owner or operator of the eligible land shall pay the cost of planting the conserving use cover crop under clause (i); ‘‘(iii) subject to paragraph (6), the eligible land may be harvested for seed, hayed, or grazed outside the nesting and brood-rearing period established for the applicable county; ‘‘(iv) the eligible land may be eligible for a walk-in access program of the applicable State, if any; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4536 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(v) a nonprofit wildlife organization may provide to the owner or operator of the eligi-ble land a payment in exchange for an agree-ment by the owner or operator not to har-vest the conserving use cover. ‘‘(2) P
AYMENTS .—Except as provided in paragraphs (5) and (6)(B)(ii), the annual rent-al rate for a payment under an agreement described in subsection (b) shall be equal to 50 percent of the average rental rate for the applicable county under section 1234(d), as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON ENROLLED LAND .—Not more than 15 percent of the eligible land on a farm may be enrolled in the program under this section. ‘‘(4) T
ERM.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each agreement described in subsection (b) shall be for a term of 3, 4, or 5 years, as determined by the parties to the agreement. ‘‘(B) E
ARLY TERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary may ter-minate an agreement described in subsection (b) before the end of the term described in subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines that the early termination of the agreement is necessary. ‘‘(ii) O
WNERS AND OPERATORS .—An owner and (if applicable) an operator of eligible land enrolled in the program under this sec-tion may terminate an agreement described in subsection (b) before the end of the term described in subparagraph (A) if the owner and (if applicable) the operator pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the amount of rental payments received under the agree-ment. ‘‘(5) B
EGINNING , SMALL , SOCIALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED , YOUNG , OR VETERAN FARMERS AND  
RANCHERS .—With respect to a beginning, small, socially disadvantaged, young, or vet-eran farmer or rancher, as determined by the Secretary— ‘‘(A) an agreement described in subsection (b) shall provide that, during the term of the agreement, the beginning, underserved, or young farmer or rancher shall pay 50 percent of the cost of planting the conserving use cover crop under paragraph (1)(B)(i); and ‘‘(B) the annual rental rate for a payment under an agreement described in subsection (b) shall be equal to 75 percent of the average rental rate for the applicable county under section 1234(d), as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(6) H
ARVESTING , HAYING , AND GRAZING OUT -
SIDE APPLICABLE PERIOD .—The harvesting for seed, haying, or grazing of eligible land under paragraph (1)(B)(iii) outside of the nesting and brood-rearing period established for the applicable county shall be subject to the conditions that— ‘‘(A) with respect to eligible land that is so hayed or grazed, adequate stubble height shall be maintained to protect the soil on the eligible land, as determined by the appli-cable State conservationist after considering the advice of the applicable State technical committee; and ‘‘(B) with respect to eligible land that is so harvested for seed— ‘‘(i) the eligible land shall not be eligible to be insured or reinsured under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.); and ‘‘(ii) the rental payment otherwise applica-ble to the eligible land under this subsection shall be reduced by 25 percent. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 2405. GRASSROOTS SOURCE WATER PRO-TECTION PROGRAM. 
Section 1240O of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–2) is amended by strik-ing subsection (b) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 2406. SOIL TESTING AND REMEDIATION AS-SISTANCE. 
Chapter 5 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended by in-serting after section 1240O (16 U.S.C. 3839bb– 2) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1240P. SOIL TESTING AND REMEDIATION ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF PRODUCER .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘producer’ includes a small- scale producer of food. ‘‘(b) S
OILHEALTH AND QUALITY .—To im- prove the health and quality of the soil used for agricultural production, the Secretary shall work with producers to mitigate the presence of contaminants in soil, including by carrying out subsections (c), (d), and (e). ‘‘(c) S
OILTESTING PROTOCOL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency, shall estab-lish a coordinated soil testing protocol to simplify the process used by producers to evaluate soil health, including testing for— ‘‘(A) the optimal level of constituents in and characteristics of the soil, such as or-ganic matter, nutrients, and the potential presence of soil contamination from heavy metals, volatile organic compounds, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, or other contaminants; and ‘‘(B) biological and physical characteris-tics indicative of proper soil functioning. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make the soil testing protocol estab-lished under paragraph (1) available to the public. ‘‘(d) S
OILASSESSMENT AND REMEDIATION  T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide technical assistance to a producer car-rying out a soil assessment or soil remedi-ation practice that shall include— ‘‘(A) an overall review of the health of the soil used by the producer for agricultural production; ‘‘(B) testing of the soil, if applicable, to de-termine the suitability of the soil for agri-cultural production; ‘‘(C) based on the results of the soil tested under subparagraph (B), a consultation with the producer and a determination of the quality, health, and level of contamination of the soil adequate— ‘‘(i) to protect against a health risk to pro-ducers; ‘‘(ii) to limit contaminants from entering agricultural products for human consump-tion; and ‘‘(iii) to regenerate and sustain the soil; and ‘‘(D) recommendations on methods to con-duct remediation or soil building efforts to improve soils and ensure that the pro-ducers— ‘‘(i) are not growing products in soils with high levels of heavy metals, volatile organic compounds, polycyclic aromatic hydro-carbons, or other contaminants; ‘‘(ii) have appropriate information regard-ing financial resources and conservation practices available to keep soil healthy, in-cluding practices, as defined in section 1240A; and ‘‘(iii) are given information about experts, including experts outside of the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service, that may pro-vide assistance to producers to oversee and monitor soil under remediation or regenera-tion to ensure soils are suitable for agricul-tural production in the future. ‘‘(2) EDUCATION AND OUTREACH .—The Sec- retary shall conduct education and outreach to producers regarding the uses of soil and methods of addressing soil contamination and soil health degradation. ‘‘(e) R
EFERRAL .—On the request of a pro-ducer, where soil is found to pose an immi-nent hazard to human health, the Secretary may refer the producer to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for additional assistance for remediation under section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(k)).’’. 
SEC. 2407. VOLUNTARY PUBLIC ACCESS AND HABITAT INCENTIVE PROGRAM. 
(a) C ONSERVATION INNOVATION GRANTS AND  P
AYMENTS .—Section 1240H of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–8) is amend-ed— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
GRANTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ GRANTS , VOLUNTARY  
PUBLIC ACCESS AND HABITAT INCENTIVE PRO -
GRAM ,’’; and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d). (b) M
ODIFICATIONS AND MERGING OF PROVI-
SIONS .—Section 1240R of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839bb–5) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) in subsection (c), by redesignating para-graphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, and indenting ap-propriately; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’; and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’; (5) by striking subsection (f); (6) by redesignating subsections (a) through (e) as paragraphs (1) through (5), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) F
UNDING .—Of the funds made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary shall use to carry out this subsection $40,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (8) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary shall establish a voluntary public access program’’ in paragraph (1) (as so re-designated) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) V
OLUNTARY PUBLIC ACCESS AND HABI-
TATINCENTIVE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Out of the funds made available to carry out this chapter, the Sec-retary shall carry out a voluntary public ac-cess program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘program’)’’; and (9) by moving subsection (c) (as so amended and redesignated) so as to appear after sub-section (b) of section 1240H (16 U.S.C. 3839aa– 8) (as amended by subsection (a)(2)). 
SEC. 2408. AGRICULTURE CONSERVATION EXPE-RIENCED SERVICES PROGRAM. 
Section 1252 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3851) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The authority provided by this section termi-nates effective October 1, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 2409. REMOTE TELEMETRY DATA SYSTEM. 
The Food Security Act of 1985 is amended by inserting after section 1252 (16 U.S.C. 3851) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4537 June 27, 2018 
‘‘SEC. 1253. REMOTE TELEMETRY DATA SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that a re-mote telemetry data system, as used for irri-gation scheduling— ‘‘(1) combines the use of field, weather, crop, soil, and irrigation data to ensure that the precise quantity of necessary water is applied to crops; and ‘‘(2) saves water and energy while sus-taining or increasing crop yields. ‘‘(b) B
ESTPRACTICE .—In carrying out the environmental quality incentives program established under chapter 4 of subtitle D, the Secretary shall encourage as a best manage-ment practice the use of remote telemetry data systems for irrigation scheduling.’’. 
SEC. 2410. AGRICULTURAL CONSERVATION EASE-MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) P URPOSES .—Section 1265(b)(3) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865(b))(3) is amended by inserting ‘‘that may negatively impact the agricultural uses and conservation values’’ before ‘‘; and’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 1265A of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘subject to an agricultural land easement plan, as ap-proved by the Secretary’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘gov-ernment or an Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘government, an Indian tribe, or an acequia’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘en-tity;’’ and inserting ‘‘entity, unless the land will be enrolled in an agricultural land ease-ment under subparagraph (B);’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) in the case of an agricultural land easement, agricultural land that meets the conditions described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of subparagraph (A) that is owned by an or-ganization described in paragraph (2)(B), on the conditions that— ‘‘(i) if the organization that owns the land is also the eligible entity that would hold the agricultural land easement, the organi-zation that owns the land shall certify to the Secretary on submission of the application that the land will be owned by a farmer or rancher that is not an organization described in paragraph (2)(B) on acquisition of the ag-ricultural land easement; ‘‘(ii) if the organization that owns the land is not the eligible entity that would hold the agricultural land easement, the organization that owns the land shall certify, through an agreement, contract, or guarantee with the Secretary on submission of the application, that the organization will identify a farmer or rancher that is not an organization de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B) and effect the timely subsequent transfer of the ownership of the land to that farmer or rancher after the date of acquisition of the agricultural land easement; and ‘‘(iii) if the organization that certified the timely subsequent transfer of the ownership of the land under clause (ii) breaches the agreement, contract, or guarantee without justification and without a plan to effect the timely transfer of the land, that organiza-tion shall reimburse the Secretary for the entire amount of the Federal share of cost of each applicable agricultural land ease-ment.’’. (c) A
GRICULTURAL LAND EASEMENTS .—Sec- tion 1265B of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘pro-vide’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘implement the pro-gram, including technical assistance with the development of a conservation plan under subsection (b)(3).’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) NON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Fed-eral share provided by an eligible entity under clause (i) may comprise— ‘‘(I) a charitable donation or qualified con-servation contribution (as defined in section 170(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) from the private landowner from which the agricultural land easement will be pur-chased; ‘‘(II) costs associated with securing a deed to the agricultural land easement, including the cost of appraisal, survey, inspection, and title; and ‘‘(III) other costs, as determined by the Secretary.’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), re-spectively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) C
ONDITION ON ASSISTANCE .—An eligible entity applying for cost-share assistance under this subsection shall develop an agri-cultural land easement plan— ‘‘(A) with the landowner of the eligible land subject to the agricultural land ease-ment; and ‘‘(B) that— ‘‘(i) describes the natural resource con-cerns on the eligible land subject to the agri-cultural land easement; ‘‘(ii) describes the conservation measures and practices that the landowner of the eligi-ble land subject to the agricultural land easement may employ to address the con-cerns under clause (i); ‘‘(iii) in the case of grasslands of special environmental significance, requires the management of grasslands according to a grasslands management plan; and ‘‘(iv) in the case of highly erodible crop-land, requires the implementation of a con-servation plan that includes, at the option of the Secretary, the conversion of highly erod-ible cropland to less intensive uses.’’; (D) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) consultation with the appropriate State technical committee established under section 1261 to adjust evaluation and ranking criteria to account for geographic nuances if those adjustments— ‘‘(I) meet the purposes of the program; and ‘‘(II) continue to maximize the benefits of Federal investment under the program.’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In evaluating applications under the program, the Secretary may give priority to an application for the purchase of an agricultural land easement that, as deter-mined by the Secretary, maintains agricul-tural viability.’’; (E) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated)— (i) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and the agri-cultural activities to be conducted on the el-igible land’’ after ‘‘program’’; and (II) by striking clause (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iv) exclude a right of inspection, unless the eligible entity fails to provide moni-toring reports to the Secretary;’’; (iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and (iv) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) ADDITIONAL PERMITTED TERMS AND  
CONDITIONS .—An eligible entity may include terms and conditions for an agricultural land easement that— ‘‘(i) are intended to keep the land subject to the agricultural land easement in farmer ownership, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) include other relevant activities re-lating to the agricultural land easement, as determined by the Secretary.’’; and (F) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (iii), by redesignating sub-clauses (I) through (III) as items (aa) through (cc), respectively, and indenting ap-propriately; (II) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (I) through (III), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (III) in the matter preceding subclause (I) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘entity will’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘eligible entity— ‘‘(i) will’’; (IV) in clause (i)(III)(cc) (as so redesig-nated), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (V) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) has— ‘‘(I) been accredited by the Land Trust Ac-creditation Commission, or by an equivalent accrediting body, as determined by the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(II) acquired not fewer than 10 agricul-tural land easements under the program; and ‘‘(III) successfully met the responsibilities of the eligible entity under the applicable agreements with the Secretary, as deter-mined by the Secretary, relating to agricul-tural land easements that the eligible entity has acquired under the program; or ‘‘(iii) is a State department of agriculture or other State agency with statutory author-ity for farm and ranchland protection that has— ‘‘(I) acquired not fewer than 10 agricultural land easements under the program; and ‘‘(II) successfully met the responsibilities of the eligible entity under the applicable agreements with the Secretary, as deter-mined by the Secretary, relating to agricul-tural land easements that the eligible entity has acquired under the program.’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Notwith- standing paragraph (5)(C), to account for ge-ographic and other differences among States and regions, an eligible entity certified under subparagraph (A) may use terms and conditions established by the eligible entity for agricultural land easements, on the con-dition that those terms and conditions shall be consistent with the purposes of the pro-gram.’’. (d) W
ETLAND RESERVE EASEMENTS .—Sec- tion 1265C of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865c) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(D), by inserting ‘‘and acequias’’ after ‘‘Indian tribes’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (v); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4538 June 27, 2018 
(III) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) the ability of the land to sequester carbon; and’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and improving water quality’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘or In-dian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian tribe, or acequia’’; (3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘or Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian tribe, or acequia’’; and (4) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) N
ATIVE VEGETATION .—The Secretary may allow the establishment or restoration of an alternative vegetative community on the entirety of the eligible land subject to a wetland reserve easement if that alternative vegetative community— ‘‘(A) will substantially support or benefit migratory waterfowl or other wetland wild-life; or ‘‘(B) will meet local resource concerns or needs (including as an element of a regional, State, or local wildlife initiative or plan).’’. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 1265D of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘subject to paragraph (2),’’ before ‘‘lands owned’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and indenting appro-priately; (C) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
AND OWNED BY ACEQUIAS .—Notwith- standing paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary may use program funds for the purpose of acquir-ing an easement on land owned by an acequia.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘trans-ferred into the program’’ and inserting ‘‘en-rolled in an easement under section 1265C(b)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
GRICULTURAL LAND EASEMENTS .—A farmer or rancher who owns eligible land subject to an agricultural land easement may enter into a contract under subchapter B of chapter 1.’’. 
SEC. 2411. REGIONAL CONSERVATION PARTNER-SHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSES .—Sec- tion 1271 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing grant agreements under section 1271C(d),’’ after ‘‘partnership agreements’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘contracts with producers’’ and inserting ‘‘program con-tracts with eligible producers’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘use covered programs’’ and inserting ‘‘carry out conservation activities’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) To further the conservation, protec-tion, restoration, and sustainable use of soil, water (including sources of drinking water), wildlife, agricultural land, and related nat-ural resources on eligible land on a regional or watershed scale.’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘eligible’’ before ‘‘pro-ducers’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘in-stallation’’ and inserting ‘‘adoption, installa-tion,’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) To encourage the flexible and stream-lined delivery of conservation assistance to eligible producers through partnership agreements. ‘‘(5) To encourage alignment of partnership projects with other Federal, State, and local agencies and programs addressing similar natural resource or environmental concerns in a coordinated manner. ‘‘(6) To engage eligible producers in con-servation projects to achieve greater con-servation outcomes and benefits for eligible producers than would otherwise be achieved. ‘‘(7) To advance conservation and rural community development goals simulta-neously.’’. (b) DEFINITIONS .—Section 1271A of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘a purpose, activity, or agreement under any of’’ after ‘‘means’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) The conservation reserve program es-tablished under subchapter B of chapter 1 of subtitle D. ‘‘(F) The program established by the Sec-retary to carry out the Watershed Protec-tion and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), except for any program established by the Secretary to carry out section 14 (16 U.S.C. 1012) of that Act.’’; (2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITY .—The term ‘eligible activity’ means— ‘‘(A) an eligible activity under the statu-tory authority for a covered program; and ‘‘(B) any other related activity that an eli-gible partner determines will help address natural resource concerns, subject to the ap-proval of the Secretary. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE LAND .—The term ‘eligible land’ means— ‘‘(A) eligible land under the statutory au-thority for a covered program; and ‘‘(B) any other agricultural or nonindus-trial private forest land or associated land on which the Secretary determines an eligi-ble activity would help address natural re-source concerns.’’; (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘acequia,’’ after ‘‘irrigation district,’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) An organization described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 1265A(2)(B). ‘‘(J) A conservation district.’’; (4) by redesignating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) E
LIGIBLE PRODUCER .—The term ‘eligi-ble producer’ means a person, legal entity, or Indian tribe that is an owner or operator on eligible land.’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) P
ROGRAM CONTRACT .—The term ‘pro-gram contract’ means the contract estab-lished by the Secretary under section 1271C(b)(1).’’. (c) R
EGIONAL CONSERVATION PARTNER -
SHIPS .—Section 1271B of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘eligi-ble’’ before ‘‘producers’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) M
AXIMUM LENGTH .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the term of a partnership agreement shall not be longer than 5 years. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) C
ONCURRENT PROGRAM DEADLINE .— Subject to approval by the Secretary, the term of a partnership agreement may be longer than 5 years if the longer period is concurrent with a deadline established under a State or Federal program that relates spe-cifically to the project. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES .—In the case of special circumstances outside the control of an eligible partner (as determined by the Secretary) that have created a delay in the implementation of a project of the eligible partner, the eligible partner may request an extension of the term of the partnership agreement. ‘‘(3) P
ARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT RENEWALS .— If an eligible partner demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the eligi-ble partner has made progress in addressing 1 or more natural resource concerns defined in the partnership agreement, not earlier than 1 year before the date of expiration of the partnership agreement, the eligible part-ner may request from the Secretary a re-newal of the partnership agreement, includ-ing a renewal of funding, through an expe-dited approval process— ‘‘(A) to continue to implement the partner-ship agreement; ‘‘(B) to expand the scope of the partnership agreement; ‘‘(C) to enroll additional eligible producers; or ‘‘(D) to carry out other conservation ac-tivities relating to the project, including the assessment of the project under subsection (c)(1)(E), as mutually agreed by the Sec-retary and the eligible partner.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) as clauses (iv) and (v), respectively; and (II) by striking clauses (i) and (ii) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) 1 or more natural resource concerns that the project shall address; ‘‘(ii) the eligible activities on eligible land to be conducted under the project to address the natural resource concerns; ‘‘(iii) the implementation timeline for car-rying out the project, including any interim milestones;’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘eli-gible’’ before ‘‘producers’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘a producer’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘an eligible producer’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘or in-kind contributions’’ after ‘‘additional funds’’; and (v) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘of the project’s effects; and’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘of— ‘‘(i) the progress made by the project in ad-dressing each natural resource concern de-fined in the partnership agreement, includ-ing in a quantified form; and ‘‘(ii) as appropriate, other environmental, economic, or social outcomes of the project; and’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘An eligible’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
ORM.—A contribution of an eligible partner under this paragraph may be in the form of— ‘‘(i) direct funding; ‘‘(ii) in-kind support; or ‘‘(iii) a combination of direct funding and in-kind support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4539 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(C) T REATMENT .—Any amounts expended during the period beginning on the date on which the Secretary announces the approval of an application under subsection (e) and ending on the day before the effective date of the partnership agreement by an eligible partner for staff salaries or development of the partnership agreement shall be consid-ered to be a part of the contribution of the eligible partner under this paragraph.’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); (5) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) D
UTIES OF SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) establish a timeline for carrying out the duties of the Secretary under a partner-ship agreement, including— ‘‘(A) entering into contracts with eligible producers; ‘‘(B) providing financial assistance to eligi-ble producers; and ‘‘(C) in the case of a partnership agreement that is a grant agreement under section 1271C(d), providing the grant amounts to the eligible partner; ‘‘(2) establish in each State a program co-ordinator for the State, who shall be respon-sible solely for providing assistance to eligi-ble partners and eligible producers under the program; ‘‘(3) establish guidance to assist eligible partners with carrying out the assessment required under subsection (c)(1)(E); ‘‘(4) provide to each eligible partner that has entered into a partnership agreement— ‘‘(A) a semiannual report describing the status of each pending and obligated con-tract under the project of the eligible part-ner; and ‘‘(B) an annual report describing how the Secretary used amounts reserved by the Sec-retary for that year for technical assistance under section 1271D(f); ‘‘(5) allow an eligible partner to use a new or modified conservation practice standard under a partnership agreement, if the Sec-retary ensures that the new or modified con-servation practice standard— ‘‘(A) is based on the best available science; ‘‘(B) is implemented after consultation with the Secretary at the local level to as-sess the anticipated effectiveness of the new or modified conservation practice standard; and ‘‘(C) effectively addresses natural resource concerns; and ‘‘(6) ensure that any eligible activity effec-tively addresses natural resource concerns.’’; and (6) in subsection (e) (as redesignated by paragraph (4))— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA USED .—In carrying out the process described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(A) make public the criteria used in eval-uating applications; and ‘‘(B) in the case of an application sub-mitted by a lead eligible partner that identi-fies a local conservation district as another eligible partner for the project, evaluate the engagement of the lead eligible partner with the local conservation district to ensure local input.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking the paragraph designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘description of—’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary shall de-velop a simplified application process that requires each application submitted under this subsection to include a description of —’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, in-cluding the covered programs to be used’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘or in-kind’’ after ‘‘financial’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (ii) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by insert-ing ‘‘eligible’’ before ‘‘producers’’ each place it appears; (iii) by striking subparagraph (D); (iv) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (G) and (H), respec-tively; and (v) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) build new partnerships at the local, State, and corporate levels or include a di-versity of stakeholders in the project; ‘‘(E) deliver a high percentage of applied conservation— ‘‘(i) to address the identified natural re-source concerns; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a project in a critical conservation area under section 1271F, to ad-dress the critical conservation condition for that critical conservation area; ‘‘(F)(i) develop and implement new water-shed or habitat plans to address 1 or more natural resource concerns; or ‘‘(ii) implement the project consistent with existing watershed restoration plans;’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) REVIEW .—To the extent practicable, after receipt of an application under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to each applicant information and feedback (in-cluding written information and feedback, as the Secretary determines to be appropriate) throughout the annual program application process for any improvements that could be made to the application.’’. (d) A
SSISTANCE TO ELIGIBLE PRODUCERS .— Section 1271C of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871c) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
ELIGIBLE ’’ before ‘‘ PRODUCERS ’’; (2) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An eligible producer may receive financial or technical assistance to conduct eligible activities on eligible land through a program contract entered into with the Secretary. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program contract to be entered into with an eligible producer to conduct eli-gible activities on eligible land, subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary may establish. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION BUNDLES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible partner may submit to the Secretary, on behalf of eligible producers, a bundle of applications for assist-ance under the program through program contracts to address a substantial portion of a natural resource concern defined in the partnership agreement. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give priority to applications described in subpara-graph (A).’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘In ac-cordance with statutory requirements of the covered programs involved, the Secretary may make payments to a producer’’ and in-serting ‘‘Subject to section 1271D, the Sec-retary may make payments to an eligible producer’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘eligible’’ before ‘‘producers’’ each place it appears; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘partici-pating’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) FUNDING ARRANGEMENTS THROUGH  G
RANT AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A partnership agreement may be a grant agreement entered into with an eligible partner in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Under a grant agree-ment under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) using amounts made available to carry out this subtitle, the Secretary shall provide to the eligible partner a grant; ‘‘(B) the eligible partner shall carry out el-igible activities on eligible land (including by contracting with 1 or more producers, if the eligible partner determines the con-tracting to be appropriate), on the condition that the eligible activities directly or indi-rectly benefit agricultural producers (includ-ing forestry producers), to address natural resource concerns on a regional or watershed scale, such as— ‘‘(i) infrastructure investments relating to agricultural or nonindustrial private forest production that would benefit multiple pro-ducers, such as a multiproducer irrigation water delivery system, including invest-ments to address drought; ‘‘(ii) projects addressing water quality or quantity concerns (including drought) in co-ordination with producers, including the de-velopment and implementation of watershed plans; ‘‘(iii) projects that use innovative ap-proaches to leveraging the Federal invest-ment in conservation with private financial mechanisms, in conjunction with agricul-tural production or forest resource manage-ment, such as— ‘‘(I) the provision of performance-based payments to eligible producers; and ‘‘(II) support for an environmental market; ‘‘(iv) projects that facilitate pilot testing of new conservation practices, technologies, or activities; ‘‘(v) projects that promote the long-term viability and sustainability of agricultural land through innovative agricultural land and water protection strategies and mecha-nisms, including projects that support the transfer of land to beginning farmers and ranchers, veteran farmers and ranchers, so-cially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, and limited resource farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(vi) other projects for which the Sec-retary determines that the goals and objec-tives of the program would be easier to achieve through the grant agreement; and ‘‘(C) the Secretary may provide technical and administrative assistance, as mutually agreed by the parties. ‘‘(3) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF ADJUSTED GROSS  
INCOME LIMITATION .—The adjusted gross in-come limitation described in section 1001D(b)(1) shall not apply to the receipt by an eligible partner of a grant under this sub-section. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not use more than 30 percent of funding made available to carry out the program for grant agreements. ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS .—An eligible partner that en-ters into a grant agreement under this sub-section shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) any information that the Secretary requires to prepare the report under section 1271E(b); and ‘‘(B) an annual report that describes the status of the project carried out by the eligi-ble partner, including a description of— ‘‘(i) the use of the grant funds; ‘‘(ii) any subcontracts awarded using grant funds; ‘‘(iii) the eligible producers receiving fund-ing using the grant funds; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4540 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(iv)(I) the progress made by the project in addressing each natural resource concern de-fined in the grant agreement, including in a quantified form; and ‘‘(II) as appropriate, other environmental, economic, or social outcomes of the project; and ‘‘(v) any other reporting data the Sec-retary determines are necessary to ensure compliance with the program rules.’’. (e) F
UNDING .—Section 1271D of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘$100,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$200,000,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking para-graphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To ensure that addi-tional resources are available to carry out the program, in addition to the funds made available under subsection (a), for each fiscal year the Secretary shall transfer 7 percent of the funds and acres made available for the following programs: ‘‘(A) The conservation stewardship pro-gram established under subchapter B of chapter 2 of subtitle D. ‘‘(B) The environmental quality incentives program established under chapter 4 of sub-title D. ‘‘(C) The agricultural conservation ease-ment program established under subtitle H. ‘‘(2) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Any funds or acres transferred under paragraph (1) shall remain available for obligation only for the purposes of carrying out the program until expended. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—To the max-imum extent practicable, of projects receiv-ing funds or acres transferred under para-graph (1) from a program described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), or (C) of that paragraph, the percentage of projects that shall have purposes similar to the purposes of the appli-cable program from which funds or acres were transferred shall be approximately equal to the percentage of funds or acres transferred from the applicable program.’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘25 per-cent of the funds and acres to projects based on a State competitive process administered by the State Conservationist, with the ad-vice of the State technical committee’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘40 percent of the funds and acres to projects based on a State or multistate competitive process adminis-tered by the Secretary at the local level with the advice of the applicable State technical committees’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (D) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘60 per-cent’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘None of the funds’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), none of the funds’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) P
ROJECT DEVELOPMENT AND OUT -
REACH .—Under a partnership agreement, the Secretary may advance reasonable amounts of funding for technical assistance to eligible partners to conduct project development and outreach activities in a project area, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) providing outreach and education to eligible producers for potential participation in the project; ‘‘(B) developing a watershed or habitat plan; ‘‘(C) establishing baseline metrics to sup-port the development of the assessment re-quired under section 1271B(c)(1)(E); or ‘‘(D) providing technical assistance to eli-gible producers. ‘‘(3) REIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may reimburse reasonable amounts of funding for activities conducted during the period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary an-nounces the approval of an application under section 1271B(e) and ending on the day before the effective date of the partnership agree-ment.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—At the time of project se-lection, the Secretary shall identify and make publically available the amount that the Secretary shall use to provide technical assistance under the terms of the partner-ship agreement. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall limit costs of the Secretary for technical assist-ance to costs specific and necessary to carry out the objectives of the program. ‘‘(3) T
HIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS .—The Sec-retary shall develop and implement strate-gies to encourage third-party technical serv-ice providers to provide technical assistance to eligible partners pursuant to a partner-ship agreement.’’. (f) A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 1271E of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871e) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2014’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2018’’; (B) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by inserting ‘‘eligible’’ before ‘‘producers’’ each place it appears; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), re-spectively; and (D) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(1) a summary of— ‘‘(A) the progress made towards addressing the 1 or more natural resource concerns de-fined for the projects; and ‘‘(B) any other related environmental, so-cial, or economic outcomes of the projects;’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
OMPLIANCE WITHCERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Secretary may not provide as-sistance under the program to an eligible producer unless the eligible producer agrees, during the program year for which the as-sistance is provided— ‘‘(1) to comply with applicable conserva-tion requirements under subtitle B; and ‘‘(2) to comply with applicable wetland protection requirements under subtitle C. ‘‘(d) H
ISTORICALLY UNDERSERVED PRO-
DUCERS .—To the maximum extent prac-ticable, in carrying out the program, the Secretary shall work with eligible partners to maintain eligible benefits available through the covered programs for beginning farmers and ranchers, veteran farmers and ranchers, socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, and limited resource farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue regulations to carry out the program.’’. (g) C
RITICAL CONSERVATION AREAS .—Sec- tion 1271F of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871f) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), and (c) as subsections (b), (c), and (e), respec-tively; (2) by inserting before subsection (b) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
RITICAL CONSERVATION AREA .—The term ‘critical conservation area’ means a geographical area that contains a critical conservation condition that can be addressed through the program. ‘‘(2) CRITICAL CONSERVATION CONDITION .— The term ‘critical conservation condition’ means— ‘‘(A) a condition of land that would benefit from water quality improvement, including through reducing erosion, promoting sedi-ment control, and addressing nutrient man-agement activities affecting large bodies of water of regional, national, or international significance; and ‘‘(B) a condition of land that would benefit from water quantity improvement, including improvement relating to— ‘‘(i) drought; ‘‘(ii) groundwater, surface water, aquifer, or other water sources; or ‘‘(iii) water retention and flood preven-tion.’’; (3) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘producer’’ and inserting ‘‘program’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘that address each critical conservation condition for which the critical conservation area is designated’’ before the period at the end; (4) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as paragraphs (2) through (4), re-spectively; (B) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall iden-tify 1 or more critical conservation condi-tions that apply to each critical conserva-tion area designated under this section after the date of enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 649), including the conservation goals and out-comes sufficient to demonstrate that progress is being made to address the critical conservation conditions.’’; (C) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) contains a critical conservation condi-tion; or’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D); and (iii) in subparagraph (D) (as so redesig-nated), by inserting ‘‘eligible’’ before ‘‘pro-ducers’’; and (D) by striking paragraph (3) (as so redesig-nated) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW AND WITHDRAWAL .—The Sec- retary may— ‘‘(A) review designations of critical con-servation areas under this section not more frequently than once every 5 years; and ‘‘(B) withdraw designation of a critical conservation area only if the Secretary de-termines that the area is no longer a critical conservation area.’’; (5) by inserting after subsection (c) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(d) O
UTREACH TO ELIGIBLE PARTNERS AND  E
LIGIBLE PRODUCERS .—The Secretary shall provide outreach and education to eligible partners and eligible producers in critical conservation areas designated under this sec-tion to encourage the development of projects to address each critical conserva-tion condition identified by the Secretary for that critical conservation area.’’; (6) in subsection (e) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘pro-ducer’’ and inserting ‘‘program’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than December 31, 2018, and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report describ-ing the status of each critical conservation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4541 June 27, 2018 
condition for each critical conservation area designated under this section, including— ‘‘(1) the conditions for which each critical conservation area is designated; ‘‘(2) conservation goals and outcomes suffi-cient to demonstrate that progress is being made to address the critical conservation conditions; ‘‘(3) the partnership agreements selected to address each conservation goal and outcome; and ‘‘(4) the extent to which each conservation goal and outcome is being addressed by the partnership agreements.’’. (h) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 1271E of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871e) (as amended by sub-section (f)) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘1271B(d)’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘1271B(e)’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(5), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘1271C(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘1271C(d)’’. (2) Section 1271F of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871f) is amended in sub-section (b) (as redesignated by subsection (g)(1)) by striking ‘‘1271D(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘1271D(d)(2)’’. 
SEC. 2412. WETLAND CONVERSION. 
Section 1221(d) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3821(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Except as’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
UTY OF THE SECRETARY .—No person shall become ineligible under paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines that an exemption under section 1222(b) applies to that per-son.’’. 
SEC. 2413. DELINEATION OF WETLANDS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF MINIMAL EFFECT EX-
EMPTIONS .—Section 1222(d) of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3822(d)) is amend-ed— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; and (2) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (A) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, in accordance with paragraph (2),’’ before ‘‘the Secretary’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall carry out paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in compliance with applicable Federal environmental laws, including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); ‘‘(B) in accordance with subsections (d) and (e) of section 12.31 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of en-actment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018); and ‘‘(C) in consultation with— ‘‘(i) State technical committees estab-lished under section 1261(a); ‘‘(ii) State wildlife and water resource agencies; ‘‘(iii) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; ‘‘(iv) State Committees of the Farm Serv-ice Agency; and ‘‘(v) agricultural commodity organiza-tions. ‘‘(3) T
RAINING OF EMPLOYEES .—The Sec- retary’’. (b) M
ITIGATION BANKING .—Section 1222(k)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3822(k)(1)) is amended by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this paragraph $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. SEC. 2414. EMERGENCY CONSERVATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) W ATERSHED PROTECTION PROGRAM .— Section 403 of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2203) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
MEASURES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ WATERSHED PRO -
TECTION PROGRAM ’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘water-shed protection’’ after ‘‘emergency’’. (b) P
AYMENT LIMITATIONS .—Title IV of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 is amended by inserting after section 403 (16 U.S.C. 2203) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 403A. PAYMENT LIMITATION. 
‘‘The maximum payment made under the emergency conservation program to an agri-cultural producer under this title may not exceed $500,000.’’. (c) F
UNDING AND ADMINISTRATION .—Section 404 of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2204) is amended— (1) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘The Corporation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION .—The Commodity Credit Corporation’’; (2) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘In implementing the provisions of’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(c) U
SE OF COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORA -
TION.—In implementing’’; (3) by striking the second sentence; (4) by striking the section designation and all that follows through ‘‘There are author-ized’’ in the first sentence and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 404. FUNDING AND ADMINISTRATION. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized’’; (5) in subsection (a) (as so designated), by inserting ‘‘, to remain available until ex-pended’’ before the period at the end; and (6) by inserting after subsection (a) (as so designated) the following: ‘‘(b) S
ET-ASIDE FOR FENCING .—Of the amounts made available under subsection (a) for a fiscal year, 25 percent shall be set aside until April 1 of that fiscal year for the repair or replacement of fencing.’’. 
SEC. 2415. WATERSHED PROTECTION AND FLOOD PREVENTION. 
Section 10 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1007) is amended by striking the section designation and all that follows through ‘‘No appropria-tion’’ in the second sentence and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10. FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $200,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATIONS .—No appropriation’’. 
SEC. 2416. SMALL WATERSHED REHABILITATION PROGRAM. 
Section 14(h)(2) of the Watershed Protec-tion and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1012(h)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 2417. REPEAL OF CONSERVATION COR-RIDOR DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle G of title II of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (16 U.S.C. 3801 note; Public Law 107–171) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5059 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (16 U.S.C. 3801 note; Public Law 110–114) is repealed. SEC. 2418. REPEAL OF CRANBERRY ACREAGE RE-SERVE PROGRAM. 
Section 10608 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (16 U.S.C. 3801 note; Public Law 107–171) is repealed. 
SEC. 2419. REPEAL OF NATIONAL NATURAL RE-SOURCES FOUNDATION. 
Subtitle F of title III of the Federal Agri-culture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (16 U.S.C. 5801 et seq.) is repealed. 
SEC. 2420. REPEAL OF FLOOD RISK REDUCTION. 
Section 385 of the Federal Agriculture Im-provement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7334) is repealed. 
SEC. 2421. REPEAL OF STUDY OF LAND USE FOR EXPIRING CONTRACTS AND EXTEN-SION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 1437 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 3831 note; Public Law 101–624) is repealed. 
SEC. 2422. REPEAL OF INTEGRATED FARM MAN-AGEMENT PROGRAM OPTION. 
Section 1451 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5822) is repealed. 
SEC. 2423. REPEAL OF CLARIFICATION OF DEFI-NITION OF AGRICULTURAL LANDS. 
Section 325 of the Federal Agriculture Im-provement and Reform Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–127; 110 Stat. 992) is repealed. 
SEC. 2424. RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND DE-VELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 1537 of the Agriculture and Food Act of 1981 (16 U.S.C. 3460) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1537. TERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS. 
‘‘The authority provided by this subtitle terminates effective October 1, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 2425. WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior shall continue to carry out the Working Lands for Wildlife model of conservation on working land-scapes, as implemented on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, in accordance with— (1) the document entitled ‘‘Partnership Agreement Between the United States De-partment of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service and the United States Department of the Interior Fish and Wildlife Service’’, numbered A-3A75-16-937, and for-malized by the Chief of the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service on September 15, 2016, and by the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on August 4, 2016, as in effect on September 15, 2016; and (2) United States Fish and Wildlife Service Director’s Order No. 217, dated August 9, 2016, as in effect on August 9, 2016. (b) E
XPANSION OF MODEL .—The Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior may ex-pand the conservation model described in subsection (a) through a new partnership agreement between the Farm Service Agen-cy and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service for the purpose of carrying out con-servation activities for species conservation. (c) E
XTENSION OF PERIOD OF REGULATORY  P
REDICTABILITY .— (1) D
EFINITION OF PERIOD OF REGULATORY  
PREDICTABILITY .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘period of regulatory predictability’’ means the period of regulatory predict-ability under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) initially deter-mined in accordance with the document and order described in paragraphs (1) and (2), re-spectively, of subsection (a). (2) E
XTENSION .—After the period of regu-latory predictability, on request of the Sec-retary, the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, may provide addi-tional consultation under section 7(a)(2) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4542 June 27, 2018 
the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)), or additional conference under section 7(a)(4) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(4)), as applicable, with the Chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service or the Administrator of the Farm Service Agency, as applicable, to extend the period of regulatory predictability. (d) R
EGULATORY CERTAINTY .—Section 1244 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(n) R
EGULATORY CERTAINTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to technical and programmatic information that the Sec-retary is otherwise authorized to provide, on request of a Federal agency, a State, an In-dian tribe, or a unit of local government, the Secretary may provide technical and pro-grammatic information— ‘‘(A) subject to paragraph (2), to the Fed-eral agency, State, Indian tribe, or unit of local government to support specifically the development of mechanisms that would pro-vide regulatory certainty, regulatory pre-dictability, safe harbor protection, or other similar regulatory assurances to a farmer, rancher, or private nonindustrial forest land-owner under a regulatory requirement— ‘‘(i) that relates to soil, water, or wildlife; and ‘‘(ii) over which that Federal agency, State, Indian tribe, or unit of local govern-ment has authority; and ‘‘(B) relating to conservation practices or activities that could be implemented by a farmer, rancher, or private nonindustrial for-est landowner to address a targeted soil, water, or wildlife resource concern that is the direct subject of a regulatory require-ment enforced by that Federal agency, State, Indian tribe, or unit of local govern-ment, as applicable. ‘‘(2) M
ECHANISMS .—The Secretary shall only provide additional technical and pro-grammatic information under paragraph (1) if the mechanisms to be developed by the Federal agency, State, Indian tribe, or unit of local government, as applicable, under paragraph (1)(A) are anticipated to include, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) the implementation of 1 or more con-servation practices or activities that effec-tively addresses the soil, water, or wildlife resource concern identified under paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) the on-site confirmation that the ap-plicable conservation practices or activities identified under subparagraph (A) have been implemented; ‘‘(C) a plan for a periodic audit, as appro-priate, of the continued implementation or maintenance of each of the conservation practices or activities identified under sub-paragraph (A); and ‘‘(D) notification to a farmer, rancher, or private nonindustrial forest landowner of, and an opportunity to correct, any non-compliance with a requirement to obtain regulatory certainty, regulatory predict-ability, safe harbor protection, or other simi-lar regulatory assurance. ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUING CURRENT COLLABORATION  
ON SOIL , WATER , OR WILDLIFE CONSERVATION  
PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) continue collaboration with Federal agencies, States, Indian tribes, or local units of government on existing regulatory cer-tainty, regulatory predictability, safe harbor protection, or other similar regulatory as-surances in accordance with paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) continue collaboration with the Sec-retary of the Interior on consultation under section 7(a)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)) or conference under section 7(a)(4) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(4)), as applicable, for wildlife con-servation efforts, including the Working Lands for Wildlife model of conservation on working landscapes, as implemented on the day before the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, in accord-ance with— ‘‘(i) the document entitled ‘Partnership Agreement Between the United States De-partment of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service and the United States Department of the Interior Fish and Wildlife Service’, numbered A-3A75-16-937, and for-malized by the Chief of the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service on September 15, 2016, and by the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on August 4, 2016, as in effect on September 15, 2016; and ‘‘(ii) United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice Director’s Order No. 217, dated August 9, 2016, as in effect on August 9, 2016. ‘‘(4) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sub-section— ‘‘(A) preempts, displaces, or supplants any authority or right of a Federal agency, a State, an Indian tribe, or a unit of local gov-ernment; ‘‘(B) modifies or otherwise affects, pre-empts, or displaces— ‘‘(i) any cause of action; or ‘‘(ii) a provision of Federal or State law es-tablishing a remedy for a civil or criminal cause of action; or ‘‘(C) applies to a case in which the Depart-ment of Agriculture is the originating agen-cy requesting a consultation or other tech-nical and programmatic information or as-sistance from another Federal agency in as-sisting farmers, ranchers, or nonindustrial private forest landowners participating in a conservation program administered by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 2426. HEALTHY FORESTS RESERVE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P URPOSES .—Section 501(a) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6571(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) to conserve forest land that provides habitat for species described in section 502(b)(2).’’. (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—Section 502 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6572) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘private land’’ and all that follows through ‘‘which will’’ and inserting ‘‘private land, including private forest land or land being restored to forest, the enrollment of which will main-tain,’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘private land’’ and all that follows through ‘‘which will’’ and inserting ‘‘private land, including private forest land or land being restored to forest, the enroll-ment of which will maintain,’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B)(i) are candidates for such listing, State-listed species, or special concern spe-cies; or ‘‘(ii) are deemed a species of greatest con-servation need under a State wildlife action plan.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) conserve forest land that provides habitat for species described in section 502(b)(2).’’; (3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (C) in paragraph (2)(B) (as redesignated by subparagraph (A))— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (ii) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) a permanent easement; or ‘‘(iv) any combination of the options de-scribed in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii).’’; and (4) in subsection (f)(1)(B), by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii)(I) are candidates for such listing, State-listed species, or special concern spe-cies; or ‘‘(II) are deemed a species of greatest con-servation need under a State wildlife action plan.’’. (c) RESTORATION PLANS .—Section 503(b) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6573(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘restoration practices’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) P
RACTICES AND MEASURES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF PRACTICES AND MEAS -
URES .—In this subsection, the term ‘prac-tices and measures’ includes land manage-ment practices, vegetative treatments, structural practices and measures, practices to improve biological diversity, practices to increase carbon sequestration, and other ap-propriate activities, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
ESTORATION PLANS .—The restoration plan may require such restoration practices and measures’’; (3) in subparagraph (A) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (4) in subparagraph (B) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, or a species deemed a species of greatest conservation need under a State wildlife action plan.’’. 
SEC. 2427. WATERSHED PROTECTION. 
(a) W ATERSHED AREAS .—Section 2 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention Act (16 U.S.C. 1002) is amended in the undes-ignated matter following paragraph (3) by in-serting ‘‘(except in cases in which the Sec-retary determines that the undertaking is necessary in a larger watershed or subwater-shed in order to address regional drought concerns)’’ after ‘‘fifty thousand acres’’. (b) A
UTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY .—Section 3 of the Watershed Protection and Flood Pre-vention Act (16 U.S.C. 1003) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows through ‘‘In order to assist’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3. ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to assist’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the watershed plan for works of improve-ment if the Secretary determines the water-shed plan is unnecessary or duplicative.’’. 
SEC. 2428. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO IN-CREASED WATERSHED-BASED COL-LABORATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Federal Government should recognize and encourage partnerships at the watershed level between nonpoint sources and regulated point sources to advance the goals of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and provide benefits to farmers, landowners, and the public. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4543 June 27, 2018 
SEC. 2429. MODIFICATIONS TO CONSERVATION EASEMENT PROGRAM. 
Title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) is amended by insert-ing after subtitle E the following: ‘‘Subtitle F—Other Conservation Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 1251. MODIFICATIONS TO CONSERVATION EASEMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF COVERED PROGRAM .—In this section, the term ‘covered program’ means wetland reserve easements under sec-tion 1265C. ‘‘(b) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law applicable to the cov-ered program, subject to subsection (c), if re-quested by the landowner, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) allow land enrolled in the covered pro-gram to be— ‘‘(A) modified for water management, gen-eral maintenance, vegetative cover control, wildlife habitat management, or any other purpose, subject to the condition that the modification shall be approved jointly by— ‘‘(i) the State department of natural re-sources (or equivalent State agency); and ‘‘(ii) the technical committee established under section 1261(a) of the State; or ‘‘(B) exchanged for land that has equal or greater conservation, wildlife, ecological, and economic values, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) provide for the modification of an easement under the covered program if the Secretary determines that the modifica-tion— ‘‘(A) would facilitate the practical admin-istration and management of the land cov-ered by the easement; and ‘‘(B) would not adversely affect the func-tions and values for which the easement was established. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) N
O EFFECT ON ENROLLED ACREAGE , ECO-
LOGICAL FUNCTIONS AND VALUES .—A modifica-tion or exchange under subsection (b) shall not— ‘‘(A) result in a net loss of acreage enrolled in the covered program; or ‘‘(B) adversely affect any ecological or con-servation function or value for which the ap-plicable easement was established. ‘‘(2) E
XCHANGED ACRES .—Any land for which an exchange is made under subsection (b) shall satisfy all requirements for enroll-ment in the covered program. ‘‘(3) R
ESTRICTION ON PAYMENTS .—In modi- fying any easement under the covered pro-gram, the Secretary shall not increase any payment to any party to the easement. ‘‘(d) C
OSTS.—A party to an easement under the covered program that requests a modi-fication or exchange under subsection (b) shall be responsible for all costs of the modi-fication or exchange, including— ‘‘(1) an appraisal to determine whether the economic value of the land for which an ex-change is made under subsection (b) is equal to or greater than the value of the land re-moved from the covered program; ‘‘(2) the repayment of the costs paid by the Secretary for any restoration of land re-moved from the covered program; ‘‘(3) if applicable, a survey of property boundaries, including review and approval by the applicable agency; ‘‘(4) preparation and recording in accord-ance with standard real estate practices of any exchange, including requirements for title approval by the Secretary, subordina-tion of liens, and amended warranty ease-ment deed recording; and ‘‘(5) any applicable recording and legal fees.’’. Subtitle E—Funding and Administration SEC. 2501. FUNDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1241(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(a)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018 (and fiscal year 2019 in the case of the program specified in paragraph (5))’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$11,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$33,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, including not more than $5,000,000 to provide outreach and technical assistance,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘retired or retiring owners and operators’’ and inserting ‘‘contract hold-ers’’; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graphs (A) through (E) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) $400,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021; ‘‘(B) $425,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(C) $450,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; and (4) in paragraph (5), by striking subpara-graphs (A) through (E) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) $1,473,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(B) $1,478,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(C) $1,541,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(D) $1,571,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(E) $1,595,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Section 1241(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018 (and fiscal year 2019 in the case of the pro-gram specified in subsection (a)(5))’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. (c) A
LLOCATIONS REVIEW AND UPDATE .— Section 1241(g) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘R
EVIEW AND UPDATE ’’ in the subsection heading and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘U
PDATE .—The Secretary’’. (d) A
SSISTANCE TO CERTAIN FARMERS OR  R
ANCHERS FOR CONSERVATION ACCESS .—Sec- tion 1241(h)(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(h)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘5 percent’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’. (e) C
ONSERVATION STANDARDS AND REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 1241 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(j) C
ONSERVATION STANDARDS AND RE-
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the require-ments of this title, the Natural Resources Conservation Service shall serve as the lead agency in developing and establishing tech-nical standards and requirements for con-servation programs carried out under this title, including— ‘‘(A) standards for conservation practices under this title; ‘‘(B) technical guidelines for implementing conservation practices under this title, in-cluding the location of the conservation practices; ‘‘(C) standards for conservation plans; and ‘‘(D) payment rates for conservation prac-tices and activities under programs carried out under this title. ‘‘(2) C
ONSISTENCY OF FARM SERVICE AGENCY  
STANDARDS .—The Administrator of the Farm Service Agency shall ensure that the stand-ards and requirements of programs adminis-tered by the Farm Service Agency incor-porate and are consistent with the standards and requirements established by the Natural Resources Conservation Service under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) LOCAL FLEXIBILITY .—The Secretary shall establish a procedure to allow, on re-quest of a State committee of the Farm Service Agency or a State technical com-mittee established under section 1261(a) to modify any standard or requirement estab-lished under paragraph (1), that modification if the modification— ‘‘(A) addresses a specific and local natural resource concern; ‘‘(B) is based on science; and ‘‘(C) maintains the conservation benefits of the standards and requirements established under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 2502. DELIVERY OF TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 1242 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3842) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘the term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANT .—The term’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) T
HIRD-PARTY PROVIDER .—The term ‘third-party provider’ means a commercial entity (including a farmer cooperative, agri-culture retailer, or other commercial entity, as determined by the Secretary), a nonprofit entity, a State, a unit of local government (including a conservation district), or a Fed-eral agency, that has expertise in the tech-nical aspect of conservation planning, in-cluding nutrient management planning, wa-tershed planning, or environmental engi-neering.’’; (2) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
ERTIFICATION PROCESS .—The Sec-retary shall certify a third-party provider through— ‘‘(A) a certification process administered by the Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service; or ‘‘(B) a non-Federal entity approved by the Secretary to perform the certification. ‘‘(5) S
TREAMLINED CERTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary shall provide a streamlined certifi-cation process for a third-party provider that has an appropriate specialty certification, including a sustainability specialty certifi-cation and a 4R nutrient management spe-cialty certification from the American Soci-ety of Agronomy.’’; and (3) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) E
XPEDITED REVISION OF STANDARDS .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, the Secretary shall develop an adminis-trative process for— ‘‘(A) expediting the establishment and re-vision of conservation practice standards; and ‘‘(B) considering conservation innovations with respect to any establishment or revi-sion under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on— ‘‘(A) the administrative process developed under paragraph (3); ‘‘(B) conservation practice standards that were established or revised under that proc-ess; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4544 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(C) conservation innovations that were considered under that process.’’. 
SEC. 2503. ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS FOR CONSERVATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NCENTIVES FOR ACEQUIAS .—Section 1244(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(a)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘R
ANCHERS AND INDIAN TRIBES ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘R
ANCHERS , I NDIAN TRIBES , AND A
CEQUIAS ’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) Acequias.’’. (b) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—Section 1244(f) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘15’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘the Agri-cultural Act of 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the Ag-riculture Improvement Act of 2018’’. (c) F
UNDING FOR INDIAN TRIBES .—Section 1244(l) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(l)) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. (d) E
XEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REPORTING  R
EQUIREMENTS .—Section 1244(m) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(m)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or com-modity’’ after ‘‘conservation’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or the Farm Service Agency’’ before the period at the end. (e) S
OURCE WATER PROTECTION .—Section 1244 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844) (as amended by section 2425(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) S
OURCE WATER PROTECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the con-servation stewardship program under sub-chapter B of chapter 2 of subtitle D and the environmental quality incentives program under chapter 4 of subtitle D, the Secretary shall encourage water quality and water quantity practices that— ‘‘(A) protect sources of potable water, in-cluding protecting against public health threats; and ‘‘(B) mutually benefit agricultural pro-ducers. ‘‘(2) C
OLLABORATION AND PAYMENTS .—In en- couraging practices under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) work collaboratively with drinking water utilities, community water systems, and State technical committees established under section 1261 to identify local priority areas for the protection of source waters for drinking water; and ‘‘(B) subject to limitations under the pro-grams described in paragraph (1), provide payment rates to producers for water quality practices or enhancements that primarily re-sult in off-farm benefit at a rate sufficient to encourage greater adoption of those prac-tices or enhancements by producers.’’. (f) P
AYMENTS MADE TO ACEQUIAS .—Section 1244 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844) (as amended by subsection (e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) P
AYMENTS MADE TO ACEQUIAS .— ‘‘(1) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive the applicability of the limita-tions in section 1001D(b) or section 1240G for a payment made under a contract under this title entered into with an acequia if the Sec-retary determines that the waiver is nec-essary to fulfill the objectives of the project under the contract. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACT LIMITATIONS .—If the Sec-retary grants a waiver under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall impose a separate pay-ment limitation, as determined by the Sec-retary, for the contract to which the waiver applies.’’. SEC. 2504. DEFINITION OF ACEQUIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1201(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3801(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (27) as paragraphs (2) through (28), respec-tively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(1) A
CEQUIA .—The term ‘acequia’ means an entity that— ‘‘(A) is a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(B) is organized for the purpose of man-aging the operation of an irrigation ditch; and ‘‘(C) does not have the authority to impose taxes or levies.’’; and (3) in paragraph (19)(B) (as so redesig-nated), by inserting ‘‘acequia,’’ before ‘‘or other’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 363 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 2006e) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘section 1201(a)(16)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1201(a)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘(16 U.S.C. 3801(a)(16))’’ and inserting ‘‘(16 U.S.C. 3801(a))’’. 
SEC. 2505. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR WATER BANK PROGRAM. 
Section 11 of the Water Bank Act (16 U.S.C. 1310) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘with-out fiscal year’’ and all that follows through ‘‘necessary’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to re-main available until expended,’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence. 
SEC. 2506. REPORT ON LAND ACCESS, TENURE, AND TRANSITION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture, in consultation with the Chief Econ-omist, shall submit to Congress and make publicly available a report identifying— (1) the barriers that prevent or hinder the ability of beginning farmers and ranchers and historically underserved producers to ac-quire or access farmland; (2) the extent to which Federal programs, including agricultural conservation ease-ment programs, land transition programs, and financing programs, are improving— (A) farmland access and tenure for begin-ning farmers and ranchers and historically underserved producers; and (B) farmland transition and succession; and (3) the regulatory, operational, or statu-tory changes that are necessary to improve— (A) the ability of beginning farmers and ranchers and historically underserved pro-ducers to acquire or access farmland; (B) farmland tenure for beginning farmers and ranchers and historically underserved producers; and (C) farmland transition and succession. 
SEC. 2507. REPORT ON SMALL WETLANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service shall submit to Congress a report describing the number of wetlands with an area not more than 1 acre that have been delineated in each of the States of North Dakota, South Dakota, Min-nesota, and Iowa. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In the report under sub-section (a), the Chief of the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service shall list the number of wetlands acres in each State de-scribed in the report by tenths of an acre, and ensure the report is based on based available science. 
SEC. 2508. STATE TECHNICAL COMMITTEES. 
Section 1262(c) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3862(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS TO SECRETARY .— Each State technical committee shall regu-larly review new and innovative technologies and practices, including processes to con-serve water and improve water quality and quantity, and make recommendations to the Secretary for further consideration of and possible development of conservation prac-tice standards that incorporate those tech-nologies and practices.’’. Subtitle F—Technical Corrections SEC. 2601. FARMABLE WETLAND PROGRAM. 
Section 1231B(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831b(b)(2)(A)(i)) is amended by adding a semicolon at the end. 
SEC. 2602. REPORT ON PROGRAM ENROLLMENTS AND ASSISTANCE. 
Section 1241(i) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(i)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively. 
SEC. 2603. DELIVERY OF TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 1242 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3842) is amended in sub-sections (e)(3)(B) and (f)(4) by striking ‘‘third party’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘third-party’’. 
SEC. 2604. STATE TECHNICAL COMMITTEES. 
Section 1261(b)(2) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3861(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 1262(b)’’. TITLE III—TRADE Subtitle A—Food for Peace Act 
SEC. 3101. FOOD AID QUALITY. 
Section 202(h)(3) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1722(h)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 3102. GENERATION AND USE OF CUR-RENCIES BY PRIVATE VOLUNTARY ORGANIZATIONS AND COOPERA-TIVES. 
Section 203 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1723) is amended by striking sub-section (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) L
OCAL SALES .—In carrying out agree-ments of the type referred to in subsection (a), the Administrator may permit private voluntary organizations and cooperatives to sell, in 1 or more recipient countries, or in 1 or more countries in the same region, com-modities distributed under nonemergency programs under this title for each fiscal year to generate proceeds to be used as provided in this section.’’. 
SEC. 3103. MINIMUM LEVELS OF ASSISTANCE. 
Section 204(a) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1724(a)) is amended in paragraphs (1) and (2) by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3104. FOOD AID CONSULTATIVE GROUP. 
Section 205 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1725) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(1), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘45’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3105. OVERSIGHT, MONITORING, AND EVAL-UATION. 
Section 207(f)(4) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1726a(f)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘$17,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘1.5 percent, but not less than $17,000,000,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3106. ASSISTANCE FOR STOCKPILING AND RAPID TRANSPORTATION, DELIV-ERY, AND DISTRIBUTION OF SHELF- STABLE PREPACKAGED FOODS. 
Section 208(f) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1726b(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4545 June 27, 2018 
SEC. 3107. ALLOWANCE OF DISTRIBUTION COSTS. 
Section 406(b)(6) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736(b)(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘distribution costs’’ and inserting ‘‘distribu-tion costs, including the types of activities for which costs were paid under this sub-section prior to fiscal year 2017’’. 
SEC. 3108. PREPOSITIONING OF AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES. 
Section 407(c)(4)(A) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736a(c)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3109. ANNUAL REPORT REGARDING FOOD AID PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES. 
Section 407(f)(1)(A) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736a(f)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or each separately’’ after ‘‘jointly’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘by the Administrator, the Secretary, or both, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘Act’’. 
SEC. 3110. DEADLINE FOR AGREEMENTS TO FI-NANCE SALES OR TO PROVIDE OTHER ASSISTANCE. 
Section 408 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736b) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3111. NONEMERGENCY FOOD ASSISTANCE. 
Section 412(e) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736f(e)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘M
INIMUM LEVEL OF ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$350,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$365,000,000’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) F
ARMER -TO-FARMER PROGRAM .—In de- termining the amount expended for a fiscal year for nonemergency food assistance pro-grams under paragraphs (1) and (2), amounts expended for that year to carry out programs under section 501 may be considered amounts expended for those nonemergency food as-sistance programs. ‘‘(4) C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FUNDS .—In determining the amount expended for a fis-cal year for nonemergency food assistance programs under paragraphs (1) and (2), amounts expended for that year from funds appropriated to carry out part I of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) may be considered amounts expended for those nonemergency food assistance pro-grams if the funds are made available through grants or cooperative agreements that— ‘‘(A) strengthen food security in developing countries; and ‘‘(B) are consistent with the goals of title II.’’. 
SEC. 3112. MICRONUTRIENT FORTIFICATION PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 415(c) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1736g–2(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3113. JOHN OGONOWSKI AND DOUG BEREU-TER FARMER-TO-FARMER PROGRAM. 
Section 501 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1737) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, or’’ after ‘‘Notwithstanding’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘em-ployees or staff of a State cooperative insti-tution (as defined in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 1404(18) of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103(18)),’’ after ‘‘private corporations,’’; (2) in subsection (d), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (3) in subsection (e)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle B—Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 SEC. 3201. PRIORITY TRADE PROMOTION, DEVEL-OPMENT, AND ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Subtitle C—Priority Trade Promotion, Development, and Assistance 
‘‘SEC. 221. ESTABLISHMENT. 
‘‘The Secretary shall carry out activities under this subtitle— ‘‘(1) to access, develop, maintain, and ex-pand markets for United States agricultural commodities; and ‘‘(2) to promote cooperation and the ex-change of information. 
‘‘SEC. 222. MARKET ACCESS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commodity Credit Corporation shall establish and carry out a program to encourage the development, maintenance, and expansion of commercial export markets for agricultural commodities (including commodities that are organically produced (as defined in section 2103 of the Or-ganic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6502))) through cost-share assistance to eligi-ble trade organizations that implement a foreign market development program. ‘‘(b) T
YPE OF ASSISTANCE .—Assistance under this section may be provided in the form of funds of, or commodities owned by, the Commodity Credit Corporation, as deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PARTICIPATION .—To be eligible for cost-share assistance under this section, an organization shall— ‘‘(1) be an eligible trade organization; ‘‘(2) prepare and submit a marketing plan to the Secretary that meets the guidelines governing such plans established by the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(3) meet any other requirements estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) E
LIGIBLE TRADE ORGANIZATIONS .—An eligible trade organization shall be— ‘‘(1) a United States agricultural trade or-ganization or regional State-related organi-zation that— ‘‘(A) promotes the export and sale of agri-cultural commodities; and ‘‘(B) does not stand to profit directly from specific sales of agricultural commodities; ‘‘(2) a cooperative organization or State agency that promotes the sale of agricul-tural commodities; or ‘‘(3) a private organization that promotes the export and sale of agricultural commod-ities if the Secretary determines that such organization would significantly contribute to United States export market develop-ment. ‘‘(e) A
PPROVED MARKETING PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A marketing plan sub-mitted by an eligible trade organization under this section shall describe the adver-tising or other market oriented export pro-motion activities to be carried out by the el-igible trade organization with respect to which assistance under this section is being requested. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be approved by the Secretary, a marketing plan submitted under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) specifically describe the manner in which assistance received by the eligible trade organization in conjunction with funds and services provided by the eligible trade organization will be expended in imple-menting the marketing plan; ‘‘(B) establish specific market goals to be achieved as a result of the market access program; and ‘‘(C) contain any additional requirements that the Secretary determines to be nec-essary. ‘‘(3) AMENDMENTS .—A marketing plan may be amended by the eligible trade organiza-tion at any time, with the approval of the Secretary. ‘‘(4) B
RANDED PROMOTION .—An agreement entered into under this section may provide for the use of branded advertising to promote the sale of agricultural commodities in a for-eign country under such terms and condi-tions as may be established by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(f) O
THER TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(1) M
ULTIYEAR BASIS .—The Secretary may provide assistance under this section on a multiyear basis, subject to annual review by the Secretary for compliance with the ap-proved marketing plan. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION OF ASSISTANCE .—The Sec- retary may terminate any assistance made, or to be made, available under this section if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) the eligible trade organization is not adhering to the terms and conditions of the program established under this section; ‘‘(B) the eligible trade organization is not implementing the approved marketing plan or is not adequately meeting the established goals of the market access program; ‘‘(C) the eligible trade organization is not adequately contributing its own resources to the market access program; or ‘‘(D) the Secretary determines that termi-nation of assistance in a particular instance is in the best interests of the program. ‘‘(3) M
ONITORING AND EVALUATIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
ONITORING .—The Secretary shall monitor the expenditure of funds received under this section by recipients of those funds. ‘‘(B) E
VALUATIONS .—The Secretary shall make evaluations of the expenditure of funds received under this section, including— ‘‘(i) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the program in developing or maintaining markets for United States agricultural com-modities; ‘‘(ii) an evaluation of whether assistance provided under this section is necessary to maintain markets for United States agricul-tural commodities; and ‘‘(iii) a thorough accounting of the expend-iture of those funds by the recipient. ‘‘(C) I
NITIAL EVALUATION .—The Secretary shall make an initial evaluation of expendi-tures of a recipient under this paragraph not later than 15 months after the initial provi-sion of funds to the recipient. ‘‘(4) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds made available to carry out this section— ‘‘(A) shall not be used to provide direct as-sistance to any foreign for-profit corporation for the use of the corporation in promoting foreign-produced products; ‘‘(B) shall not be used to provide direct as-sistance to any for-profit corporation that is not recognized as a small-business concern described in section 3(a) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)), excluding— ‘‘(i) a cooperative; ‘‘(ii) an association described in the first section of the Act entitled ‘An Act to au-thorize association of producers of agricul-tural products’, approved February 18, 1922 (7 U.S.C. 291); and ‘‘(iii) a nonprofit trade association; and ‘‘(C) may be used by a United States trade association, cooperative, or small business for individual branded promotional activity related to a United States branded product, if the beneficiaries of the activity have pro-vided funds for the activity in an amount that is at least equivalent to the amount of assistance provided under this section. ‘‘(g) L
EVEL OF MARKETING ASSISTANCE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4546 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall jus-tify in writing the level of assistance pro-vided to an eligible trade organization under the program under this section and the level of cost-sharing required of the organization. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), assistance provided under this section for activities described in sub-section (e)(4) shall not exceed 50 percent of the cost of implementing the marketing plan. ‘‘(B) A
CTION BY UNITED STATES TRADE REP -
RESENTATIVE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may de-termine not to apply the limitation de-scribed in subparagraph (A) in the case of ag-ricultural commodities with respect to which there has been a favorable decision by the United States Trade Representative under section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411). ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—Criteria for deter-mining that the limitation shall not apply under clause (i) shall be consistent and docu-mented. 
‘‘SEC. 223. FOREIGN MARKET DEVELOPMENT CO-OPERATOR PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE TRADE ORGANI -
ZATION .—In this section, the term ‘eligible trade organization’ means a United States trade organization that— ‘‘(1) promotes the export of 1 or more United States agricultural commodities; and ‘‘(2) does not have a business interest in or receive remuneration from specific sales of agricultural commodities. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish and, in cooperation with eligible trade organizations, carry out a foreign mar-ket development cooperator program to maintain and develop foreign markets for United States agricultural commodities, with a continued significant emphasis on the importance of the export of value-added United States agricultural commodities into emerging markets. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds made available to carry out this section shall be used only to provide— ‘‘(1) cost-share assistance to an eligible trade organization under a contract or agree-ment with the eligible trade organization; and ‘‘(2) assistance for other costs that are ap-propriate to carry out the foreign market de-velopment cooperator program, including contingent liabilities that are not otherwise funded. 
‘‘SEC. 224. E (KIKA) DE LA GARZA AGRICULTURAL FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF EMERGING MARKET .—In this section, the term ‘emerging market’ means any country, foreign territory, cus-toms union, or other economic market that the Secretary determines— ‘‘(1) is taking steps toward a market-ori-ented economy through the food, agri-culture, or rural business sectors of the econ-omy of that country, territory, customs union, or other economic market, as applica-ble; and ‘‘(2) has the potential to provide a viable and significant market for United States ag-ricultural commodities. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘E (Kika) de la Garza Agricultural Fellowship Program’— ‘‘(1) to develop agricultural markets in emerging markets; and ‘‘(2) to promote cooperation and exchange of information between agricultural institu-tions and agribusinesses in the United States and emerging markets. ‘‘(c) D
EVELOPMENT OF AGRICULTURAL SYS-
TEMS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—To de- velop, maintain, or expand markets for ex-ports of United States agricultural commod-ities, the Secretary shall make available to emerging markets the expertise of the United States— ‘‘(i) to make assessments of food and rural business systems needs; ‘‘(ii) to make recommendations on meas-ures necessary to enhance the effectiveness of the food and rural business systems de-scribed in clause (i), including potential re-ductions in trade barriers; and ‘‘(iii) to identify and carry out specific op-portunities and projects to enhance the ef-fectiveness of the food and rural business systems described in clause (i). ‘‘(B) E
XTENT OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall implement this paragraph with respect to at least 3 emerging markets in each fiscal year. ‘‘(2) E
XPERTS FROM THE UNITED STATES .— The Secretary may implement paragraph (1) by providing— ‘‘(A) assistance to teams (consisting pri-marily of agricultural consultants, agricul-tural producers, other persons from the pri-vate sector, and government officials expert in assessing the food and rural business sys-tems of other countries) to enable those teams to conduct the assessments, make the recommendations, and identify the opportu-nities and projects described in paragraph (1)(A) in emerging markets; ‘‘(B) necessary subsistence expenses in the United States and necessary transportation expenses by individuals designated by emerg-ing markets to enable those individuals to consult with food and rural business system experts in the United States to enhance those systems of those emerging markets; ‘‘(C) necessary subsistence expenses in emerging markets and necessary transpor-tation expenses of United States food and rural business system experts, agricultural producers, and other individuals knowledge-able in agricultural and agribusiness matters to assist in transferring knowledge and ex-pertise to entities in emerging markets; and ‘‘(D) necessary subsistence expenses and necessary transportation expenses of United States food and rural business system ex-perts, including United States agricultural producers and other United States individ-uals knowledgeable in agriculture and agri-business matters, and of individuals des-ignated by emerging markets, to enable those designated individuals to consult with those United States experts— ‘‘(i) to enhance food and rural business sys-tems of emerging markets; and ‘‘(ii) to transfer knowledge and expertise to emerging markets. ‘‘(3) C
OST-SHARING .—The Secretary shall encourage the nongovernmental experts de-scribed in paragraph (2) to share the costs of, and otherwise assist in, the participation of those experts in the program under this sub-section. ‘‘(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary is authorized to provide, or pay the nec-essary costs for, technical assistance (includ-ing the establishment of extension services) to enable individuals or other entities to carry out recommendations, projects, and opportunities in emerging markets, includ-ing recommendations, projects, and opportu-nities described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS TO SECRETARY .—A team that receives assistance under paragraph (2)(A) shall prepare and submit to the Secretary such reports as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(6) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—To provide the Secretary with information that may be use-ful to the Secretary in carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary may establish an advi-sory committee composed of representatives of the various sectors of the food and rural business systems of the United States. ‘‘(7) EFFECT .—The authority provided under this subsection shall be in addition to and not in place of any other authority of the Secretary or the Commodity Credit Cor-poration. 
‘‘SEC. 225. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR SPE-CIALTY CROPS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall establish an export assist-ance program (referred to in this section as the ‘program’) to address existing or poten-tial unique barriers that prohibit or threaten the export of United States specialty crops. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The program shall provide direct assistance through public and private sector projects and technical assistance, in-cluding through the program under section 2(e) of the Competitive, Special, and Facili-ties Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157(e)), to remove, resolve, or mitigate existing or po-tential sanitary and phytosanitary and tech-nical barriers to trade. ‘‘(c) P
RIORITY .—The program shall address time sensitive and strategic market access projects based on— ‘‘(1) trade effect on market retention, mar-ket access, and market expansion; and ‘‘(2) trade impact. ‘‘(d) M
ULTIYEAR PROJECTS .—The Secretary may provide assistance under the program to a project for longer than a 5-year period if the Secretary determines that further assist-ance would effectively support the purpose of the program described in subsection (b). ‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each year, the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that contains, for the period covered by the report, a de-scription of— ‘‘(1) each factor that affects the export of specialty crops, including each factor relat-ing to any— ‘‘(A) significant sanitary or phytosanitary issue; ‘‘(B) trade barrier; or ‘‘(C) emerging sanitary or phytosanitary issue or trade barrier; and ‘‘(2)(A) any funds provided under section 226(c)(4) that were not obligated in a fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) a description of why the funds de-scribed in subparagraph (A) were not obli-gated. 
‘‘SEC. 226. FUNDING AND ADMINISTRATION. 
‘‘(a) C OMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION .—The Secretary shall use the funds, facilities, and authorities of the Commodity Credit Cor-poration to carry out this subtitle. ‘‘(b) F
UNDING AMOUNT .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, of the funds of, or an equal value of commodities owned by, the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use to carry out this subtitle $259,500,000, to remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(c) A
LLOCATION .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall allo-cate funds to carry out this subtitle in ac-cordance with the following: ‘‘(1) M
ARKET ACCESS PROGRAM .—For mar- ket access activities authorized under sec-tion 222, of the funds of, or an equal value of commodities owned by, the Commodity Credit Corporation, not less than $200,000,000 for each fiscal year. ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN MARKET DEVELOPMENT COOP -
ERATOR PROGRAM .—To carry out section 223, of the funds of, or an equal value of commod-ities owned by, the Commodity Credit Cor-poration, not less than $34,500,000 for each fiscal year. ‘‘(3) E 
(KIKA) DE LA GARZA AGRICULTURAL  
FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—To provide assistance under section 224, of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, not more than $10,000,000 for each fiscal year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4547 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(4) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR SPECIALTY  
CROPS .—To carry out section 225, of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, not less than $9,000,000 for each fiscal year, to re-main available until expended. ‘‘(5) P
RIORITY TRADE FUND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the amounts allocated under paragraphs (1) through (4), and notwithstanding any limita-tions in those paragraphs, as determined by the Secretary, for 1 or more programs under this subtitle for authorized activities to ac-cess, develop, maintain, and expand markets for United States agricultural commodities, $6,000,000 for each fiscal year. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In allocating funds made available under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may consider providing a greater allocation to 1 or more programs under this subtitle for which the amounts requested under applications exceed available funding for the 1 or more programs. ‘‘(d) C
UBA.—Notwithstanding section 908 of the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export En-hancement Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7207) or any other provision of law, funds made available under this section may be used to carry out the programs authorized under sections 222 and 223 in Cuba. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION FOR APPROPRIATIONS .— In addition to any other amounts provided under this section, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out the programs and authorities under subsection (c)(5) and sections 222 through 225.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) M
ARKET ACCESS PROGRAM .— (A) Section 203 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5623) is repealed. (B) Section 211 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5641) is amended by striking subsection (c). (C) Section 402(a)(1) of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5662(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘203’’ and inserting ‘‘222’’. (D) Section 282(f)(2)(C) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1638a(f)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 203 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5623)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 222 of the Agri-cultural Trade Act of 1978’’. (E) Section 718 of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (7 U.S.C. 5623 note; Public Law 105- 277) is amended by striking ‘‘section 203 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5623)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 222 of the Agri-cultural Trade Act of 1978’’. (F) Section 1302(b) of the Agricultural Rec-onciliation Act of 1993 (7 U.S.C. 5623 note; Public Law 103-66) is amended— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 203 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5623)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 222 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203 of such Act’’ and inserting ‘‘section 222 of that Act’’. (2) F
OREIGN MARKET DEVELOPMENT COOP -
ERATOR PROGRAM .—Title VII of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5721 et seq.) is repealed. (3) E 
(KIKA) DE LA GARZA AGRICULTURAL FEL -
LOWSHIP PROGRAM .— (A) Section 1542 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C 5622 note; Public Law 101–624) is amended— (i) by striking subsection (d); (ii) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and (iii) in subsection (e) (as so redesignated)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘country’’ and inserting ‘‘coun-try, foreign territory, customs union, or eco-nomic market’’; and (II) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the coun-try’’ and inserting ‘‘that country, foreign territory, customs union, or economic mar-ket, as applicable’’. (B) Section 1543(b)(5) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 3293(b)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1542(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1542(e)’’. (C) Section 1543A(c)(2) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5679(c)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and section 224 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978’’ after ‘‘section 1542’’. (4) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR SPECIALTY  
CROPS .—Section 3205 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 5680) is repealed. Subtitle C—Other Agricultural Trade Laws 
SEC. 3301. FOOD FOR PROGRESS ACT OF 1985. 
The Food for Progress Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1736o) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘President’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’; (ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) a land-grant college or university (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)).’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘food’’; (B) by striking ‘‘entities to furnish’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘entities— ‘‘(1) to furnish’’; (C) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) to provide financial assistance under subsection (l)(5) to eligible entities.’’; (4) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (5) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (6) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (7) in subsection (l)— (A) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘(1) To enhance’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(l) S
UPPORT FOR AGRICULTURAL DEVELOP -
MENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To enhance’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (C) in paragraph (4)(B), by inserting ‘‘inter-nal’’ before ‘‘transportation’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) F
LEXIBILITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, as necessary to carry out this section, the following funds shall be used to pay for the costs described in para-graph (4): ‘‘(A) Of the funds of the Corporation de-scribed in subsection (f)(3), 30 percent. ‘‘(B) Of the funds for administrative ex-penses under paragraph (1), 30 percent. ‘‘(C) Of the funds of the Corporation, $26,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (8) in subsection (m), in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
RESIDENTIAL ’’ and in- serting ‘‘S
ECRETARIAL ’’; (9) in subsection (n)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and assist-ance’’ after ‘‘commodities’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and assistance made available under this sec-tion’’ after ‘‘commodities’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall issue regulations and revisions to agency guidance and procedures necessary to implement the amendments made to this section by that Act. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATIONS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall consult with the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate relating to regu-lations issued and agency guidance and pro-cedures revised under subparagraph (A).’’; and (10) in subsection (o), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(acting through the Secretary)’’. 
SEC. 3302. BILL EMERSON HUMANITARIAN TRUST ACT. 
Section 302 of the Bill Emerson Humani-tarian Trust Act (7 U.S.C. 1736f–1) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3303. PROMOTION OF AGRICULTURAL EX-PORTS TO EMERGING MARKETS. 
Section 1542(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5622 note; Public Law 101–624) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 3304. COCHRAN EMERGING MARKET FEL-LOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 1543 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 3293) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(which may include agricultural extension serv-ices)’’ after ‘‘systems’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘enhance trade’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘enhance— ‘‘(A) trade’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated) by striking the period at the end and insert-ing ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) linkages between agricultural inter-ests in the United States and regulatory sys-tems governing sanitary and phytosanitary standards for agricultural products that— ‘‘(i) may enter the United States; and ‘‘(ii) may pose risks to human, animal, or plant life or health.’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$3,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,000,000’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’. 
SEC. 3305. BORLAUG INTERNATIONAL AGRICUL-TURAL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 1473G of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3319j) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall support’’ and insert-ing ‘‘support’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4548 June 27, 2018 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) the development of agricultural ex-tension services in eligible countries.’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
EVERAGING ALUMNI ENGAGEMENT .—In carrying out the purposes and programs under this section, the Secretary shall en-courage ongoing engagement with fellowship recipients who have completed training under the program to provide advice regard-ing, and participate in, new or ongoing agri-cultural development projects, with a pri-ority for capacity-building projects, that are sponsored by— ‘‘(A) Federal agencies; and ‘‘(B) institutions of higher education in the eligible country of the fellowship recipient.’’. 
SEC. 3306. INTERNATIONAL FOOD SECURITY TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
The Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 is amended by inserting after section 1543A (7 U.S.C. 5679) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1543B. INTERNATIONAL FOOD SECURITY TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF INTERNATIONAL FOOD S
ECURITY .—In this section, the term ‘inter-national food security’ means access by any person at any time to food and nutrition that is sufficient for a healthy and produc-tive life. ‘‘(b) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Agriculture (referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’) shall compile in-formation from appropriate mission areas of the Department of Agriculture (including the Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services mission area) relating to the improvement of international food security. ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—To benefit pro-grams for the improvement of international food security, the Secretary shall organize the information described in subsection (b) and make the information available in a for-mat suitable for— ‘‘(1) public education; and ‘‘(2) use by— ‘‘(A) a Federal, State, or local agency; ‘‘(B) an agency or instrumentality of the government of a foreign country; ‘‘(C) a domestic or international organiza-tion, including a domestic or international nongovernmental organization; and ‘‘(D) an intergovernmental organization. ‘‘(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—On request by an entity described in subsection (c)(2), the Secretary may provide technical assist-ance to the entity to implement a program for the improvement of international food security. ‘‘(e) P
ROGRAM PRIORITY .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to programs relating to the develop-ment of food and nutrition safety net sys-tems with a focus on food insecure countries. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 3307. MCGOVERN-DOLE INTERNATIONAL FOOD FOR EDUCATION AND CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAM. 
Section 3107 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1736o– 1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘that is’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(1) is’’; (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2)(A) is produced in and procured from— ‘‘(i) a developing country that is a recipi-ent country; or ‘‘(ii) a developing country in the same re-gion as a recipient country; and ‘‘(B) at a minimum, meets each nutri-tional, quality, and labeling standard of the recipient country, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’; (2) in subsection (c)(2)(A)— (A) in clause (v)(IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vi) the costs associated with trans-porting the commodities described in sub-section (a)(2) from a developing country de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii) of that sub-section to any designated point of entry within the recipient country; and’’; (3) in subsection (f)(1)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (F) and (G), respec-tively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) ensure to the maximum extent prac-ticable that assistance— ‘‘(i) is provided under this section in a timely manner; and ‘‘(ii) is available when needed throughout the applicable school year;’’; and (4) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) PURCHASE OF COMMODITIES .—Of the funds made available to carry out this sec-tion, not more than 10 percent shall be used to purchase agricultural commodities de-scribed in subsection (a)(2).’’. 
SEC. 3308. GLOBAL CROP DIVERSITY TRUST. 
Section 3202(c) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (22 U.S.C. 2220a note; Public Law 110–246) is amended by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 3309. LOCAL AND REGIONAL FOOD AID PRO-CUREMENT PROJECTS. 
Section 3206(e)(1) of the Food, Conserva-tion, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 1726c(e)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘to the Secretary’’ after ‘‘appropriated’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 3310. FOREIGN TRADE MISSIONS. 
(a) T RIBAL REPRESENTATION ON TRADE MIS-
SIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Tribal Advisory Com-mittee established under subsection (b)(2) of section 309 of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6921) (as added by section 12304(2)) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’), shall seek— (A) to support the greater inclusion of Tribal agricultural and food products in Fed-eral trade-related activities; and (B) to increase the collaboration between Federal trade promotion efforts and other Federal trade-related activities in support of the greater inclusion sought under subpara-graph (A). (2) I
NTERDEPARTMENTAL COORDINATION .—In carrying out activities to increase the col-laboration described in paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall coordinate with— (A) the Secretary of Commerce; (B) the Secretary of State; (C) the Secretary of the Interior; and (D) the heads of any other relevant Federal agencies. (b) R
EPORT ; GOALS .— (1) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report describing the efforts of the Department of Agriculture and other Federal agencies under this section to— (A) the Advisory Committee; (B) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; (D) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (F) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. (2) G
OALS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish goals for measuring, in an ob-jective and quantifiable format, the extent to which Indian Tribes and Tribal agricul-tural and food products are included in the trade-related activities of the Department of Agriculture. TITLE IV—NUTRITION Subtitle A—Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program 
SEC. 4101. DEFINITION OF CERTIFICATION PE-RIOD. 
Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amended by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) C
ERTIFICATION PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘certification period’ means the period for which a house-hold shall be eligible to receive benefits. ‘‘(2) T
IME LIMITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), the certification period shall not exceed 12 months. ‘‘(B) C
ONTACT .—A State agency shall have at least 1 contact with each certified house-hold every 12 months. ‘‘(C) E
LDERLY OR DISABLED HOUSEHOLD MEM -
BERS .—The certification period may be for a duration of— ‘‘(i) not more than 24 months if each adult household member is elderly or disabled; or ‘‘(ii) not more than 36 months if— ‘‘(I) each adult household member is elder-ly or disabled; and ‘‘(II) the household of the adult household member has no earned income at the time of certification. ‘‘(D) E
XTENSION OF LIMIT .—The limits under this paragraph may be extended until the end of any transitional benefit period es-tablished under section 11(s).’’. 
SEC. 4102. FOOD DISTRIBUTION PROGRAM ON IN-DIAN RESERVATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4(b) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2013(b)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pay not less than 80 percent of administrative costs and distribution costs on Indian res-ervations as the Secretary determines nec-essary for effective administration of such distribution by a State agency or tribal or-ganization. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary shall waive up to 100 percent of the non-Federal share of the costs described in subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) the tribal organization is financially unable to provide a greater non-Federal share of the costs; or ‘‘(ii) providing a greater non-Federal share of the costs would be a substantial burden for the tribal organization. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not reduce any benefits or services under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4549 June 27, 2018 
food distribution program on Indian reserva-tions under this subsection to any tribal or-ganization that is granted a waiver under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) T
RIBAL CONTRIBUTION .—The Secretary may allow a tribal organization to use funds provided to the tribal organization through a Federal agency or other Federal benefit to satisfy all or part of the non-Federal share of the costs described in subparagraph (A) if that use is otherwise consistent with the purpose of the funds.’’; (2) in paragraph (6)(F), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Funds made available for a fiscal year to carry out this subsection shall remain available for obligation for a period of 2 fiscal years. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Funds made available for a fiscal year to carry out para-graph (4) shall remain available for obliga-tion by the State agency or tribal organiza-tion for a period of 2 fiscal years.’’. (b) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECT FOR TRIBAL  O
RGANIZATIONS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECT .—The term ‘‘demonstration project’’ means the dem-onstration project established under para-graph (2). (B) F
OOD DISTRIBUTION PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘food distribution program’’ means the food distribution program on Indian reserva-tions carried out under section 4(b) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2013(b)). (C) I
NDIAN RESERVATION .—The term ‘‘In-dian reservation’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘reservation’’ in section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012). (D) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (E) S
ELF-DETERMINATION CONTRACT .—The term ‘‘self-determination contract’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (F) T
RIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘trib-al organization’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012). (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary shall establish a demonstration project under which 1 or more tribal organizations may enter into self-determination contracts to purchase agricultural commodities under the food distribution program for the Indian res-ervation of that tribal organization. (3) E
LIGIBILITY .— (A) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of the Interior and Indian tribes to determine the process and criteria under which a tribal organiza-tion may participate in the demonstration project. (B) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall select for participation in the demonstration project tribal organizations that— (i) are successfully administering the food distribution program of the tribal organiza-tion under section 4(b)(2)(B) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2013(b)(2)(B)); (ii) have the capacity to purchase agricul-tural commodities in accordance with para-graph (4) for the food distribution program of the tribal organization; and (iii) meet any other criteria determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Interior and Indian tribes. (4) P
ROCUREMENT OF AGRICULTURAL COM -
MODITIES .—Any agricultural commodities purchased by a tribal organization under the demonstration project shall— (A) be domestically produced; (B) supplant, not supplement, the type of agricultural commodities in existing food packages for that tribal organization; (C) be of similar or higher nutritional value as the type of agricultural commod-ities that would be supplanted in the exist-ing food package for that tribal organiza-tion; and (D) meet any other criteria determined by the Secretary. (5) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report describing the activities carried out under the demonstration project during the preceding year. (6) F
UNDING .— (A) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this subsection $5,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. (B) A
PPROPRIATIONS IN ADVANCE .—Only funds appropriated under subparagraph (A) in advance specifically to carry out this sub-section shall be available to carry out this subsection. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(v) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Indian Self-Determination Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)’’. 
SEC. 4103. WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR SUPPLE-MENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) W ORK REQUIREMENTS FOR ABLE-BODIED  A
DULTS WITHOUT DEPENDENTS .—Section 6 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking the second sentence; (ii) by striking ‘‘, as amended’’ each place it appears; (iii) by striking ‘‘(F) a person’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(vi) a person’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘(E) employed’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(v) employed’’; (v) by striking ‘‘(D) a regular’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(iv) a regular’’; (vi) by striking ‘‘(C) a bona fide student’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) a bona fide student’’; (vii) by striking ‘‘(B) a parent’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(ii) a parent’’; (viii) by striking ‘‘(A) currently’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) currently’’; and (ix) by striking ‘‘(2) A person who’’ and all that follows through ‘‘if he or she is’’ insert-ing the following: ‘‘(E) E
XEMPTIONS .—A person who otherwise would be required to comply with the re-quirements of subparagraphs (A) through (D) shall be exempt from such requirements if the person is—’’; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as amended by subparagraph (A)) the following: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL WORK REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF WORK PROGRAM .—In this paragraph, the term ‘work program’ means— ‘‘(i) a program under title I of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act; ‘‘(ii) a program under section 236 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296); ‘‘(iii) a program of employment and train-ing operated or supervised by a State or po-litical subdivision of a State that meets standards approved by the Governor of the State, including a program under paragraph (4), other than a job search program or a job search training program; and ‘‘(iv) a workforce partnership under para-graph (4)(N). ‘‘(B) WORK REQUIREMENT .—Subject to the other provisions of this paragraph, no indi-vidual shall be eligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program as a member of any household if, during the preceding 36-month period, the individual re-ceived supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits for not less than 3 months (consecutive or otherwise) during which the individual did not— ‘‘(i) work 20 hours or more per week, aver-aged monthly; ‘‘(ii) participate in and comply with the re-quirements of a work program for 20 hours or more per week, as determined by the State agency; ‘‘(iii) participate in and comply with the requirements of a program under section 20 or a comparable program established by a State or political subdivision of a State; or ‘‘(iv) receive benefits pursuant to subpara-graph (C), (D), (E), or (F). ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (B) shall not apply to an individual if the individual is— ‘‘(i) under 18 or over 50 years of age; ‘‘(ii) medically certified as physically or mentally unfit for employment; ‘‘(iii) a parent or other member of a house-hold with responsibility for a dependent child; ‘‘(iv) otherwise exempt under paragraph (1)(E); or ‘‘(v) a pregnant woman. ‘‘(D) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the request of a State agency, the Secretary may waive the appli-cability of subparagraph (B) to any group of individuals in the State if the Secretary makes a determination that the area in which the individuals reside— ‘‘(I) has an unemployment rate of over 10 percent; or ‘‘(II) does not have a sufficient number of jobs to provide employment for the individ-uals. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall report the basis for a waiver under clause (i) to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate. ‘‘(E) S
UBSEQUENT ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) R
EGAINING ELIGIBILITY .—An individual denied eligibility under subparagraph (B) shall regain eligibility to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program if, during a 30-day period, the individual— ‘‘(I) works 80 or more hours; ‘‘(II) participates in and complies with the requirements of a work program for 80 or more hours, as determined by a State agen-cy; or ‘‘(III) participates in and complies with the requirements of a program under section 20 or a comparable program established by a State or political subdivision of a State. ‘‘(ii) M
AINTAINING ELIGIBILITY .—An indi- vidual who regains eligibility under clause (i) shall remain eligible as long as the indi-vidual meets the requirements of clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(iii) L
OSS OF EMPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—An individual who re-gained eligibility under clause (i) and who no longer meets the requirements of clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (B) shall remain eligible for a consecutive 3-month period, be-ginning on the date the individual first noti-fies the State agency that the individual no longer meets the requirements of clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4550 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(II) L IMITATION .—An individual shall not receive any benefits pursuant to subclause (I) for more than a single 3-month period in any 36-month period. ‘‘(F) 15-
PERCENT EXEMPTION .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) C
ASELOAD .—The term ‘caseload’ means the average monthly number of individuals receiving supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits during the 12-month period ending the preceding June 30. ‘‘(II) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘cov-ered individual’ means a member of a house-hold that receives supplemental nutrition as-sistance program benefits, or an individual denied eligibility for supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits solely due to subparagraph (B), who— ‘‘(aa) is not eligible for an exception under subparagraph (C); ‘‘(bb) does not reside in an area covered by a waiver granted under subparagraph (D); ‘‘(cc) is not complying with clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (B); ‘‘(dd) is not receiving supplemental nutri-tion assistance program benefits during the 3 months of eligibility provided under sub-paragraph (B); and ‘‘(ee) is not receiving supplemental nutri-tion assistance program benefits under sub-paragraph (E). ‘‘(ii) G
ENERAL RULE .—Subject to clauses (iii) through (vii), a State agency may pro-vide an exemption from the requirements of subparagraph (B) for covered individuals. ‘‘(iii) F
ISCAL YEAR 1998 .—Subject to clauses (v) and (vii), for fiscal year 1998, a State agency may provide a number of exemptions such that the average monthly number of the exemptions in effect during the fiscal year does not exceed 15 percent of the num-ber of covered individuals in the State in fis-cal year 1998, as estimated by the Secretary, based on the survey conducted to carry out section 16(c) for fiscal year 1996 and such other factors as the Secretary considers ap-propriate due to the timing and limitations of the survey. ‘‘(iv) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—Subject to clauses (v) through (vii), for fiscal year 1999 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State agency may provide a number of exemptions such that the average monthly number of the exemptions in effect during the fiscal year does not exceed 15 percent of the num-ber of covered individuals in the State, as es-timated by the Secretary under clause (iii), adjusted by the Secretary to reflect changes in the State’s caseload and the Secretary’s estimate of changes in the proportion of members of households that receive supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits covered by waivers granted under sub-paragraph (D). ‘‘(v) C
ASELOAD ADJUSTMENTS .—The Sec-retary shall adjust the number of individuals estimated for a State under clause (iii) or (iv) during a fiscal year if the number of members of households that receive supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits in the State varies from the State’s case-load by more than 10 percent, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(vi) E
XEMPTION ADJUSTMENTS .—During fis-cal year 1999 and each subsequent fiscal year, the Secretary shall increase or decrease the number of individuals who may be granted an exemption by a State agency under this subparagraph to the extent that the average monthly number of exemptions in effect in the State for the preceding fiscal year under this subparagraph is lesser or greater than the average monthly number of exemptions estimated for the State agency for such pre-ceding fiscal year under this subparagraph. ‘‘(vii) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—A State agency shall submit such reports to the Sec-retary as the Secretary determines are nec-essary to ensure compliance with this sub-paragraph. ‘‘(G) OTHER PROGRAM RULES .—Nothing in this paragraph shall make an individual eli-gible for benefits under this Act if the indi-vidual is not otherwise eligible for benefits under the other provisions of this Act.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (o). (b) E
MPLOYMENT AND TRAINING PROGRAMS  T
HAT MEET STATE AND LOCAL WORKFORCE  N
EEDS .—Section 6(d)(4) of the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(d)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the State workforce development board, or, if the State demonstrates that consultation with private employers or employer organi-zations would be more effective or efficient, in consultation with private employers or employer organizations,’’ after ‘‘designed by the State agency’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘that will increase their ability to obtain regular employment.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘that will— ‘‘(I) increase the ability of the household members to obtain regular employment; and ‘‘(II) meet State or local workforce needs.’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and imple-mented to meet the purposes of clause (i)’’ after ‘‘under this paragraph’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (iv), by redesignating sub-clauses (I) and (II) as items (aa) and (bb), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (B) by redesignating clauses (i) through (vii) and clause (viii) as subclauses (I) through (VII) and subclause (IX), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (C) by inserting after subclause (VII) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(VIII) Programs or activities described in subclauses (I) through (XII) of clause (iv) of section 16(h)(1)(F) that the Secretary deter-mines, based on the results of the applicable independent evaluations conducted under clause (vii)(I) of that section, are effective at increasing employment or earnings for households participating in a pilot project under that section.’’; (D) in the matter preceding subclause (I) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘this subparagraph’’ and in-serting ‘‘this clause’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and a program containing a component under subclause (I) shall con-tain at least 1 additional component’’ before the colon; and (iii) by striking ‘‘(B) For purposes of this Act, an’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: ‘‘(i) E
MPLOYMENT AND TRAINING PROGRAM .— The term’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) W
ORKFORCE PARTNERSHIP .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘workforce partnership’ means a program that— ‘‘(aa) is operated by a private employer, an organization representing private employers, or a nonprofit organization providing serv-ices relating to workforce development; ‘‘(bb) the Secretary or the State agency certifies— ‘‘(AA) subject to subparagraph (N)(ii), would assist participants who are members of households participating in the supple-mental nutrition assistance program in gain-ing high-quality, work-relevant skills, train-ing, work, or experience that will increase the ability of the participants to obtain reg-ular employment; ‘‘(BB) subject to subparagraph (N)(ii), would provide participants with not fewer than 20 hours per week of training, work, or experience under subitem (AA); ‘‘(CC) would not use any funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act; ‘‘(DD) would provide sufficient informa-tion, on request by the State agency, for the State agency to determine that participants who are members of households participating in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram are fulfilling any applicable work re-quirement under this subsection; ‘‘(EE) would be willing to serve as a ref-erence for participants who are members of households participating in the supple-mental nutrition assistance program for fu-ture employment or work-related programs; and ‘‘(FF) meets any other criteria established by the Secretary, on the condition that the Secretary shall not establish any additional criteria that would impose significant paper-work burdens on the workforce partnership; and ‘‘(cc) is in compliance with the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), if applicable. ‘‘(II) INCLUSION .—The term ‘workforce partnership’ includes a multistate pro-gram.’’; (3) in subparagraph (E)— (A) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Such requirements’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) V
ARIATION .—The requirements under clause (i)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(E) Each State’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(E) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PARTICIPATION FOR  
CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each State’’; and (C) adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION TO WORKFORCE PARTNER -
SHIPS .—To the extent that a State agency re-quires an individual to participate in an em-ployment and training program, the State agency shall consider an individual partici-pating in a workforce partnership to be in compliance with the employment and train-ing requirements.’’; (4) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘(B)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)(i)(V)’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(N) W
ORKFORCE PARTNERSHIPS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A work registrant may participate in a workforce partnership to comply with the requirements of paragraph (1)(A)(ii) and paragraph (2). ‘‘(ii) C
ERTIFICATION .—In certifying that a program meets the requirements of subitems (AA) and (BB) of subparagraph (B)(ii)(I)(bb) to be certified as a workforce partnership, the Secretary or the State agency shall re-quire that the program submit to the Sec-retary or State agency sufficient informa-tion that describes— ‘‘(I) the services and activities of the pro-gram that would provide participants with not fewer than 20 hours per week of training, work, or experience under those subitems; and ‘‘(II) how the program would provide serv-ices and activities described in subclause (I) that would directly enhance the employ-ability or job readiness of the participant. ‘‘(iii) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—A State agency may use a workforce partnership to supplement, not to supplant, the employ-ment and training program of the State agency. ‘‘(iv) P
ARTICIPATION .—A State agency may provide information on workforce partner-ships, if available, to any member of a house-hold participating in the supplemental nutri-tion assistance program, but may not re-quire any member of a household to partici-pate in a workforce partnership. ‘‘(v) E
FFECT .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A workforce partnership shall not replace the employment or training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4551 June 27, 2018 
of an individual not participating in the workforce partnership. ‘‘(II) S
ELECTION .—Nothing in this sub-section affects the criteria or screening proc-ess for selecting participants by a workforce partnership. ‘‘(vi) L
IMITATION ON REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In carrying out this subparagraph, the Secretary and each applicable State agency shall limit the reporting require-ments of a workforce partnership to— ‘‘(I) on notification that an individual is receiving supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits, notifying the applicable State agency that the individual is partici-pating in the workforce partnership; ‘‘(II) identifying participants who have completed or are no longer participating in the workforce partnership; ‘‘(III) identifying changes to the workforce partnership that result in the workforce partnership no longer meeting the certifi-cation requirements of the Secretary or the State agency under subparagraph (B)(ii)(I)(bb); and ‘‘(IV) providing sufficient information, on request by the State agency, for the State agency to verify that a participant is ful-filling any applicable work requirements under this subsection. ‘‘(O) R
EFERRAL OF CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with such regulations as may be issued by the Sec-retary, with respect to any individual who is not eligible for an exemption under para-graph (1)(E) and who is determined by an em-ployment and training program component to be ill-suited to participate in the employ-ment and training program component, the State agency shall— ‘‘(I) refer the individual to an appropriate employment and training program compo-nent; ‘‘(II) refer the individual to an appropriate workforce partnership, if available; ‘‘(III) reassess the physical and mental fit-ness of the individual under paragraph (1)(A); or ‘‘(IV) to the maximum extent practicable, coordinate with other Federal, State, or local workforce or assistance programs to identify work opportunities or assistance for the individual. ‘‘(ii) P
ROCESS .—In carrying out clause (i), the State agency shall ensure that an indi-vidual undergoing and complying with the process established under that clause shall not be found to have refused without good cause to participate in an employment and training program.’’. (c) U
PDATING WORK-RELATED PILOT P
ROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 16(h) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(h)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘6(o)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(2)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘6(o)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(2)(C)’’; and (bb) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘subpara-graph (B) or (C) of section 6(o)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘clause (ii) or (iii) of section 6(d)(2)(B)’’; and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) or (C) of sec-tion 6(o)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (ii) or (iii) of section 6(d)(2)(B)’’; (bb) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘6(o)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(2)(B)’’; (cc) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘6(o)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(2)(C)’’; (dd) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘6(o)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(2)(D)’’; and (ee) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘6(o)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(2)(F)’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (F)— (I) in clause (ii)(III)(ee)(AA), by striking ‘‘6(o)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(2)’’; (II) in clause (viii)— (aa) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘September 30, 2023, for— ‘‘(aa) the continuation of pilot projects being carried out under this subparagraph as of the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, if the pilot projects meet the limitations described in subclause (II); and ‘‘(bb) additional pilot projects authorized under clause (x).’’; and (bb) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) FUNDS FOR ADDITIONAL PILOT  
PROJECTS .—From amounts made available under section 18(a)(1), the Secretary shall use to carry out clause (x) $92,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, to remain avail-able until expended.’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(x) A
UTHORITY TO CARRY OUT ADDITIONAL  
PILOT PROJECTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of funds under clause (viii), the Sec-retary may carry out 8 or more additional pilot projects using a competitive grant process. ‘‘(II) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as otherwise provided in this clause, a pilot project under this clause shall meet the criteria described in clauses (i), (ii)(II)(bb), and (iii) through (vi) and items (aa) through (dd) of clause (ii)(III). ‘‘(III) E
VALUATION AND REPORTING .— ‘‘(aa) O
PTIONAL EVALUATION .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall have the option to conduct an independent longitudinal evaluation of pilot projects car-ried out under this clause, in accordance with clause (vii)(I). ‘‘(BB) Q
UALIFYING CRITERIA .—If the Sec-retary determines to conduct an independent longitudinal evaluation under subitem (AA), to be eligible to participate in a pilot project under this clause, a State agency shall agree to participate in the evaluation described in clause (vii), including providing evidence that the State has a robust data collection system for program administration and is cooperating to make available State data on the employment activities and post-partici-pation employment, earnings, and public benefit receipt of participants to ensure proper and timely evaluation. ‘‘(bb) R
EPORTING .—If the Secretary deter-mines not to conduct an independent longi-tudinal evaluation under item (aa), subject to such terms and conditions as the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate and not less frequently than annually, each State agency participating in a pilot project car-ried out under this clause shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes the results of the pilot project. ‘‘(IV) V
OLUNTARY ACTIVITIES .—Except as provided in subclause (VIII), employment and training activities under a pilot project carried out under this clause shall be vol-untary for work registrants. ‘‘(V) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to partici-pate in a pilot project carried out under this clause, a State agency shall commit to maintain at least the amount of State fund-ing for employment and training programs and services under paragraphs (2) and (3) and under section 20 as the State expended for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(VI) L
IMITATION .—In carrying out pilot projects under this clause, the Secretary shall not be subject to the limitation de-scribed in clause (viii)(II)(aa). ‘‘(VII) PRIORITY .—In selecting pilot projects under this clause, the Secretary may give priority to pilot projects that— ‘‘(aa) are targeted to— ‘‘(AA) individuals 50 years of age or older; ‘‘(BB) formerly incarcerated individuals; ‘‘(CC) individuals participating in a sub-stance abuse treatment program. ‘‘(DD) homeless individuals; ‘‘(EE) people with disabilities seeking to enter the workforce; or 1 ‘‘(FF) other individuals with substantial barriers to employment; or ‘‘(bb) support employment and workforce participation through an integrated and fam-ily-focused approach in providing supportive services. ‘‘(VIII) P
ILOT PROJECTS FOR MANDATORY  
PARTICIPATION IN EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  
ACTIVITIES .—A State agency may be eligible to participate in a pilot project under this clause to test programs that assign work registrants to mandatory participation in employment and training activities, on the conditions that— ‘‘(aa) the pilot project provides individual-ized case management designed to help re-move barriers to employment for partici-pants; and ‘‘(bb) a work registrant is not assigned to employment and training activities pri-marily consisting of job search, job search training, or workforce activities.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘section 6(d)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘this paragraph’’; and (II) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (ii), by redesignating sub-clauses (I) and (II) as items (aa) and (bb), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (II) in clause (iv)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘clause (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-clause (III)’’; (bb) in subclause (IV)— (AA) in item (cc), by striking ‘‘section 6(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; and (BB) by redesignating items (aa) through (cc) as subitems (AA) through (CC), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; and (cc) by redesignating subclauses (I) through (V) as items (aa) through (ee), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (III) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iv) as subclauses (I) through (IV), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(V) S
TATE OPTION .—The State agency may report relevant data from a workforce part-nership carried out under subparagraph (N) to demonstrate the number of program par-ticipants served by the workforce partner-ship.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (II) in clause (iv)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(E)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (E) of section 16(h)(1)’’; and (BB) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘that section’’; (bb) in subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(E)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 16(h)(1)(E)(ii)’’; and (BB) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 6(o)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (ii) or (iii) of paragraph (2)(B)’’; (cc) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘para-graph (1)(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 16(h)(1)(E)’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4552 June 27, 2018 
(dd) by redesignating subclauses (I) through (III) as items (aa) through (cc), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (III) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv) as subclauses (I), (II), (IV), and (VI), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (IV) by inserting after subclause (II) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(III) that the State agency has consulted with the State workforce board or, if appro-priate, private employers or employer orga-nizations, in the design of the employment and training program;’’; and (V) by inserting after subclause (IV) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(V) that the employment and training program components of the State agency are responsive to State or local workforce needs; and’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (ii)’’; (v) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘or that the employment and training program is not adequately meeting State or local workforce needs’’ after ‘‘is inadequate’’; (vi) in subparagraph (F)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2020’’; (II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (III) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (IV) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; and (V) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) are meeting State or local workforce needs.’’; (vii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (F) (as so amended) as clauses (i) through (vi), respectively, and indenting ap-propriately; and (viii) by redesignating the paragraph as subparagraph (P), indenting the subpara-graph appropriately, and moving the sub-paragraph so as to appear after subparagraph (O) of section 6(d)(4) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(d)(4)) (as added by subsection (b)(5)). (2) R
ESEARCH , DEMONSTRATION , AND EVAL -
UATIONS .—Section 17 of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); (ii) by striking ‘‘(b)(1)(A) The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS ; P ILOT P
ROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (iii) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (I) in subparagraph (D)— (aa) in clause (i), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; (bb) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘clause (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’; and (cc) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘clause (i)(III)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(iii)’’; (II) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as paragraph (4), and indenting appropriately; (III) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘(C)(i) No waiver’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) R
ESTRICTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No waiver’’; (IV) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (i), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; (bb) in clause (ii)— (AA) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (BB) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; (cc) in clause (iii), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; (dd) in clause (iv)— (AA) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; (BB) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this subparagraph’’ and in-serting ‘‘August 22, 1996’’; (CC) in subclause (III)(aa), by striking ‘‘3(n)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(q)’’; (DD) in subclause (III)(dd), by striking ‘‘(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1)(E)(ii)’’; (EE) in subclause (III)(ii), by striking ‘‘this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; and (FF) in subclause (IV)(bb), by striking ‘‘this subclause’’ and inserting ‘‘this clause’’; and (ee) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘this para-graph’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; and (V) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as paragraph (2) and indenting appropriately; (iv) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated)— (I) by redesignating clauses (i) through (vi) as subparagraphs (A) through (F), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (II) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesig-nated), by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (III) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesig-nated), by redesignating subclauses (I) through (IV) as clauses (i) through (iv), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (IV) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-nated), by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (V) in subparagraph (D) (as so redesig-nated)— (aa) by redesignating subclauses (I) through (VII) as clauses (i) through (vii), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (bb) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by redesignating items (aa) through (jj) as sub-clauses (I) through (X), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; and (cc) in clause (iv) (as so redesignated), by redesignating items (aa) and (bb) as sub-clauses (I) and (II), respectively, and indent-ing appropriately; (v) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (I) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesig-nated)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this subparagraph’’ and inserting ‘‘November 28, 1990’’; and (bb) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘(ii) Clause (i)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) APPLICATION .—Subparagraph (A)’’; and (II) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesig-nated), by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (vi) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (I) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; and (II) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesig-nated), by redesignating subclauses (I) through (IV) as clauses (i) through (iv), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (B) by striking subsection (d); (C) by redesignating subsections (e) through (l) as subsections (d) through (k), re-spectively; and (D) in subsection (e) (as so redesignated), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 18 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2027) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) RESTRICTION .—No funds authorized to be appropriated under this Act shall be used to operate a workforce partnership under section 6(d)(4)(N).’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 5(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(a)) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘(d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)(1)(E)’’. (2) Section 6(i)(3) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(i)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)(1)’’. (3) Section 7(h)(6) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(6)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘17(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘17(e)’’. (4) Section 7(i)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(i)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘6(o)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘6(d)(2)(B)’’. (5) Section 7(j)(1)(G) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(j)(1)(G)) is amended by striking ‘‘17(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘17(e)’’. (6) Section 11(n) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(n)) is amended by striking ‘‘17(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘17(b)’’. (7) Section 16(b)(4) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(b)(4)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 6(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6(d)(1)’’. (8) Section 20(b)(1) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2029(b)(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘clause (B), (C), (D), (E), or (F) of section 6(d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), or (vi) of section 6(d)(1)(E)’’. (9) Section 103(a)(2)(D) of the Workforce In-novation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3113(a)(2)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 6(o) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(o))’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2) of section 6(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(d))’’. (10) Section 121(b)(2)(B)(iv) of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3151(b)(2)(B)(iv)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 6(o) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(o))’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2) of section 6(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(d))’’. (11) Section 23(b)(7)(D)(ii) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769d(b)(7)(D)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 17(b)(1)(B) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026(b)(1)(B))’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2) of section 17(b) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026(b))’’. (12) Section 24(g)(3)(C) of the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769e(g)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 17(b)(1)(B) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026(b)(1)(B))’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2) of section 17(b) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026(b))’’. 
SEC. 4104. IMPROVEMENTS TO ELECTRONIC BEN-EFIT TRANSFER SYSTEM. 
(a) P ROHIBITED FEES.—Section 7 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)(2)(C), in the subpara-graph heading, by striking ‘‘I
NTERCHANGE ’’ and inserting ‘‘P
ROHIBITED ’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking paragraph (13) and inserting the following: ‘‘(13) P
ROHIBITED FEES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF SWITCHING .—In this paragraph, the term ‘switching’ means the routing of an intrastate or interstate trans-action that consists of transmitting the de-tails of a transaction electronically recorded through the use of an EBT card in 1 State to the issuer of the card in— ‘‘(i) the same State; or ‘‘(ii) another State. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(i) I
NTERCHANGE FEES .—No interchange fee shall apply to an electronic benefit trans-fer transaction under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) O
THER FEES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4553 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—No fee charged by a ben-efit issuer (including any affiliate of a ben-efit issuer), or by any agent or contractor when acting on behalf of such benefit issuer, to a third party relating to the switching or routing of benefits to the same benefit issuer (including any affiliate of the benefit issuer) shall apply to an electronic benefit transfer transaction under this subsection. ‘‘(II) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The prohibition under subclause (I) shall be effective through fiscal year 2022.’’. (b) EBT P
ORTABILITY .—Section 7(f)(5) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(f)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) O
PERATION OF INDIVIDUAL POINT OF  
SALE DEVICE BY FARMERS ’ MARKETS AND DI -
RECT MARKETING FARMERS .—A farmers’ mar-ket or direct marketing farmer that is ex-empt under paragraph (2)(B)(i) shall be al-lowed to operate an individual electronic benefit transfer point of sale device at more than 1 location under the same supplemental nutrition assistance program authorization, if— ‘‘(i) the farmers’ market or direct mar-keting farmer provides to the Secretary in-formation on location and hours of operation at each location; and ‘‘(ii)(I) the point of sale device used by the farmers’ market or direct marketing farmer is capable of providing location information of the device through the electronic benefit transfer system; or ‘‘(II) if the Secretary determines that the technology is not available for a point of sale device to meet the requirement under sub-clause (I), the farmers’ market or direct mar-keting farmer provides to the Secretary any other information, as determined by the Sec-retary, necessary to ensure the integrity of transactions processed using the point of sale device.’’. (c) E
VALUATION OF STATE ELECTRONIC BEN-
EFIT TRANSFER SYSTEMS .—Section 7(h) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) GAO 
EVALUATION AND STUDY OF STATE  
ELECTRONIC BENEFIT TRANSFER SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(A) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Comptroller General of the United States (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Comptroller General’) shall evaluate for each electronic benefit transfer system of a State agency selected in accordance with clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) any type of fee charged— ‘‘(aa) by the benefit issuer (or an affiliate, agent, or contractor of the benefit issuer) of the State agency for electronic benefit transfer-related services, including elec-tronic benefit transfer-related services that did not exist before February 7, 2014; and ‘‘(bb) to any retail food stores, including retail food stores that are exempt under sub-section (f)(2)(B)(i) for electronic benefit transfer-related services; ‘‘(II) in consultation with the Secretary and the retail food stores within the State, any electronic benefit transfer system out-ages affecting the EBT cards of the State agency; ‘‘(III) in consultation with the Secretary, any type of entity that— ‘‘(aa) provides electronic benefit transfer equipment and related services to the State agency, any benefit issuers of the State agency, or any retail food stores within the State; ‘‘(bb) routes or switches transactions through the electronic benefit transfer sys-tem of the State agency; or ‘‘(cc) has access to transaction information in the electronic benefit transfer system of the State agency; and ‘‘(IV) in consultation with the Secretary, any emerging entities, services, or tech-nologies in use with respect to the electronic benefit transfer system of the State agency. ‘‘(ii) SELECTION CRITERIA .—The Comp-troller General shall select for evaluation under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) with respect to each benefit issuer that provides electronic benefit transfer-re-lated services to 1 or more State agencies, not fewer than 1 electronic benefit transfer system provided by that benefit issuer; and ‘‘(II) any electronic benefit transfer system of a State agency that has experienced sig-nificant or frequent outages during the 2- year period preceding the date of enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(B) S
TUDY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report based on the evaluation carried out under subparagraph (A) that includes— ‘‘(i) a description of the types of entities that— ‘‘(I) provide electronic benefit transfer equipment and related services to State agencies, benefit issuers, and retail food stores; ‘‘(II) route or switch transactions through electronic benefit transfer systems of State agencies; or ‘‘(III) have access to transaction informa-tion in electronic benefit transfer systems of State agencies; ‘‘(ii) a description of emerging entities, services, and technologies in use with re-spect to electronic benefit transfer systems of State agencies; and ‘‘(iii) a summary of— ‘‘(I) the types of fees charged— ‘‘(aa) by benefit issuers (or affiliates, agents, or contractors of benefit issuers) of State agencies for electronic benefit trans-fer-related services, including whether the types of fees existed before February 7, 2014; and ‘‘(bb) to any retail food stores, including retail food stores that are exempt under sub-section (f)(2)(B)(i) for electronic benefit transfer-related services; ‘‘(II)(aa) the causes of any electronic ben-efit transfer system outages affecting EBT cards; and ‘‘(bb) potential solutions to minimize the disruption of outages to participating house-holds. ‘‘(16) R
EVIEW OF EBT SYSTEMS REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall review for each electronic benefit transfer system of a State agency selected under clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) any contracts or other agreements be-tween the State agency and the benefit issuer of the State agency to determine— ‘‘(aa) the customer service requirements of the benefit issuer, including call center re-quirements; and ‘‘(bb) the consistency and compatibility of data provided by the benefit issuer to the Secretary for appropriate oversight of pos-sible fraudulent transactions; and ‘‘(II) the use of third-party applications that access the electronic benefit transfer system to provide electronic benefit transfer account information to participating house-holds. ‘‘(ii) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall select for the review under clause (i) not fewer than 5 electronic benefit transfer systems of State agencies, of which— ‘‘(I) with respect to each benefit issuer that provides electronic benefit transfer-re-lated services to 1 or more State agencies, not fewer than 1 shall be provided by that benefit issuer; and ‘‘(II) not more than 4 shall have experi-enced significant or frequent outages during the 2-year period preceding the date of enact-ment of this paragraph. ‘‘(B) REGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE .—Based on the study conducted by the Comptroller General of the United States under para-graph (15)(B) and the review conducted by the Secretary under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall promulgate such regulations or issue such guidance as the Secretary de-termines appropriate— ‘‘(i) to prohibit the imposition of any fee that is inconsistent with paragraph (13); ‘‘(ii) to minimize electronic benefit system outages; ‘‘(iii) to update procedures to handle elec-tronic benefit transfer system outages that minimize disruption to participating house-holds and retail food stores while protecting against fraud and abuse; ‘‘(iv) to develop cost-effective customer service standards for benefit issuers, includ-ing benefit issuer call centers or other cus-tomer service options equivalent to call cen-ters, that would ensure adequate customer service for participating households; ‘‘(v) to address the use of third-party appli-cations that access electronic benefit trans-fer systems to provide electronic benefit transfer account information to partici-pating households, including by establishing safeguards consistent with sections 9(c) and 11(e)(8) to protect the privacy of data relat-ing to participating households and approved retail food stores; and ‘‘(vi) to improve the reliability of elec-tronic benefit transfer systems. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report that includes a description of the effects, if any, on an electronic benefit transfer system of a State agency from the use of third-party applications that access the electronic ben-efit transfer system to provide electronic benefit transfer account information to par-ticipating households.’’. (d) A
PPROVAL OF RETAIL FOOD STORES .— Section 9 of the Food and Nutrition Act (7 U.S.C. 2018) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘No retail food store’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(D) V
ISIT REQUIRED .—No retail food store’’; (B) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Ap-proval’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) C
ERTIFICATE .—Approval’’; (C) in the second sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘food; and (D) the’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘food; ‘‘(iv) any information, if available, about the ability of the anticipated or existing electronic benefit transfer equipment and service provider of the applicant to provide sufficient information through the elec-tronic benefit transfer system to minimize the risk of fraudulent transactions; and ‘‘(v) the’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘concern; (C) whether’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘concern; ‘‘(iii) whether’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘applicant; (B) the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘applicant; ‘‘(ii) the’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4554 June 27, 2018 
(iv) by striking ‘‘following: (A) the nature’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘following: ‘‘(i) the nature’’; and (v) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘In determining’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In de- termining’’; and (D) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘(a)(1) Regulations’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION TO ACCEPT AND REDEEM  B
ENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Regulations’’; (2) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
LECTRONIC BENEFIT TRANSFER EQUIP -
MENT AND SERVICE PROVIDERS .—Before imple-menting clause (iv) of paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall issue guidance for retail food stores on how to select electronic benefit transfer equipment and service providers that are able to meet the requirements of that clause.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘records relating to electronic benefit transfer equipment and related serv-ices, transaction and redemption data pro-vided through the electronic benefit transfer system,’’ after ‘‘purchase invoices,’’. 
SEC. 4105. RETAIL INCENTIVES. 
Section 9 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2018) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) I
NCENTIVES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE INCENTIVE  
FOOD .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible incentive food’ means food that is— ‘‘(A) identified for increased consumption by the most recent Dietary Guidelines for Americans published under section 301 of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341); and ‘‘(B) a fruit, a vegetable, low-fat dairy, or a whole grain. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations to clarify the process by which an approved retail food store may seek a waiver to offer an incentive that may be used only for the purchase of eligible incen-tive food at the point of purchase to a house-hold purchasing food with benefits issued under this Act. ‘‘(B) R
EGULATIONS .—The regulations under subparagraph (A) shall establish a process under which an approved retail food store, prior to carrying out an incentive program under this subsection, shall provide to the Secretary information describing the incen-tive program, including— ‘‘(i) the types of incentives that will be of-fered; ‘‘(ii) the types of foods that will be incentivized for purchase; and ‘‘(iii) an explanation of how the incentive program intends to support meeting dietary intake goals. ‘‘(3) N
O LIMITATION ON BENEFITS .—A waiver granted under this subsection shall not be used to carry out any activity that limits the use of benefits under this Act or any other Federal nutrition law. ‘‘(4) E
FFECT .—Regulations promulgated under this subsection shall not affect any re-quirements under section 4405 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7517) or section 4304 of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, including the eligi-bility of a retail food store to participate in a project funded under those sections. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate an annual report describing the types of incentives approved under this sub-section.’’. SEC. 4106. REQUIRED ACTION ON DATA MATCH INFORMATION. 
Section 11(e) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (24), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (25), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(26) that for a household participating in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram, the State agency shall pursue clari-fication and verification, if applicable, of in-formation relating to the circumstances of the household received from data matches for the purpose of ensuring an accurate eligi-bility and benefit determination, only if the information— ‘‘(A) appears to present significantly con-flicting information from the information that was used by the State agency at the time of certification of the household; ‘‘(B) is obtained from data matches carried out under subsection (q), (r), or (w); or ‘‘(C)(i) is fewer than 60 days old relative to the current month of participation of the household; and ‘‘(ii) if accurate, would have been required to be reported by the household based on the reporting requirements assigned to the household by the State agency under section 6(c).’’. 
SEC. 4107. INCOME VERIFICATION. 
Section 17 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026) (as amended by section 4103(c)(2)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) P
ILOT PROJECTS FOR IMPROVING  E
ARNED INCOME VERIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Under such terms and conditions as the Secretary considers to be appropriate, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘pilot program’) under which not more than 8 States may carry out pilot projects to test strategies to improve the accuracy or ef-ficiency of the process for verification of earned income at certification and recertifi-cation of applicant households for the sup-plemental nutrition assistance program. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACT OPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program, prior to soliciting applications for pilot projects from State agencies, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(i) assess the availability of up-to-date earned income information from different commercial data service providers; and ‘‘(ii) make a determination regarding the overall cost-effectiveness to the Department of Agriculture and the State agencies admin-istering the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program of— ‘‘(I) the Secretary entering into a contract with a commercial data service provider to provide to State agencies carrying out pilot projects up-to-date earned income informa-tion for verification of the earned income at certification and recertification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program; ‘‘(II) the Secretary entering into an agree-ment with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to allow State agencies car-rying out pilot projects to verify earned in-come information at certification and recer-tification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State using up-to-date earned income information from a commercial data service provider under the electronic interface de-veloped by the State and used by the State Medicaid agency to verify income eligibility for the State Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); or ‘‘(III) a State agency carrying out a pilot project entering into a contract with a com-mercial data service provider to obtain up- to-date earned income information to verify the earned income at certification and recer-tification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State. ‘‘(B) AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO CON -
TRACTS .—If determined appropriate by the Secretary, the Secretary may, based on the cost-effectiveness determination described in subparagraph (A)(ii)— ‘‘(i) enter into a contract described in sub-clause (I) of that subparagraph; ‘‘(ii) enter into an agreement described in subclause (II) of that subparagraph; or ‘‘(iii) allow each State agency carrying out a pilot project to enter into a contract de-scribed in subclause (III) of that subpara-graph, on the condition that the Federal share of the cost of the contract shall not ex-ceed 75 percent of the total cost of the con-tract. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes the results of the assessment and determination under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) P
ILOT PROJECTS .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—A State agency seeking to carry out a pilot project under the pilot program shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require, including— ‘‘(i) an identification of the 1 or more pro-posed changes to the process for verifying earned income used by the State agency; ‘‘(ii) a description of how the proposed changes under clause (i) would meet the pur-pose described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(iii) a plan to evaluate how the proposed changes under clause (i) would improve the accuracy or efficiency of the verification of earned income at certification and recertifi-cation of applicant households for the sup-plemental nutrition assistance program in the State. ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall select to carry out pilot projects State agencies that, as determined by the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) do not have access to up-to-date earned income information for the verification of earned income at certification and recertification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State; ‘‘(ii) would be able to access and use, for the verification of earned income at certifi-cation and recertification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State, up-to-date earned income information used to deter-mine eligibility for another Federal assist-ance program; or ‘‘(iii) have cost-effective, innovative ap-proaches to verifying earned income that would improve the accuracy or efficiency of the verification of earned income at certifi-cation and recertification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State. ‘‘(4) G
RANTS .—The Secretary may make grants to a State agency to carry out a pilot project. ‘‘(5) E
FFECT ON OTHER REQUIREMENTS .—A pilot project carried out under this sub-section shall not alter the eligibility require-ments under section 5 or the reporting re-quirements under section 6(c). ‘‘(6) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the pilot program termi-nates under paragraph (8), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4555 June 27, 2018 
the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that de-scribes the results of the pilot projects car-ried out under the pilot program. ‘‘(7) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Out of funds made avail-able under section 18(a)(1), on October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall make available $10,000,000 to carry out this subsection, to re-main available until expended. ‘‘(B) C
OSTS.—The Secretary shall allocate not more than 10 percent of the amounts made available under subparagraph (A) to carry out subparagraphs (A) and (C) of para-graph (2) and paragraph (6). ‘‘(8) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate not later than September 30, 2022.’’. 
SEC. 4108. PILOT PROJECTS TO IMPROVE HEALTHY DIETARY PATTERNS RE-LATED TO FLUID MILK IN THE SUP-PLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 17 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026) (as amended by section 4107) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(m) P
ILOT PROJECTS TO IMPROVE HEALTHY  D
IETARY PATTERNS RELATED TO FLUID MILK C
ONSUMPTION AMONG PARTICIPANTS OR  H
OUSEHOLDS IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRI-
TION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM THATUNDER -CON-
SUME FLUID MILK.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF FLUID MILK .—In this sub-section, the term ‘fluid milk’ means cow milk, without flavoring or sweeteners, con-sistent with the most recent Dietary Guide-lines for Americans published under section 301 of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341), that is packaged in liquid form. ‘‘(2) P
ILOT PROJECTS .—The Secretary shall carry out, under such terms and conditions as the Secretary considers to be appropriate, pilot projects to develop and test methods that would increase the purchase of fluid milk, in a manner consistent with the most recent Dietary Guidelines for Americans published under section 301 of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341), by individuals or households participating in the supple-mental nutrition assistance program that under-consume fluid milk by providing an incentive for the purchase of fluid milk at the point of purchase to a household pur-chasing food with supplemental nutrition as-sistance program benefits. ‘‘(3) G
RANTS OR COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary may enter into com-petitively awarded cooperative agreements with, or provide grants to, a government agency or nonprofit organization for use in accordance with projects that meet the stra-tegic goals of this subsection, including al-lowing the government agency or nonprofit organization to award subgrants to retail food stores authorized under this Act. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to re-ceive a cooperative agreement or grant under this paragraph, a government agency or nonprofit organization shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(C) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—Pilot projects shall be evaluated against publicly dissemi-nated criteria that shall include— ‘‘(i) incorporation of a scientifically based strategy that is designed to improve diet quality through the increased purchase of fluid milk for participants or households in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram that under-consume fluid milk; ‘‘(ii) a commitment to a pilot project that allows for a rigorous outcome evaluation, in-cluding data collection; and ‘‘(iii) other criteria, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(D) USE OF FUNDS .—Funds provided under this paragraph shall not be used for any project that limits the use of benefits under this Act. ‘‘(E) D
URATION .—Each pilot project carried out under this subsection shall be in effect for not more than 24 months. ‘‘(4) P
ROJECTS .—Pilot projects carried out under paragraph (2) shall include projects to determine whether incentives for the pur-chase of fluid milk by individuals or house-holds participating in the supplemental nu-trition assistance program that under-con-sume fluid milk result in— ‘‘(A) improved nutritional outcomes for participating individuals or households; ‘‘(B) changes in purchasing and consump-tion of fluid milk among participating indi-viduals or households; or ‘‘(C) diets more closely aligned with healthy eating patterns consistent with the most recent Dietary Guidelines for Ameri-cans published under section 301 of the Na-tional Nutrition Monitoring and Related Re-search Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341). ‘‘(5) E
VALUATION AND REPORTING .— ‘‘(A) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(i) I
NDEPENDENT EVALUATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for an independent evaluation of projects selected under this subsection that measures the impact of the pilot program on health and nutrition as described in para-graphs (2) through (4). ‘‘(II) R
EQUIREMENT .—The independent eval-uation under subclause (I) shall use rigorous methodologies, particularly random assign-ment or other methods that are capable of producing scientifically valid information regarding which activities are effective. ‘‘(ii) C
OSTS.—The Secretary may use funds provided to carry out this subsection to pay costs associated with monitoring and evalu-ating each pilot project. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 90 days after the last day of fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter until the completion of the last evaluation under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that includes a description of— ‘‘(i) the status of each pilot project; ‘‘(ii) the results of the evaluation com-pleted during the previous fiscal year; and ‘‘(iii) to the maximum extent practicable— ‘‘(I) the impact of the pilot project on ap-propriate health, nutrition, and associated behavioral outcomes among households par-ticipating in the pilot project; ‘‘(II) baseline information relevant to the stated goals and desired outcomes of the pilot project; and ‘‘(III) equivalent information about similar or identical measures among control or com-parison groups that did not participate in the pilot project. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—In addition to the reporting requirements under subpara-graph (B), evaluation results shall be shared broadly to inform policy makers, service providers, other partners, and the public to promote wide use of successful strategies. ‘‘(6) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $20,000,000, to re-main available until expended. ‘‘(B) A
PPROPRIATIONS IN ADVANCE .—Only funds appropriated under subparagraph (A) in advance specifically to carry out this sub-section shall be available to carry out this subsection.’’. SEC. 4109. INTERSTATE DATA MATCHING TO PRE-VENT MULTIPLE ISSUANCES. 
Section 11 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(w) N
ATIONAL ACCURACY CLEARING -
HOUSE .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF INDICATION OF MULTIPLE  
ISSUANCE .—In this subsection, the term ‘indi-cation of multiple issuance’ means an indica-tion, based on a computer match, that bene-fits are being issued to an individual under the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram from more than 1 State simulta-neously. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an interstate data system, to be known as the ‘National Accuracy Clearing-house’, to prevent the simultaneous issuance of benefits to an individual by more than 1 State under the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program. ‘‘(B) D
ATA MATCHING .—The Secretary shall require that States make available to the National Accuracy Clearinghouse only such information as is necessary for the purpose described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) D
ATA PROTECTION .—The information made available by States under subpara-graph (B)— ‘‘(i) shall be used only for the purpose de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) shall not be retained for longer than is necessary to accomplish that purpose. ‘‘(3) I
SSUANCE OF INTERIM FINAL REGULA -
TIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations (which shall include interim final regula-tions) to carry out this subsection that— ‘‘(A) incorporate best practices and lessons learned from the pilot program under section 4032(c) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 2036c(c)); ‘‘(B) require a State to take appropriate action, as determined by the Secretary, with respect to each indication of multiple issuance or indication that an individual re-ceiving benefits in 1 State has applied to re-ceive benefits in another State, while ensur-ing timely and fair service to applicants for, and participants in, the supplemental nutri-tion assistance program; ‘‘(C) limit the information submitted through or retained by the National Accu-racy Clearinghouse to information necessary to accomplish the purpose described in para-graph (2)(A); ‘‘(D) establish safeguards to protect— ‘‘(i) the information submitted through or retained by the National Accuracy Clearing-house, including by limiting the period of time that information is retained to the pe-riod necessary to accomplish the purpose de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A); and ‘‘(ii) the privacy of information that is sub-mitted through or retained by the National Accuracy Clearinghouse, which shall in-clude— ‘‘(I) prohibiting any contractor who has ac-cess to information that is submitted through or retained by the National Accu-racy Clearinghouse from using that informa-tion for purposes not directly related to the purpose described in paragraph (2)(A); and ‘‘(II) other safeguards, consistent with sub-section (e)(8); ‘‘(E) establish a process by which a State shall— ‘‘(i) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this subsection, conduct a com-puter match using the National Accuracy Clearinghouse; ‘‘(ii) after the first computer match under clause (i), conduct computer matches on an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4556 June 27, 2018 
ongoing basis, as determined by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(iii) identify and take appropriate action, as determined by the Secretary, with respect to each indication of multiple issuance or in-dication that an individual receiving bene-fits in 1 State has applied to receive benefits in another State; and ‘‘(iv) protect the identity and location of a vulnerable individual (including a victim of domestic violence) that is an applicant to or participant of the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program; and ‘‘(F) include other rules and standards, as determined by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 4110. QUALITY CONTROL. 
(a) R ECORDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(a)(3)(B) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(a)(3)(B)) is amended in the matter pre-ceding clause (i) by inserting ‘‘and systems containing those records’’ after ‘‘subpara-graph (A)’’. (2) C
OST SHARING FOR COMPUTERIZATION .— Section 16(g)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(g)(1)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (F)(ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) would be accessible by the Secretary for inspection and audit under section 11(a)(3)(B); and’’. (b) Q
UALITY CONTROL SYSTEM .—Section 16(c)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(c)(1)) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) Q
UALITY CONTROL SYSTEM INTEGRITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall issue interim final regulations that— ‘‘(I) ensure that the quality control system established under this subsection produces valid statistical results; ‘‘(II) provide for oversight of contracts en-tered into by a State agency for the purpose of improving payment accuracy; ‘‘(III) ensure the accuracy of data collected under the quality control system established under this subsection; and ‘‘(IV) to the maximum extent practicable, for each fiscal year, evaluate the integrity of the quality control process of not fewer than 2 State agencies, selected in accordance with criteria determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) D
EBARMENT .—In accordance with the nonprocurement debarment procedures under part 417 of title 2, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or successor regulations), the Sec-retary shall bar any person that, in carrying out the quality control system established under this subsection, knowingly submits, or causes to be submitted, false information to the Secretary.’’. (c) E
LIMINATION OF STATE BONUSES FOR  E
RROR RATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 16(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(d)) is amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘S
TATE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS  
ANDBONUSES .—’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii) of subparagraph (B)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘With respect’’ and all that follows through the end of clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—With re- spect to fiscal year 2005 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall measure the performance of each State agency with re-spect to the criteria established under sub-paragraph (A)(i).’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘(ii) subject to paragraph (3),’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) PERFORMANCE BONUSES FOR FISCAL  
YEARS 2005 THROUGH 2017 .—With respect to each of fiscal years 2005 through 2017, subject to paragraph (3), the Secretary shall’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) P
ERFORMANCE BONUSES FOR FISCAL  
YEARS 2018 AND THEREAFTER .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, subject to subclause (II) and paragraph (3), the Secretary shall award performance bonus payments in the following fiscal year, in a total amount of $6,000,000 for each fiscal year, to State agencies that meet standards for high or most improved performance es-tablished by the Secretary under subpara-graph (A)(ii) for the measure of application processing timeliness. ‘‘(II) P
ERFORMANCE BONUS PAYMENTS FOR  
FISCAL YEAR 2018 PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall award performance bonus pay-ments in a total amount of $6,000,000 to State agencies in fiscal year 2019 for fiscal year 2018 performance, in accordance with sub-clause (I).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 16(i)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(i)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(as defined in subsection (d)(1))’’. 
SEC. 4111. REQUIREMENT OF LIVE-PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENTS FOR CERTAIN PILOT PROJECTS RELATING TO COST SHARING FOR COMPUTERIZA-TION. 
Section 16(g)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(g)(1)) (as amended by section 4110(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (F), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (G) as clauses (i) through (vii), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (3) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘in the planning’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘in the— ‘‘(A) planning’’; (4) in clause (v) (as so redesignated) of sub-paragraph (A) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘implementation, including through pilot projects in limited areas for major systems changes as determined under rules promul-gated by the Secretary, data from which’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘implementa-tion, including a requirement that— ‘‘(I) such testing shall be accomplished through pilot projects in limited areas for major systems changes (as determined under rules promulgated by the Secretary); ‘‘(II) each pilot project described in sub-clause (I) that is carried out before the im-plementation of a system shall be conducted in a live-production environment; and ‘‘(III) the data resulting from each pilot project carried out under this clause’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) operation of 1 or more automatic data processing and information retrieval systems that the Secretary determines may continue to be operated in accordance with clauses (i) through (vii) of subparagraph (A).’’. 
SEC. 4112. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 18(a)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2027(a)(1)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 4113. ASSISTANCE FOR COMMUNITY FOOD PROJECTS. 
Section 25(b)(2) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2034(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2015 through 2018; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’. 
SEC. 4114. NUTRITION EDUCATION STATE PLANS. 
Section 28(c) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036a(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subpara-graph (C), a’’ and inserting ‘‘A’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iii) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv); and (iv) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) describe how the State agency shall use an electronic reporting system that measures and evaluates the projects; and’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (C); (2) in paragraph (3)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, the Director of the National Institute of Food and Agri-culture,’’ before ‘‘and outside stakeholders’’; (3) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘the ex-panded food and nutrition education pro-gram or’’ before ‘‘other health promotion’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) R
EPORT .—The State agency shall sub-mit to the Secretary an annual evaluation report in accordance with regulations issued by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 4115. EMERGENCY FOOD ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S TATE PLAN.—Section 202A(b) of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7503(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) at the option of the State agency, de-scribe a plan of operation for 1 or more projects in partnership with 1 or more emer-gency feeding organizations located in the State to harvest, process, and package do-nated commodities received under section 203D(d); and ‘‘(6) describe a plan, which may include the use of a State advisory board established under subsection (c), that provides emer-gency feeding organizations or eligible re-cipient agencies within the State an oppor-tunity to provide input on the commodity preferences and needs of the emergency feed-ing organization or eligible recipient agen-cy.’’. (b) S
TATE AND LOCAL SUPPLEMENTATION OF  C
OMMODITIES .—Section 203D of the Emer-gency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7507) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) P
ROJECTS TO HARVEST , PROCESS , AND P
ACKAGE DONATED COMMODITIES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF PROJECT .—In this sub-section, the term ‘project’ means the har-vesting, processing, or packaging of unharvested, unprocessed, or unpackaged commodities donated by agricultural pro-ducers, processors, or distributors for use by emergency feeding organizations under sub-section (a). ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL FUNDING FOR PROJECTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4557 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (C) and paragraph (3), using funds made available under paragraph (5), the Secretary may provide funding to States to pay for the costs of carrying out a project. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project under subparagraph (A) shall not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the project. ‘‘(C) A
LLOCATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall allocate to States that have sub-mitted under section 202A(b)(5) a State plan describing a plan of operation for a project the funds made available under subparagraph (A) based on a formula determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) R
EALLOCATION .—If the Secretary de-termines that a State will not expend all of the funds allocated to the State for a fiscal year under clause (i), the Secretary shall re-allocate the unexpended funds to other States that have submitted under section 202A(b)(5) a State plan describing a plan of operation for a project during that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year, as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(iii) R
EPORTS .—Each State to which funds are allocated for a fiscal year under this sub-paragraph shall, on a regular basis, submit to the Secretary financial reports describing the use of the funds. ‘‘(3) P
ROJECT PURPOSES .—A State may only use Federal funds received under paragraph (2) for a project the purposes of which are— ‘‘(A) to reduce food waste at the agricul-tural production, processing, or distribution level through the donation of food; ‘‘(B) to provide food to individuals in need; and ‘‘(C) to build relationships between agri-cultural producers, processors, and distribu-tors and emergency feeding organizations through the donation of food. ‘‘(4) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary may encourage a State agency that carries out a project using Federal funds re-ceived under paragraph (2) to enter into co-operative agreements with State agencies of other States under section 203B(d) to maxi-mize the use of commodities donated under the project. ‘‘(5) F
UNDING .—Out of funds not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary to carry out this subsection $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until the end of the subsequent fiscal year.’’. (c) F
OOD WASTE .—Section 203D of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7507) (as amended by subsection (b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) F
OOD WASTE .—The Secretary shall issue guidance outlining best practices to minimize the food waste of the commodities donated under subsection (a).’’. (d) E
MERGENCY FOODPROGRAM INFRASTRUC -
TURE GRANTS .—Section 209(d) of the Emer-gency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7511a(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (e) A
VAILABILITY OF COMMODITIES FOR THE  E
MERGENCY FOOD ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— Section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iii) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2019, $23,000,000; ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2020, $35,000,000; ‘‘(vii) for fiscal year 2021, $35,000,000; ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2022, $35,000,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2023, $35,000,000; and’’; and (C) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘(D)(iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D)(ix)’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘June 30, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘June 30, 2023’’. SEC. 4116. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘7(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘7(h)’’; (2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘7(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘7(h)’’; and (3) in subsection (o)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘(r)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘(q)(1)’’. (b) Section 5(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘3(n)(4)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘3(m)(4)’’. (c) Section 8 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2017) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘3(n)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(m)(5)’’; and (2) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘3(n)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(m)(5)’’. (d) Section 9(c) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2018(c)) is amended in the third sentence by striking ‘‘to any used by’’ and inserting ‘‘to, and used by,’’. (e) Section 10 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2019) is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation’’ each place it appears; and (2) by striking ‘‘3(p)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(o)(4)’’. (f) Section 11 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘3(t)(1)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘3(s)(1)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘3(t)(2)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘3(s)(2)’’. (g) Section 18(e) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2027(e)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘7(f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘7(e)’’. (h) Section 25(a)(1)(B)(i)(I) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2034(a)(1)(B)(i)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘service;;’’ and inserting ‘‘service;’’. Subtitle B—Commodity Distribution Programs 
SEC. 4201. COMMODITY DISTRIBUTION PROGRAM. 
Section 4(a) of the Agriculture and Con-sumer Protection Act of 1973 (7 U.S.C. 612c note; Public Law 93–86) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4202. COMMODITY SUPPLEMENTAL FOOD PROGRAM. 
Section 5 of the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of 1973 (7 U.S.C. 612c note; Public Law 93–86) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in subsection (d)(2), in the first sen-tence, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (3) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking ‘‘Except’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF CERTIFICATION PERIOD .— In this paragraph, the term ‘certification pe-riod’ means the period during which a partic-ipant in the commodity supplemental food program in a State may continue to receive benefits under the commodity supplemental food program without a formal review of the eligibility of the participant. ‘‘(B) MINIMUM CERTIFICATION PERIOD .—Sub- ject to subparagraphs (C) and (D), a State shall establish for the commodity supple-mental food program of the State a certifi-cation period of— ‘‘(i) not less than 1 year; but ‘‘(ii) not more than 3 years. ‘‘(C) T
EMPORARY CERTIFICATION .—An eligi- ble individual in the commodity supple-mental food program in a State may be pro-vided with a temporary monthly certifi-cation to fill any caseload slot resulting from nonparticipation by other certified par-ticipants. ‘‘(D) A
PPROVALS .—A certification period of more than 1 year established by a State under subparagraph (B) shall be subject to the approval of the Secretary, who shall ap-prove such a certification period on the con-dition that, with respect to each participant receiving benefits under the commodity sup-plemental food program of the State, the local agency in the State administering the commodity supplemental food program, on an annual basis during the certification pe-riod applicable to the participant— ‘‘(i) verifies the address and continued in-terest of the participant; and ‘‘(ii) has sufficient reason to determine that the participant still meets the income eligibility standards under paragraph (1), which may include a determination that the participant has a fixed income.’’. 
SEC. 4203. DISTRIBUTION OF SURPLUS COMMOD-ITIES; SPECIAL NUTRITION PROJECTS. 
Section 1114(a)(2)(A) of the Agriculture and Food Act of 1981 (7 U.S.C. 1431e(a)(2)(A)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 4301. PURCHASE OF SPECIALTY CROPS. 
Section 10603(b) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 612c– 4(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4302. SENIORS FARMERS’ MARKET NUTRI-TION PROGRAM. 
Section 4402(a) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 3007(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4303. THE GUS SCHUMACHER FOOD INSECU-RITY NUTRITION INCENTIVE. 
Section 4405 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7517) is amend-ed— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
FOOD ’’ and inserting ‘‘ THE GUS SCHUMACHER  
FOOD ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (L) and inserting ‘‘means a governmental agency or nonprofit organization.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘means the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘means— ‘‘(A) the’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) the programs for nutrition assistance under section 19 of that Act (7 U.S.C. 2028).’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4558 June 27, 2018 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) P
ARTNERS AND COLLABORATORS .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under this subsection may partner with, or make subgrants to, public, private, nonprofit, or for-profit entities, including— ‘‘(i) an emergency feeding organization; ‘‘(ii) an agricultural cooperative; ‘‘(iii) a producer network or association; ‘‘(iv) a community health organization; ‘‘(v) a public benefit corporation; ‘‘(vi) an economic development corpora-tion; ‘‘(vii) a farmers’ market; ‘‘(viii) a community-supported agriculture program; ‘‘(ix) a buying club; ‘‘(x) a retail food store participating in the supplemental nutrition assistance program; ‘‘(xi) a State, local, or tribal agency; ‘‘(xii) another eligible entity that receives a grant; and ‘‘(xiii) any other entity the Secretary des-ignates.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘Ex-cept as provided in subparagraph (D)(iii), the’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (D) (as so redesig-nated), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) T
RIBAL AGENCIES .—The Secretary may allow a tribal agency to use funds pro-vided to the Indian Tribe of the tribal agency through a Federal agency (including the In-dian Health Service) or other Federal benefit to satisfy all or part of the non-Federal share described in clause (i), if such use is otherwise consistent with the purpose of such funds.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘For purposes of’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘that’’ and inserting ‘‘To re-ceive a grant under this subsection, an eligi-ble entity shall’’; (II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘meets’’ and inserting ‘‘meet’’; and (III) in clause (ii)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘proposes’’ and inserting ‘‘pro-pose’’; (bb) by striking subclauses (II) and (III) and inserting the following: ‘‘(II) would increase the purchase of fruits and vegetables by low-income consumers participating in the supplemental nutrition assistance program by providing an incen-tive for the purchase of fruits and vegetables at the point of purchase to a household pur-chasing food with supplemental nutrition as-sistance program benefits; ‘‘(III) except in the case of projects receiv-ing $100,000 or less over 1 year, would meas-ure the purchase of fruits and vegetables by low-income consumers participating in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram;’’; (cc) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (dd) by striking subclause (V) and inserting the following: ‘‘(V) has adequate plans to collect data for reporting and agrees to provide that infor-mation for the report described in paragraph (5); and ‘‘(VI) would share information with the Training and Technical Assistance Centers and the Information and Evaluation Centers (as those terms are defined in paragraph (4)) for the purposes described in that para-graph.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking clause (v); (II) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (x); and (III) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(v) include a program design— ‘‘(I) that provides incentives when fruits or vegetables are purchased using supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits; and ‘‘(II) in which the incentives earned may be used only to purchase fruits or vegetables; ‘‘(vi) have demonstrated the ability to pro-vide services to underserved communities; ‘‘(vii) include coordination with multiple stakeholders, such as farm organizations, nutrition education programs, cooperative extension services, public health depart-ments, health providers, private and public health insurance agencies, cooperative gro-cers, grocery associations, and community- based and nongovernmental organizations; ‘‘(viii) offer supplemental services in high- need communities, including online order-ing, transportation between home and store, and delivery services; ‘‘(ix) include food retailers that are open— ‘‘(I) for extended hours; and ‘‘(II) most or all days of the year; or’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
CENTERS ; INFORMATION AND EVALUATION CEN -
TERS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) I
NFORMATION AND EVALUATION CEN -
TER.—The term ‘Information and Evaluation Center’ means any of the information and evaluation centers established under sub-paragraph (B)(i)(II). ‘‘(ii) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
CENTER .—The term ‘Training and Technical Assistance Center’ means any of the training and technical assistance centers established under subparagraph (B)(i)(I). ‘‘(B) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—To provide services to el-igible entities applying for or receiving a grant under this subsection or to partners or collaborators applying for or receiving a subgrant under paragraph (1)(B), the Sec-retary shall establish, in accordance with clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) 1 or more training and technical cen-ters, each of which shall be known as a ‘Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive Program Training and Technical Assistance Center’; and ‘‘(II) 1 or more information and evaluation centers, each of which shall be known as a ‘Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive Pro-gram Information and Evaluation Center’. ‘‘(ii) C
RITERIA .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish the Training and Technical Assist-ance Centers and the Information and Eval-uation Centers under clause (i) by desig-nating as a Training and Technical Assist-ance Center or an Information or Evaluation Center, as applicable, 1 or more entities that meet the criteria described in subclause (II) or (III), as applicable. ‘‘(II) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
CENTERS .—To be eligible to be designated as a Training and Technical Assistance Cen-ter— ‘‘(aa) an entity shall— ‘‘(AA) have the capacity to effectively im-plement and track outreach, training, and coordination functions; ‘‘(BB) be able to produce instructional ma-terials that can easily be replicated and dis-tributed through multiple formats; ‘‘(CC) have working relationships with nonprofit and private organizations, State and local governments, and tribal organiza-tions (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)); ‘‘(DD) have the ability to work in under-served or rural communities; and ‘‘(EE) have an organizational mission aligned with the needs of eligible entities re-ceiving grants under this subsection; or ‘‘(bb) for purposes of carrying out sub-clauses (VII) and (VIII) of subparagraph (C)(i), an entity shall— ‘‘(AA) have experience developing or sup-porting the development of point of sale technology; and ‘‘(BB) meet any other criteria, as deter-mined by the Secretary, to effectively carry out subclauses (VII) and (VIII) of subpara-graph (C)(i). ‘‘(III) INFORMATION AND EVALUATION CEN -
TERS .—To be eligible to be designated as an Information and Evaluation Center, an enti-ty shall— ‘‘(aa) have experience designing, creating, and maintaining an online, publicly search-able reporting and informational clearing-house; and ‘‘(bb) be able to conduct systematic anal-ysis of the impacts and outcomes of projects using a grant under this subsection. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICES .— ‘‘(i) T
RAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE  
CENTERS .—The Training and Technical As-sistance Centers shall provide services that include— ‘‘(I) assisting eligible entities applying for a grant or partners or collaborators applying for a subgrant under this subsection in— ‘‘(aa) assessing the food system in the geo-graphical area of the eligible entity; and ‘‘(bb) designing a proposed project; ‘‘(II) collecting and providing to eligible entities applying for or receiving a grant or to partners or collaborators applying for or receiving a subgrant under this subsection information on best practices from existing projects, including best practices regarding communications, signage, record-keeping, incentive instruments, integration with point of sale systems, and reporting; ‘‘(III) disseminating information and facili-tating communication among eligible enti-ties receiving a grant or partners or collabo-rators receiving a subgrant under this sub-section; ‘‘(IV)(aa) identifying common challenges faced by eligible entities receiving a grant or partners or collaborators receiving a subgrant under this subsection; and ‘‘(bb) coordinating the work towards solu-tions to those challenges; ‘‘(V) communicating with farms, direct to consumer markets, and grocery organiza-tions to share information and partner on projects using a grant or subgrant under this subsection; ‘‘(VI) assisting with collaboration among eligible entities receiving a grant or partners or collaborators receiving a subgrant under this subsection, State agencies, and the Food and Nutrition Service; ‘‘(VII) identifying and providing to eligible entities applying for or receiving a grant or partners or collaborators applying for or re-ceiving a subgrant under this subsection in-formation on point of sale technology that could reduce cost and increase efficiency of supplemental nutrition assistance program and incentive transaction processing at par-ticipating authorized retailers; ‘‘(VIII) supporting the development of the technology described in clause (VII); and ‘‘(IX) other services identified by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(ii) I
NFORMATION AND EVALUATION CEN -
TERS .—The Information and Evaluation Cen-ters shall provide services that include— ‘‘(I) using standard metrics based on out-come measures used for existing projects, and in collaboration with the Director of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture and the Administrator of the Food and Nu-trition Service, creating a system to collect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4559 June 27, 2018 
and compile core data sets from eligible enti-ties receiving a grant and partners or col-laborators receiving a subgrant, as appro-priate, under this subsection; ‘‘(II) beginning with fiscal year 2020, pre-paring an annual report with summary data and an evaluation of each project receiving a grant under this subsection during the fiscal year preceding the report, that includes the amount of grant funds used for the project and the measurement of the outcomes of the project, for submission to the Secretary; and ‘‘(III) other services identified by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(D) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—In carrying out this paragraph, the Secretary, on a competitive basis, shall make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with— ‘‘(i) State cooperative extension services; ‘‘(ii) nongovernmental organizations; ‘‘(iii) Federal, State, or tribal agencies; ‘‘(iv) 2-year and 4-year degree-granting in-stitutions of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) and land-grant col-leges and universities (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)); and ‘‘(v) other appropriate partners, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL EVALUATION AND REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Annually beginning with fiscal year 2020, the Secretary shall con-duct, and submit to Congress an evaluation of each project receiving a grant under this subsection, including— ‘‘(i) the results of the project; ‘‘(ii) the amount of grant funds used for the project; and ‘‘(iii) a measurement of the outcomes of the project. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The evaluation con-ducted under subparagraph (A) shall be based on uniform data provided by eligible entities receiving a grant under this subsection. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make the evaluation conducted under subparagraph (A), including the data pro-vided by eligible entities under subparagraph (B), publicly available online in an anonymized format that protects confiden-tial, personal, or other sensitive data. ‘‘(D) R
EPORTING MECHANISM .—The Sec-retary shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, include eligible entities receiving a grant under this subsection, grocers, farm-ers, health professionals, researchers, and employees of the Department of Agriculture with direct experience with implementation of the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram in the design of— ‘‘(i) the instrument through which data will be collected from eligible entities under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) the mechanism for reporting by eligi-ble entities.’’; and (4) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use to carry out subsection (b) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter. ‘‘(3) C
OSTS.—Of the funds made available under paragraph (2) for a fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall allocate not more than 15 per-cent— ‘‘(A) to carry out paragraphs (4) and (5) of subsection (b); and ‘‘(B) to pay for the administrative costs of carrying out this section.’’. 
SEC. 4304. HARVESTING HEALTH PILOT PROJECTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (A) a nonprofit organization; or (B) a State or unit of local government. (2) HEALTHCARE PARTNER .—The term ‘‘healthcare partner’’ means a healthcare provider, including— (A) a hospital; (B) a Federally-qualified health center (as defined in section 1905(l) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(l))); (C) a hospital or clinic operated by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or (D) a health care provider group. (3) M
EMBER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘member’’ means, as determined by the applicable eligi-ble entity or healthcare partner carrying out a pilot project in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary— (i) an individual eligible for— (I) benefits under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.); or (II) medical assistance under a State plan or a waiver of such a plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) and enrolled under such plan or waiver; and (ii) a member of a low-income household that suffers from, or is at risk of developing, a diet-related health condition. (B) S
COPE OF ELIGIBILITY DETERMINA -
TIONS .—A determination by an eligible enti-ty or healthcare partner that an individual is a member for purposes of subparagraph (A) shall not— (i) constitute a determination that the in-dividual is eligible for benefits or assistance under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) or the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), as ap-plicable; or (ii) be a factor in determining whether the individual is eligible for such benefits or as-sistance. (4) P
ILOT PROJECT .—The term ‘‘pilot project’’ means a pilot project that is award-ed a grant under subsection (b)(1). (5) P
RODUCE PRESCRIPTION PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘produce prescription program’’ means a program that— (A) prescribes fresh fruits and vegetables to members; (B) may provide— (i) financial or non-financial incentives for members to purchase or procure fresh fruits and vegetables; and (ii) educational resources on nutrition to members; and (C) may establish additional accessible lo-cations for members to procure fresh fruits and vegetables. (b) G
RANT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a grant program under which the Secretary shall award grants to eligible enti-ties to conduct pilot projects that dem-onstrate and evaluate the impact of a produce prescription program on— (i) the improvement of dietary health through increased consumption of fruits and vegetables; (ii) the reduction of individual and house-hold food insecurity; and (iii) the reduction in health care use and associated costs. (B) H
EALTHCARE PARTNERS .—In carrying out a pilot project using a grant received under subparagraph (A), an eligible entity shall partner with 1 or more healthcare part-ners. (C) G
RANT APPLICATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a grant under subparagraph (A), an eligible en-tity shall submit to the Secretary an appli-cation containing such information as the Secretary may require, including the infor-mation described in clause (ii). (ii) APPLICATION .—An application under clause (i) shall— (I) identify the 1 or more healthcare part-ners with which the eligible entity is partnering under subparagraph (B); and (II) include— (aa) a description of the methods by which an eligible entity shall— (AA) screen and verify eligibility for mem-bers for participation in a produce prescrip-tion program, in accordance with procedures established under subsection (a)(3)(A); (BB) implement an effective produce pre-scription program, including the role of each healthcare partner in implementing the produce prescription program; (CC) evaluate members participating in a produce prescription program with respect to the issues described in clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (A); (DD) provide educational opportunities re-lating to nutrition to members participating in a produce prescription program; and (EE) inform members of the availability of the produce prescription pilot project; (bb) a description of any additional non-profit or emergency feeding organizations that shall be involved in the pilot project and the role of each additional nonprofit or emergency feeding organization in imple-menting and evaluating an effective produce prescription program; (cc) documentation of a partnership agree-ment with a relevant State Medicaid agency or other appropriate entity, as determined by the Secretary, to evaluate the effective-ness of a produce prescription program in re-ducing health care use and associated costs; and (dd) any other data necessary to analyze the impact of a produce prescription pro-gram, as determined by the Secretary. (2) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out the grant program established under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the heads of other appropriate Federal agen-cies that carry out activities relating to healthcare partners. (3) P
ARTNERSHIPS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the grant program under paragraph (1), the Secretary may enter into 1 or more memoranda of un-derstanding with a Federal agency, a State, or a private partner to ensure the effective implementation and evaluation of each pilot project. (B) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—A memorandum of understanding entered into under subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) a description of a plan to provide edu-cational opportunities relating to nutrition to members participating in the produce pre-scription program; (ii) a description of the role of the Federal agency, State, or private partner, as applica-ble, in implementing and evaluating an ef-fective produce prescription program; (iii) documentation of a partnership agree-ment with a relevant State Medicaid agency or other appropriate entity, as determined by the Secretary, to evaluate the effective-ness of the produce prescription program in reducing health care use and associated costs; and (iv) any other data necessary to analyze the impact of the produce prescription pro-gram, as determined by the Secretary. (c) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended. (2) C
OSTS.—The Secretary may use not greater than 10 percent of the amounts pro-vided under paragraph (1) to pay for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4560 June 27, 2018 
costs of administering, monitoring, and eval-uating each pilot project. TITLE V—CREDIT Subtitle A—Farm Ownership Loans 
SEC. 5101. MODIFICATION OF THE 3-YEAR EXPE-RIENCE REQUIREMENT FOR PUR-POSES OF ELIGIBILITY FOR FARM OWNERSHIP LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 302(b) of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1922(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘(not exceeding 2 years)’’ after ‘‘period of time’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) O
THER ACCEPTABLE EXPERIENCE .—In de- termining whether a farmer or rancher has other acceptable experience under paragraph (1), the Secretary may count any of— ‘‘(A) not less than 16 hours of post-sec-ondary education in a field related to agri-culture; ‘‘(B) successful completion of a farm man-agement curriculum offered by a cooperative extension service, a community college, an adult vocational agriculture program, a non- profit organization, or a land-grant college or university; ‘‘(C) an honorable discharge from the armed forces of the United States; ‘‘(D) successful repayment of a youth loan made under section 311(b); ‘‘(E) at least 1 year as hired farm labor with substantial management responsibil-ities; ‘‘(F) successful completion of a farm mentorship, apprenticeship, or internship program with an emphasis on management requirements and day-to-day farm manage-ment decisions; and ‘‘(G) an established relationship with an individual participating as a counselor who has experience in farming or ranching or is a retired farmer or rancher in a Service Corps of Retired Executives program authorized under section 8(b)(1)(B) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(1)(B)), or with a local farm or ranch operator or organization, approved by the Secretary, that is com-mitted to mentoring the farmer or rancher. ‘‘(3) D
EEMING RULE .—For purposes of para-graph (1), a farmer or rancher is deemed to have participated in the business operations of a farm or ranch for not less than 3 years or have other acceptable experience for a pe-riod of time, as determined by the Secretary, if the farmer or rancher meets the require-ments of subparagraphs (E) and (G) of para-graph (2).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 310D(a)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1934(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) through (4) of section 302’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graphs (A) through (D) of section 302(a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 5102. CONSERVATION LOAN AND LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM. 
Section 304(h) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1924(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 5103. LIMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF FARM OWNERSHIP LOANS. 
Section 305 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1925) is amended in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘smaller of’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘lesser of— ‘‘(1) the value of the farm or other secu-rity; and ‘‘(2) in the case of— ‘‘(A) a loan other than a loan guaranteed by the Secretary, $600,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023; or ‘‘(B) a loan guaranteed by the Secretary, subject to subsection (c), $1,750,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. Subtitle B—Operating Loans SEC. 5201. LIMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF OPER-ATING LOANS. 
Section 313 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1943) is amended in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘to exceed’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Sec-retary);’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘to ex-ceed, in the case of— ‘‘(A) a loan other than a loan guaranteed by the Secretary, $400,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023; or ‘‘(B) a loan guaranteed by the Secretary, subject to subsection (c), $1,750,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023;’’. 
SEC. 5202. COOPERATIVE LENDING PILOT PROJECTS. 
Section 313(c)(4)(A) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1943(c)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle C—Administrative Provisions 
SEC. 5301. BEGINNING FARMER AND RANCHER INDIVIDUAL DEVELOPMENT AC-COUNTS PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 333B(h) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1983b(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 5302. LOAN AUTHORIZATION LEVELS. 
Section 346(b)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1994(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$4,226,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2008 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$12,000,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; and (2) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) $4,000,000,000 shall be for direct loans, of which— ‘‘(i) $2,000,000,000 shall be for farm owner-ship loans under subtitle A; and ‘‘(ii) $2,000,000,000 shall be for operating loans under subtitle B; and ‘‘(B) $8,000,000,000 shall be for guaranteed loans, of which— ‘‘(i) $4,000,000,000 shall be for farm owner-ship loans under subtitle A; and ‘‘(ii) $4,000,000,000 shall be for operating loans under subtitle B.’’. 
SEC. 5303. LOAN FUND SET-ASIDES. 
Section 346(b)(2)(A)(ii)(III) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1994(b)(2)(A)(ii)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 5304. EQUITABLE RELIEF. 
The Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act is amended by inserting after sec-tion 365 (7 U.S.C. 2008) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 366. EQUITABLE RELIEF. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary may provide a form of re-lief described in subsection (c) to any farmer or rancher who— ‘‘(1) received a direct farm ownership, oper-ating, or emergency loan under this title; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary determines is not in compliance with the requirements of this title with respect to the loan. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may only provide relief to a farm or rancher under sub-section (a) if the Secretary determines that the farmer or rancher— ‘‘(1) acted in good faith; and ‘‘(2) relied on an action of, or the advice of, the Secretary (including any authorized rep-resentative of the Secretary) to the det-riment of the farming or ranching operation of the farmer or rancher. ‘‘(c) FORMS OF RELIEF .—The Secretary may provide to a farmer or rancher under sub-section (a) any of the following forms of re-lief: ‘‘(1) The farmer or rancher may retain loans or other benefits received in associa-tion with the loan with respect to which the farmer or rancher was determined to be non-compliant under subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(2) The farmer or rancher may receive such other equitable relief as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(d) C
ONDITION .—As a condition of receiv-ing relief under this section, the Secretary may require the farmer or rancher to take actions designed to remedy the noncompli-ance. ‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE APPEAL ; JUDICIAL RE-
VIEW.—A determination or action of the Sec-retary under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be final; and ‘‘(2) shall not be subject to administrative appeal or judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 5305. SOCIALLY DISADVANTAGED FARMERS AND RANCHERS; QUALIFIED BEGIN-NING FARMERS AND RANCHERS. 
The Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act is amended by inserting after sec-tion 366 (as added by section 5304) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 367. SOCIALLY DISADVANTAGED FARMERS AND RANCHERS; QUALIFIED BEGIN-NING FARMERS AND RANCHERS. 
‘‘In the case of a loan guaranteed by the Secretary under subtitle A or B to a socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher (as defined in section 355(e)) or a qualified beginning farmer or rancher, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) waive the guarantee fee of 1.5 percent; and ‘‘(2) provide for a standard guarantee plan, which shall cover an amount equal to 95 per-cent of the outstanding principal of the loan.’’. 
SEC. 5306. EMERGENCY LOAN ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 373(b)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008h(b)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and in-denting appropriately; (2) in the matter preceding subclause (I) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) R
ESTRUCTURED LOANS .—For purposes of clause (i), a borrower who was restruc-tured with a write-down or restructuring under section 353 shall not be considered to have received debt forgiveness on a loan made or guaranteed under this title.’’. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 5401. STATE AGRICULTURAL MEDIATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I SSUES COVERED BY STATE MEDIATION  P
ROGRAMS .—Section 501(c) of the Agricul-tural Credit Act of 1987 (7 U.S.C. 5101(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘under the jurisdiction of the De-partment of Agriculture’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and the na-tional organic program established under the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.)’’ before the period at the end; and (iii) by striking clause (vii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(vii) Lease issues, including land leases and equipment leases. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4561 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(viii) Family farm transition. ‘‘(ix) Farmer-neighbor disputes. ‘‘(x) Such other issues as the Secretary or the head of the department of agriculture of each participating State considers appro-priate for better serving the agricultural community and persons eligible for medi-ation.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) M
EDIATION SERVICES .—Funding pro-vided for the mediation program of a quali-fying State may also be used to provide cred-it counseling to persons described in para-graph (2)— ‘‘(i) prior to the initiation of any medi-ation involving the Department of Agri-culture; or ‘‘(ii) unrelated to any ongoing dispute or mediation in which the Department of Agri-culture is a party.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) any other persons involved in an issue described in any of clauses (i) through (x) of paragraph (1)(B).’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)(F), by striking ‘‘that persons’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(i) the Department of Agriculture re-ceives adequate notification of those issues; and ‘‘(ii) persons’’. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Section 505 of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987 (7 U.S.C. 5105) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 505. REPORT. 
‘‘Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing— ‘‘(1) the effectiveness of the State medi-ation programs receiving matching grants under this subtitle; ‘‘(2) recommendations for improving the delivery of mediation services to producers; ‘‘(3) the steps being taken to ensure that State mediation programs receive timely funding under this subtitle; and ‘‘(4) the savings to the States as a result of having a mediation program.’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 506 of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987 (7 U.S.C. 5106) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 5402. SOCIALLY DISADVANTAGED FARMERS AND RANCHERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4.19 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2207) is amend-ed— (1) by striking the section designation and heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4.19. YOUNG, BEGINNING, SMALL, AND SO-CIALLY DISADVANTAGED FARMERS AND RANCHERS.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (a), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘ranchers.’’ and inserting ‘‘ranchers and socially disadvantaged farm-ers or ranchers (as defined in section 2501(e) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(e))).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5.17(a)(3) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2252(a)(3)) is amended, in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘ranchers.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers (as defined in section 2501(e) of the Food, Agriculture, Conserva-tion, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(e))).’’. 
SEC. 5403. SHARING OF PRIVILEGED AND CON-FIDENTIAL INFORMATION. 
Section 5.19 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2254) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) SHARING OF PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDEN -
TIAL INFORMATION .—A System institution shall not be considered to have waived the confidentiality of a privileged communica-tion with an attorney or an accountant if the System institution provides the content of the communication to the Farm Credit Ad-ministration pursuant to the supervisory or regulatory authorities of the Farm Credit Administration.’’. 
SEC. 5404. REMOVAL AND PROHIBITION AUTHOR-ITY; INDUSTRY-WIDE PROHIBITION. 
Part C of title V of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 is amended by inserting after section 5.29 (12 U.S.C. 2265) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5.29A. REMOVAL AND PROHIBITION AU-THORITY; INDUSTRY-WIDE PROHIBI-TION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF PERSON .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘person’ means— ‘‘(1) an individual; and ‘‘(2) in the case of a specific determination by the Farm Credit Administration, a legal entity. ‘‘(b) I
NDUSTRY -WIDE PROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsection (c), any person who, pursuant to an order issued under sec-tion 5.28 or 5.29, has been removed or sus-pended from office at a System institution or prohibited from participating in the conduct of the affairs of a System institution shall not, during the period of effectiveness of the order, continue or commence to hold any of-fice in, or participate in any manner in the conduct of the affairs of— ‘‘(1) any insured depository institution subject to section 8(e)(7)(A)(i) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)(7)(A)(i)); ‘‘(2) any institution subject to section 8(e)(7)(A)(ii) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)(7)(A)(ii)); ‘‘(3) any insured credit union under the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); ‘‘(4) any Federal home loan bank; ‘‘(5) any institution chartered under this Act; ‘‘(6) any appropriate Federal financial in-stitutions regulatory agency (as defined in section 8(e)(7)(D) of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)(7)(D))); ‘‘(7) the Federal Housing Finance Agency; or ‘‘(8) the Farm Credit Administration. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR INSTITUTION -AFFILIATED  P
ARTY THATRECEIVES WRITTEN CONSENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
FFILIATED PARTIES .—If, on or after the date on which an order described in sub-section (b) is issued that removes or sus-pends an institution-affiliated party from of-fice at a System institution or prohibits an institution-affiliated party from partici-pating in the conduct of the affairs of a Sys-tem institution, that party receives written consent described in subparagraph (B), sub-section (b) shall not apply to that party— ‘‘(i) to the extent provided in the written consent received; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to the institution de-scribed in each written consent. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN CONSENT DESCRIBED .—The written consent referred to in subparagraph (A) is written consent received from— ‘‘(i) the Farm Credit Administration; and ‘‘(ii) each appropriate Federal financial in-stitutions regulatory agency (as defined in section 8(e)(7)(D) of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)(7)(D))) of the applicable institution described in any of paragraphs (1), (2), (3), or (4) of subsection (b) with respect to which the party proposes to be become an affiliated party. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE .—Any agency described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(B) that pro-vides a written consent under that paragraph shall— ‘‘(A) report the action to the Farm Credit Administration; and ‘‘(B) publicly disclose the action. ‘‘(3) CONSULTATION BETWEEN AGENCIES .— The agencies described in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (1)(B) shall consult with each other before providing any written consent under that paragraph. ‘‘(d) V
IOLATIONS .—A violation of subsection (b) by any person who is subject to an order described in that subsection shall be treated as violation of that order.’’. 
SEC. 5405. JURISDICTION OVER INSTITUTION-AF-FILIATED PARTIES. 
Part C of title V of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 is amended by inserting after section 5.31 (12 U.S.C. 2267) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5.31A. JURISDICTION OVER INSTITUTION- AFFILIATED PARTIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of sections 5.25, 5.26, and 5.32, the jurisdiction of the Farm Credit Administration over parties, and the authority of the Farm Credit Admin-istration to initiate actions, shall include enforcement authority over institution-af-filiated parties. ‘‘(b) E
FFECT OF SEPARATION ON JURISDIC -
TION AND AUTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (c), the resignation, termination of employ-ment or participation, or separation of an in-stitution-affiliated party (including a sepa-ration caused by the merger, consolidation, conservatorship, or receivership of a Farm Credit System institution) shall not affect the jurisdiction and authority of the Farm Credit Administration to issue any notice or order and proceed under this part against that party. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—To proceed against a party under subsection (b), the notice or order described in that subsection shall be served not later than 6 years after the date on which the party ceased to be an institu-tion-affiliated party with respect to the ap-plicable Farm Credit System institution. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The date on which a party ceases to be an institution-affiliated party described in subsection (c) may occur before, on, or after the date of enactment of this section.’’. 
SEC. 5406. DEFINITION OF INSTITUTION-AFFILI-ATED PARTY. 
Section 5.35 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2271) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the term ‘institution-affiliated party’ means— ‘‘(A) a director, officer, employee, share-holder, or agent of a System institution; ‘‘(B) an independent contractor (including an attorney, appraiser, or accountant) who knowingly or recklessly participates in— ‘‘(i) a violation of law (including regula-tions) that is associated with the operations and activities of 1 or more System institu-tions; ‘‘(ii) a breach of fiduciary duty; or ‘‘(iii) an unsafe practice that causes or is likely to cause more than a minimum finan-cial loss to, or a significant adverse effect on, a System institution; and ‘‘(C) any other person, as determined by the Farm Credit Administration (by regula-tion or on a case-by-case basis) who partici-pates in the conduct of the affairs of a Sys-tem institution; and’’. 
SEC. 5407. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE PROVISIONS; TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(1) Section 1.1(c) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2001(c)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘including any costs of defeasance under section 4.8(b),’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4562 June 27, 2018 
(2) Section 1.2 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2002) is amended by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
OMPOSITION .—The Farm Credit Sys-tem shall include the Farm Credit Banks, the bank for cooperatives, Agricultural Cred-it Banks, the Federal Land Bank Associa-tions, the Federal Land Credit Associations, the Production Credit Associations, the agri-cultural credit associations, the Federal Farm Credit Banks Funding Corporation, the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, service corporations established pursuant to section 4.25, and such other institutions as may be made a part of the Farm Credit Sys-tem, all of which shall be chartered by and subject to regulation by the Farm Credit Ad-ministration.’’. (3) Section 2.4 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2075) is amended by striking subsection (d). (4) Section 3.0(a) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2121(a)) is amended— (A) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘and a Central Bank for Cooperatives’’; and (B) by striking the fifth sentence. (5) Section 3.2 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2123) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘not merged into the United Bank for Coopera-tives or the National Bank for Coopera-tives’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(other than the National Bank for Cooperatives)’’; (B) by striking subsection (b); (C) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘(a)(1) Each bank’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each bank’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(2)(A) If approved’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) N
OMINATION AND ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If approved’’; (D) in subsection (b)(1) (as so designated)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(B) The total’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) N
UMBER OF VOTES .—The total’’; and (ii) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (E) in paragraph (2) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’. (6) Section 3.5 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2126) is amended in the third sentence by striking ‘‘district’’. (7) Section 3.7(a) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2128(a)) is amended by striking the second sentence. (8) Section 3.8(b)(1)(A) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2129(b)(1)(A)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘(or any successor agency)’’ after ‘‘Rural Electrification Administra-tion’’. (9) Section 3.9(a) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2130(a)) is amended by striking the third sentence. (10) Section 3.10 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2131) is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking the sec-ond sentence; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘district’’ each place it ap-pears; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘for cooperatives (or any successor bank)’’ before ‘‘on account’’. (11) Section 3.11 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2132) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘subsections (b) and (c) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘dis-trict’’; and (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (c) below, all’’ and inserting ‘‘All’’; (C) by striking subsection (c); and (D) by redesignating subsections (d) through (f) as subsections (c) through (e), re-spectively. (12) Part B of title III of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2141 et seq.) is amended in the part heading by striking ‘‘UNITED  
AND’’. (13) Section 3.20 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2141) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘or the United Bank for Cooperatives, as the case may be’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the dis-trict banks for cooperatives and the Central Bank for Cooperatives’’ and inserting ‘‘the constituent banks described in section 413(b) of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987 (12 U.S.C. 2121 note; Public Law 100–233)’’. (14) Section 3.21 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2142) is repealed. (15) Section 3.28 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2149) is amended by striking ‘‘a district bank for cooperatives and the Central Bank for Cooperatives’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the constituent banks described in sec-tion 413(b) of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1987 (12 U.S.C. 2121 note; Public Law 100– 233)’’. (16) Section 3.29 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2149a) is repealed. (17) Section 4.0 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2151) is repealed. (18) Section 4.8 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2159) is amended— (A) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Each bank’’ in subsection (a) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 4.8. PURCHASE AND SALE OF OBLIGATIONS. 
‘‘Each bank’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). (19) Section 4.9 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2160) is amended— (A) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION OF BOARD .—The Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation shall not have representation on the board of di-rectors of the Corporation.’’; (ii) in the undesignated matter following paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘In selecting’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In selecting’’; and (iii) in paragraph (2) (as so designated), by inserting ‘‘of paragraph (1)’’ after ‘‘(A) and (B)’’; (B) by striking subsection (e); and (C) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (20) Section 4.9A(c) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2162(c)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘institution, and—’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘institution.’’; (B) by striking ‘‘If an institution’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an institution’’; (C) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘the receiver of the institution’’ and inserting ‘‘the Farm Credit System In-surance Corporation, acting as receiver,’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) F
UNDING .—The Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation shall use such funds from the Farm Credit Insurance Fund as are sufficient to carry out this section.’’. (21) Section 4.12A(a) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2184(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A Farm Credit System bank or association shall provide to a stock-holder of the bank or association a current list of stockholders of the bank or associa-tion not later than 7 calendar days after the date on which the bank or association re-ceives a written request for the stockholder list from the stockholder.’’. (22) Section 4.14A of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2202a) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and section 4.36’’ before the colon at the end; and (ii) in paragraph (5)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘4.14C,’’; (B) by striking subsection (h); (C) by redesignating subsections (i) through (l) as subsections (h) through (k), re-spectively; and (D) in subsection (k) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘production credit’’. (23) Section 4.14C of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2202c) is repealed. (24) Section 4.17 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2205) is amended in the third sentence by striking ‘‘Federal intermediate credit banks and’’. (25) Section 4.19(a) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2207(a)) (as amended by sec-tion 5402(a)(2)) is amended— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘district’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Federal land bank associa-tion and production credit’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘units’’ and inserting ‘‘institutions’’. (26) Section 4.38 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2219c) is amended by striking ‘‘The Assistance Board established under section 6.0 and all’’ and inserting ‘‘All’’. (27) Section 4.39 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2219d) is amended by striking ‘‘8.0(7))’’ and inserting ‘‘8.0)’’. (28) Section 5.16 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2251) is amended— (A) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘As an alternate’’ in the matter preceding para-graph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5.16. OFFICES, QUARTERS, AND FACILITIES FOR THE FARM CREDIT ADMINIS-TRATION. 
‘‘(a) O FFICES .—The Farm Credit Adminis-tration shall maintain— ‘‘(1) the principal office of the Farm Credit Administration within the Washington-Ar-lington-Alexandria, DC-VA-MD-WV Metro-politan Statistical Area, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget; and ‘‘(2) such other offices in the United States as the Farm Credit Administration deter-mines are necessary. ‘‘(b) Q
UARTERS AND FACILITIES .—As an al- ternative’’; and (B) in the undesignated matter following paragraph (5) of subsection (b) (as so des-ignated)— (i) in the fifth sentence, by striking ‘‘In ac-tions undertaken by the banks pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this section’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) A
GENT FOR BANKS .—In actions under-taken by the banks pursuant to this sec-tion’’; (ii) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘The plans’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A
PPROVAL OF BOARD .—The plans’’; (iii) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘The powers’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) P
OWERS OF BANKS .—The powers’’; (iv) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Such advances’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
DVANCES .—The advances of funds de-scribed in paragraph (1)’’; and (v) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Board’’ and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4563 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(c) F INANCING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board’’. (29) Section 5.17(a)(2) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2252(a)(2)) is amended by striking the second and third sentences. (30) Section 5.18 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2253) is repealed. (31) Section 5.19 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2254) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Ex-cept for Federal land bank associations, each’’ and inserting ‘‘Each’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘(b)(1) Each’’ and inserting ‘‘(b) Each’’; (ii) in the matter preceding paragraph (2) (as so designated)— (I) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘, except with respect to any actions taken by any banks of the System under section 4.8(b),’’; and (II) by striking the third sentence; and (iii) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3). (32) Section 5.31 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2267) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘4.14A(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘4.14A(h)’’. (33) Section 5.32(h) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2268(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘4.14A(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘4.14A(h)’’. (34) Section 5.35 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2271) is amended in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by section 5406(2))— (A) in subparagraph (A), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by striking subparagraph (B); (C) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); and (D) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesig-nated)— (i) by striking ‘‘after December 31, 1992,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘by the Farm Credit Sys-tem Assistance Board under section 6.6 or’’. (35) Section 5.38 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2274) is amended by striking ‘‘a farm’’ and all that follows through ‘‘land bank’’ and inserting ‘‘a Farm Credit Bank board, officer, or employee shall not remove any director or officer of any’’. (36) Section 5.44 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2275) is repealed. (37) Section 5.58(2) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2277a–7(2)) is amended by striking the second sentence. (38) Section 5.60 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2277a–9) is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by striking the sub-section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘The Corporation’’ in para-graph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
MOUNTS IN FUND.—The Corporation’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘Insur-ance Fund to—’’ in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A) and all that follows through ‘‘ensure’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘Insurance Fund to ensure’’. (39) Title VI of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2278a et seq.) is repealed. (40) Section 7.9 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279c–2) is amended by strik-ing subsection (c). (41) Section 7.10(a) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279d(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the institution pays to the Farm Cred-it Insurance Fund the amount by which the total capital of the institution exceeds 6 per-cent of the assets;’’. (42) Section 8.0 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279aa) is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘means— ’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and all that follows through the period at the end of the undesignated matter following subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘means the board of directors established under section 8.2.’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (6) and (8); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (7), (9), and (10) as paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), respec-tively; and (D) in subparagraph (B)(i) of paragraph (7) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘(b) through (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘(b) and (c)’’. (43) Section 8.2 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–2) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a); (B) in subsection (b), by striking the sub-section designation and heading and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Corporation shall be under the management of the board of directors.’’; (C) in subsection (a) (as so designated)— (i) by striking ‘‘permanent board’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (3); (iii) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (10) as paragraphs (3) through (9), re-spectively; and (iv) in paragraph (3)(A) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)’’; and (D) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). (44) Section 8.4(a)(1) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–4(a)(1)) is amended— (A) in the sixth sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘Class B’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) C
LASS B STOCK .—Class B’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘8.2(b)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.2(a)(2)(B)’’; (B) in the fifth sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘Class A’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) C
LASS A STOCK .—Class A’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘8.2(b)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.2(a)(2)(A)’’; (C) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘The stock’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(D) C
LASSES OF STOCK .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The stock’’; (D) by striking the third sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) O
FFERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall offer the voting common stock to banks, other finan-cial institutions, insurance companies, and System institutions under such terms and conditions as the Board may adopt. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The voting common stock shall be fairly and broadly offered to ensure that— ‘‘(I) no institution or institutions acquire a disproportionate share of the total quantity of the voting common stock outstanding of a class of stock; and ‘‘(II) capital contributions and issuances of voting common stock for the contributions are fairly distributed between entities eligi-ble to hold class A stock and class B stock.’’; (E) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Each share’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) N
UMBER OF VOTES .—Each share’’; and (F) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Corporation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation’’. (45) Section 8.6 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–6) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (d); (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d); and (C) in paragraph (2) of subsection (d) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘8.0(9))’’ and in-serting ‘‘8.0)’’. (46) Section 8.9 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–9) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘4.14C,’’ each place it appears. (47) Section 8.11(e) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279aa–11(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘8.0(7))’’ and inserting ‘‘8.0)’’. (48) Section 8.32(a) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279bb–1(a)) is amended— (A) in the first sentence of the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not soon-er than the expiration of the 3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Farm Credit System Reform Act of 1996, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘8.0(9)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.0(7)(C)’’. (49) Section 8.33(b)(2)(A) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279bb–2(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘8.6(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘8.6(d)’’. (50) Section 8.35 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279bb–4) is amended by strik-ing subsection (e). (51) Section 8.38 of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279bb–7) is repealed. (52) Section 4 of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act (12 U.S.C. 1141b) is repealed. (53) Section 5 of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act (12 U.S.C. 1141c) is repealed. (54) Section 6 of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act (12 U.S.C. 1141d) is repealed. (55) Section 7 of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act (12 U.S.C. 1141e) is repealed. (56) Section 8 of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act (12 U.S.C. 1141f) is repealed. (57) Section 14 of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act (12 U.S.C. 1141i) is repealed. (58) The Act of June 22, 1939 (53 Stat. 853, chapter 239; 12 U.S.C. 1141d–1), is repealed. (59) Section 201(e) of the Emergency Relief and Construction Act of 1932 (12 U.S.C. 1148) is repealed. (60) Section 2 of the Act of July 14, 1953 (67 Stat. 150, chapter 192; 12 U.S.C. 1148a–4), is re-pealed. (61) Section 32 of the Farm Credit Act of 1937 (12 U.S.C. 1148b) is repealed. (62) Section 33 of the Farm Credit Act of 1937 (12 U.S.C. 1148c) is repealed. (63) Section 34 of the Farm Credit Act of 1937 (12 U.S.C. 1148d) is repealed. (64) The Joint Resolution of March 3, 1932 (47 Stat. 60, chapter 70; 12 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), is repealed. SEC. 5408. CORPORATION AS CONSERVATOR OR RECEIVER; CERTAIN OTHER POW-ERS. 
Part E of title V of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 is amended by inserting after section 5.61B (12 U.S.C. 2277a–10b) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5.61C. CORPORATION AS CONSERVATOR OR RECEIVER; CERTAIN OTHER POW-ERS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF INSTITUTION .—In this section, the term ‘institution’ includes any System institution for which the Corpora-tion has been appointed as conservator or re-ceiver. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN POWERS AND DUTIES OF COR-
PORATION AS CONSERVATOR OR RECEIVER .—In addition to the powers inherent in the ex-press grant of corporate authority under sec-tion 5.58(9), and other powers exercised by the Corporation under this part, the Cor-poration shall have the following express powers to act as a conservator or receiver: ‘‘(1) R
ULEMAKING AUTHORITY OF CORPORA -
TION.—The Corporation may prescribe such regulations as the Corporation determines to be appropriate regarding the conduct of conservatorships or receiverships. ‘‘(2) G
ENERAL POWERS .— ‘‘(A) S
UCCESSOR TO SYSTEM INSTITUTION .— The Corporation shall, as conservator or re-ceiver, and by operation of law, succeed to— ‘‘(i) all rights, titles, powers, and privileges of the System institution, and of any stock-holder, member, officer, or director of such System institution with respect to the Sys-tem institution and the assets of the System institution; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4564 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) title to the books, records, and assets of any previous conservator or other legal custodian of such System institution. ‘‘(B) O
PERATE THE SYSTEM INSTITUTION .— The Corporation may, as conservator or re-ceiver— ‘‘(i) take over the assets of and operate the System institution with all the powers of the stockholders or members, the directors, and the officers of the System institution and conduct all business of the System institu-tion; ‘‘(ii) collect all obligations and money due the System institution; ‘‘(iii) perform all functions of the System institution in the name of the System insti-tution which are consistent with the ap-pointment as conservator or receiver; ‘‘(iv) preserve and conserve the assets and property of such System institution; and ‘‘(v) provide by contract for assistance in fulfilling any function, activity, action, or duty of the Corporation as conservator or re-ceiver. ‘‘(C) F
UNCTIONS OF SYSTEM INSTITUTION ’S 
OFFICERS , DIRECTORS , MEMBERS , AND STOCK -
HOLDERS .—The Corporation may, by regula-tion or order, provide for the exercise of any function by any stockholder, member, direc-tor, or officer of any System institution for which the Corporation has been appointed conservator or receiver. ‘‘(D) P
OWERS AS CONSERVATOR .—Subject to any Farm Credit Administration approvals required under this Act, the Corporation may, as conservator, take such action as may be— ‘‘(i) necessary to put the System institu-tion in a sound and solvent condition; and ‘‘(ii) appropriate to carry on the business of the System institution and preserve and conserve the assets and property of the Sys-tem institution. ‘‘(E) A
DDITIONAL POWERS AS RECEIVER .—The Corporation may, as receiver, liquidate the System institution and proceed to realize upon the assets of the System institution, in such manner as the Corporation determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(F) O
RGANIZATION OF NEW SYSTEM BANK .— The Corporation may, as receiver with re-spect to any System bank, organize a bridge System bank under subsection (h). ‘‘(G) M
ERGER ; TRANSFER OF ASSETS AND LI -
ABILITIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the Corporation may, as conservator or re-ceiver— ‘‘(I) merge the System institution with an-other System institution; and ‘‘(II) transfer or sell any asset or liability of the System institution in default without any approval, assignment, or consent with respect to such transfer. ‘‘(ii) A
PPROVAL .—No merger or transfer under clause (i) may be made to another Sys-tem institution (other than a bridge System bank under subsection (h)) without the ap-proval of the Farm Credit Administration. ‘‘(H) P
AYMENT OF VALID OBLIGATIONS .—The Corporation, as conservator or receiver, shall, to the extent that proceeds are real-ized from the performance of contracts or the sale of the assets of a System institu-tion, pay all valid obligations of the System institution in accordance with the prescrip-tions and limitations of this section. ‘‘(I) I
NCIDENTAL POWERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation may, as conservator or receiver— ‘‘(I) exercise all powers and authorities specifically granted to conservators or re-ceivers, respectively, under this section and such incidental powers as shall be necessary to carry out such powers; and ‘‘(II) take any action authorized by this section, which the Corporation determines is in the best interests of— ‘‘(aa) the System institution in receiver-ship or conservatorship; ‘‘(bb) System institutions; ‘‘(cc) System institution stockholders or investors; or ‘‘(dd) the Corporation. ‘‘(ii) TERMINATION OF RIGHTS AND CLAIMS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II), notwithstanding any other provision of law, the appointment of the Cor-poration as receiver for a System institution and the succession of the Corporation, by op-eration of law, to the rights, titles, powers, and privileges described in subparagraph (A) shall terminate all rights and claims that the stockholders and creditors of the System institution may have, arising as a result of their status as stockholders or creditors, against the assets or charter of the System institution or the Corporation. ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subclause (I) shall not terminate the right to payment, resolution, or other satisfaction of the claims of stock-holders and creditors described in that sub-clause, as permitted under paragraphs (10) and (11) and subsection (d). ‘‘(iii) C
HARTER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for purposes of this section, the charter of a System institution shall not be considered to be an asset of the System institution. ‘‘(J) U
TILIZATION OF PRIVATE SECTOR .—In carrying out its responsibilities in the man-agement and disposition of assets from Sys-tem institutions, as conservator, receiver, or in its corporate capacity, the Corporation may utilize the services of private persons, including real estate and loan portfolio asset management, property management, auction marketing, legal, and brokerage services, if the Corporation determines utilization of such services is practicable, efficient, and cost effective. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY OF RECEIVER TO DETERMINE  
CLAIMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation may, as receiver, determine claims in accordance with the requirements of this subsection and regulations prescribed under paragraph (4). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE REQUIREMENTS .—The receiver, in any case involving the liquidation or winding up of the affairs of a closed System institution, shall— ‘‘(i) promptly publish a notice to the Sys-tem institution’s creditors to present their claims, together with proof, to the receiver by a date specified in the notice which shall be not less than 90 days after the publication of such notice; and ‘‘(ii) republish such notice approximately 1 month and 2 months, respectively, after the publication under clause (i). ‘‘(C) M
AILING REQUIRED .—The receiver shall mail a notice similar to the notice published under subparagraph (B)(i) at the time of such publication to any creditor shown on the System institution’s books— ‘‘(i) at the creditor’s last address appearing in such books; or ‘‘(ii) upon discovery of the name and ad-dress of a claimant not appearing on the Sys-tem institution’s books within 30 days after the discovery of such name and address. ‘‘(4) R
ULEMAKING AUTHORITY RELATING TO  
DETERMINATION OF CLAIMS .—The Corporation may prescribe regulations regarding the al-lowance or disallowance of claims by the re-ceiver and providing for administrative de-termination of claims and review of such de-termination. ‘‘(5) P
ROCEDURES FOR DETERMINATION OF  
CLAIMS .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Before the end of the 180- day period beginning on the date any claim against a System institution is filed with the Corporation as receiver, the Corporation shall determine whether to allow or disallow the claim and shall notify the claimant of any determination with respect to such claim. ‘‘(ii) EXTENSION OF TIME .—The period de-scribed in clause (i) may be extended by a written agreement between the claimant and the Corporation. ‘‘(iii) M
AILING OF NOTICE SUFFICIENT .—The requirements of clause (i) shall be deemed to be satisfied if the notice of any determina-tion with respect to any claim is mailed to the last address of the claimant which ap-pears— ‘‘(I) on the System institution’s books; ‘‘(II) in the claim filed by the claimant; or ‘‘(III) in documents submitted in proof of the claim. ‘‘(iv) C
ONTENTS OF NOTICE OF DISALLOW -
ANCE .—If any claim filed under clause (i) is disallowed, the notice to the claimant shall contain— ‘‘(I) a statement of each reason for the dis-allowance; and ‘‘(II) the procedures available for obtaining agency review of the determination to dis-allow the claim or judicial determination of the claim. ‘‘(B) A
LLOWANCE OF PROVEN CLAIMS .—The receiver shall allow any claim received on or before the date specified in the notice pub-lished under paragraph (3)(B)(i) by the re-ceiver from any claimant which is proved to the satisfaction of the receiver. ‘‘(C) D
ISALLOWANCE OF CLAIMS FILED AFTER  
END OF FILING PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), claims filed after the date speci-fied in the notice published under paragraph (3)(B)(i) shall be disallowed and such dis-allowance shall be final. ‘‘(ii) C
ERTAIN EXCEPTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply with respect to any claim filed by any claimant after the date specified in the notice published under paragraph (3)(B)(i) and such claim may be considered by the re-ceiver if— ‘‘(I) the claimant did not receive notice of the appointment of the receiver in time to file such claim before such date; and ‘‘(II) such claim is filed in time to permit payment of such claim. ‘‘(D) A
UTHORITY TO DISALLOW CLAIMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The receiver may dis-allow any portion of any claim by a creditor or claim of security, preference, or priority which is not proved to the satisfaction of the receiver. ‘‘(ii) P
AYMENTS TO LESS THAN FULLY SE -
CURED CREDITORS .—In the case of a claim of a creditor against a System institution which is secured by any property or other asset of such System institution, any re-ceiver appointed for any System institu-tion— ‘‘(I) may treat the portion of such claim which exceeds an amount equal to the fair market value of such property or other asset as an unsecured claim against the System institution; and ‘‘(II) may not make any payment with re-spect to such unsecured portion of the claim other than in connection with the disposi-tion of all claims of unsecured creditors of the System institution. ‘‘(iii) E
XCEPTIONS .—No provision of this paragraph shall apply with respect to— ‘‘(I) any extension of credit from any Fed-eral Reserve bank or the United States Treasury to any System institution; or ‘‘(II) any security interest in the assets of the System institution securing any such ex-tension of credit. ‘‘(E) N
O JUDICIAL REVIEW OF DETERMINATION  
PURSUANT TO SUBPARAGRAPH (D) .—No court may review the Corporation’s determination pursuant to subparagraph (D) to disallow a claim. ‘‘(F) L
EGAL EFFECT OF FILING .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4565 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(i) S TATUTE OF LIMITATION TOLLED .—For purposes of any applicable statute of limita-tions, the filing of a claim with the receiver shall constitute a commencement of an ac-tion. ‘‘(ii) N
O PREJUDICE TO OTHER ACTIONS .—Sub- ject to paragraph (12) and the determination of claims by a receiver, the filing of a claim with the receiver shall not prejudice any right of the claimant to continue any action which was filed before the appointment of the receiver. ‘‘(6) P
ROVISION FOR JUDICIAL DETERMINATION  
OF CLAIMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the end of the 60- day period beginning on the earlier of— ‘‘(i) the end of the period described in para-graph (5)(A)(i) with respect to any claim against a System institution for which the Corporation is receiver; or ‘‘(ii) the date of any notice of disallowance of such claim pursuant to paragraph (5)(A)(i), the claimant may request administrative re-view of the claim in accordance with para-graph (7) or file suit on such claim (or con-tinue an action commenced before the ap-pointment of the receiver) in the district or territorial court of the United States for the district within which the System institu-tion’s principal place of business is located or the United States District Court for the District of Columbia (and such court shall have jurisdiction to hear such claim). ‘‘(B) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—If any claimant fails to file suit on such claim (or continue an action commenced before the appointment of the receiver), before the end of the 60-day period described in subpara-graph (A), the claim shall be deemed to be disallowed (other than any portion of such claim which was allowed by the receiver) as of the end of such period, such disallowance shall be final, and the claimant shall have no further rights or remedies with respect to such claim. ‘‘(7) R
EVIEW OF CLAIMS ; ADMINISTRATIVE  
HEARING .—If any claimant requests review under this paragraph in lieu of filing or con-tinuing any action under paragraph (6) and the Corporation agrees to such request, the Corporation shall consider the claim after opportunity for a hearing on the record. The final determination of the Corporation with respect to such claim shall be subject to ju-dicial review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(8) E
XPEDITED DETERMINATION OF  
CLAIMS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT REQUIRED .—The Cor- poration shall establish a procedure for expe-dited relief outside of the routine claims process established under paragraph (5) for claimants who— ‘‘(i) allege the existence of legally valid and enforceable or perfected security inter-ests in assets of any System institution for which the Corporation has been appointed receiver; and ‘‘(ii) allege that irreparable injury will occur if the routine claims procedure is fol-lowed. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION PERIOD .—Before the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date any claim is filed in accordance with the procedures established pursuant to sub-paragraph (A), the Corporation shall— ‘‘(i) determine— ‘‘(I) whether to allow or disallow such claim; or ‘‘(II) whether such claim should be deter-mined pursuant to the procedures estab-lished pursuant to paragraph (5); and ‘‘(ii) notify the claimant of the determina-tion, and if the claim is disallowed, provide a statement of each reason for the disallow-ance and the procedure for obtaining agency review or judicial determination. ‘‘(C) PERIOD FOR FILING OR RENEWING  
SUIT.—Any claimant who files a request for expedited relief shall be permitted to file a suit, or to continue a suit filed before the ap-pointment of the receiver, seeking a deter-mination of the claimant’s rights with re-spect to such security interest after the ear-lier of— ‘‘(i) the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the filing of a request for expe-dited relief; or ‘‘(ii) the date the Corporation denies the claim. ‘‘(D) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—If an action described in subparagraph (C) is not filed, or the motion to renew a previously filed suit is not made, before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which such action or motion may be filed in accordance with subparagraph (B), the claim shall be deemed to be disallowed as of the end of such period (other than any portion of such claim which was allowed by the receiver), such disallow-ance shall be final, and the claimant shall have no further rights or remedies with re-spect to such claim. ‘‘(E) L
EGAL EFFECT OF FILING .— ‘‘(i) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATION TOLLED .—For purposes of any applicable statute of limita-tions, the filing of a claim with the receiver shall constitute a commencement of an ac-tion. ‘‘(ii) N
O PREJUDICE TO OTHER ACTIONS .—Sub- ject to paragraph (12), the filing of a claim with the receiver shall not prejudice any right of the claimant to continue any action which was filed before the appointment of the receiver. ‘‘(9) A
GREEMENT AS BASIS OF CLAIM .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), any agreement which does not meet the requirements set forth in sec-tion 5.61(d) shall not form the basis of, or substantially comprise, a claim against the receiver or the Corporation. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION TO CONTEMPORANEOUS EXE -
CUTION REQUIREMENT .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 5.61(d), any agreement relating to an ex-tension of credit between a Federal Reserve bank or the United States Treasury and any System institution which was executed be-fore such extension of credit to such System institution shall be treated as having been executed contemporaneously with such ex-tension of credit for purposes of subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(10) P
AYMENT OF CLAIMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The receiver may, in the receiver’s discretion and to the extent funds are available from the assets of the System institution, pay creditor claims which are al-lowed by the receiver, approved by the Cor-poration pursuant to a final determination pursuant to paragraph (7) or (8), or deter-mined by the final judgment of any court of competent jurisdiction in such manner and amounts as are authorized under this Act. ‘‘(B) L
IQUIDATION PAYMENTS .—The receiver may, in the receiver’s sole discretion, pay from the assets of the System institution portions of proved claims at any time, and no liability shall attach to the Corporation (in such Corporation’s corporate capacity or as receiver), by reason of any such payment, for failure to make payments to a claimant whose claim is not proved at the time of any such payment. ‘‘(C) R
ULEMAKING AUTHORITY OF CORPORA -
TION.—The Corporation may prescribe such rules, including definitions of terms, as it deems appropriate to establish a single uni-form interest rate for or to make payments of post insolvency interest to creditors hold-ing proven claims against the receivership estates of System institutions following sat-isfaction by the receiver of the principal amount of all creditor claims. ‘‘(11) P
RIORITY OF EXPENSES AND CLAIMS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Amounts realized from the liquidation or other resolution of any System institution by any receiver ap-pointed for such System institution shall be distributed to pay claims (other than secured claims to the extent of any such security) in the following order of priority: ‘‘(i) Administrative expenses of the re-ceiver. ‘‘(ii) If authorized by the Corporation, wages, salaries, or commissions, including vacation, severance, and sick leave pay earned by an individual— ‘‘(I) in an amount that is not more than $11,725 for each individual (as indexed for in-flation, by regulation of the Corporation); and ‘‘(II) that is earned 180 days or fewer before the date of appointment of the Corporation as receiver. ‘‘(iii) In the case of the resolution of a Sys-tem bank, all claims of holders of consoli-dated and System-wide bonds and all claims of the other System banks arising from the payments of the System banks pursuant to— ‘‘(I) section 4.4 on consolidated and Sys-tem-wide bonds issued under subsection (c) or (d) of section 4.2; or ‘‘(II) an agreement, in writing and ap-proved by the Farm Credit Administration, among the System banks to reallocate the payments. ‘‘(iv) In the case of the resolution of a pro-duction credit association or other associa-tion making direct loans under section 7.6, all claims of a System bank based on the fi-nancing agreement between the association and the System bank— ‘‘(I) including interest accrued before and after the appointment of the receiver; and ‘‘(II) not including any setoff for stock or other equity of that System bank owned by the association, on that condition that, prior to making that setoff, that System bank shall obtain the approval of the Farm Credit Administration Board for the retirement of that stock or equity. ‘‘(v) Any general or senior liability of the System institution (which is not a liability described in clause (vi) or (vii)). ‘‘(vi) Any obligation subordinated to gen-eral creditors (which is not an obligation de-scribed in clause (vii)). ‘‘(vii) Any obligation to stockholders or members arising as a result of their status as stockholders or members. ‘‘(B) P
AYMENT OF CLAIMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(I) P
AYMENT .—All claims of each priority described in clauses (i) through (vii) of sub-paragraph (A) shall be paid in full, or provi-sions shall be made for that payment, prior to the payment of any claim of a lesser pri-ority. ‘‘(II) I
NSUFFICIENT FUNDS .—If there are in-sufficient funds to pay in full all claims in any priority described clauses (i) through (vii) of subparagraph (A), distribution on that priority of claims shall be made on a pro rata basis. ‘‘(ii) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REMAINING ASSETS .— Following the payment of all claims in ac-cordance with subparagraph (A), the receiver shall distribute the remainder of the assets of the System institution to the owners of stock, participation certificates, and other equities in accordance with the priorities for impairment under the bylaws of the System institution. ‘‘(iii) E
LIGIBLE BORROWER STOCK .—Notwith- standing subparagraph (C) or any other pro-vision of this section, eligible borrower stock shall be retired in accordance with section 4.9A. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT OF STATE LAW .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The provisions of sub-paragraph (A) shall not supersede the law of any State except to the extent such law is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4566 June 27, 2018 
inconsistent with the provisions of such sub-paragraph, and then only to the extent of the inconsistency. ‘‘(ii) P
ROCEDURE FOR DETERMINATION OF IN -
CONSISTENCY .—Upon the Corporation’s own motion or upon the request of any person with a claim described in subparagraph (A) or any State which is submitted to the Cor-poration in accordance with procedures which the Corporation shall prescribe, the Corporation shall determine whether any provision of the law of any State is incon-sistent with any provision of subparagraph (A) and the extent of any such inconsistency. ‘‘(iii) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—The final deter-mination of the Corporation under clause (ii) shall be subject to judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(D) A
CCOUNTING REPORT .—Any distribu-tion by the Corporation in connection with any claim described in subparagraph (A)(vii) shall be accompanied by the accounting re-port required under paragraph (15)(B). ‘‘(12) S
USPENSION OF LEGAL ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After the appointment of a conservator or receiver for a System in-stitution, the conservator or receiver may request a stay for a period not to exceed— ‘‘(i) 45 days, in the case of any conservator; and ‘‘(ii) 90 days, in the case of any receiver, in any judicial action or proceeding to which such System institution is or becomes a party. ‘‘(B) G
RANT OF STAY BY ALL COURTS RE -
QUIRED .—Upon receipt of a request by any conservator or receiver pursuant to subpara-graph (A) for a stay of any judicial action or proceeding in any court with jurisdiction of such action or proceeding, the court shall grant such stay as to all parties. ‘‘(13) A
DDITIONAL RIGHTS AND DUTIES .— ‘‘(A) P
RIOR FINAL ADJUDICATION .—The Cor- poration shall abide by any final unappealable judgment of any court of com-petent jurisdiction which was rendered be-fore the appointment of the Corporation as conservator or receiver. ‘‘(B) R
IGHTS AND REMEDIES OF CONSERVATOR  
OR RECEIVER .—In the event of any appealable judgment, the Corporation as conservator or receiver shall— ‘‘(i) have all the rights and remedies avail-able to the System institution (before the appointment of such conservator or receiver) and the Corporation in its corporate capac-ity, including removal to Federal court and all appellate rights; and ‘‘(ii) not be required to post any bond in order to pursue such remedies. ‘‘(C) N
O ATTACHMENT OR EXECUTION .—No at- tachment or execution may issue by any court on— ‘‘(i) assets in the possession of the receiver; or ‘‘(ii) the charter of a System institution for which the Corporation has been ap-pointed receiver. ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided in this sub-section, no court shall have jurisdiction over— ‘‘(i) any claim or action for payment from, or any action seeking a determination of rights with respect to, the assets of any Sys-tem institution for which the Corporation has been appointed receiver, including assets which the Corporation may acquire from itself as such receiver; or ‘‘(ii) any claim relating to any act or omis-sion of such System institution or the Cor-poration as receiver. ‘‘(E) D
ISPOSITION OF ASSETS .—In exercising any right, power, privilege, or authority as receiver in connection with any sale or dis-position of assets of any System institution for which the Corporation is acting as re-ceiver, the Corporation shall, to the max-imum extent practicable, conduct its oper-ations in a manner which— ‘‘(i) maximizes the net present value re-turn from the sale or disposition of such as-sets; ‘‘(ii) minimizes the amount of any loss re-alized in the resolution of cases; ‘‘(iii) ensures adequate competition and fair and consistent treatment of offerors; ‘‘(iv) prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, sex, or ethnic groups in the solicita-tion and consideration of offers; and ‘‘(v) mitigates the potential for serious ad-verse effects to the rest of the System. ‘‘(14) STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR ACTIONS  
BROUGHT BY CONSERVATOR OR RECEIVER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any provision of any contract, the applicable statute of limitations with regard to any ac-tion brought by the Corporation as conser-vator or receiver shall be— ‘‘(i) in the case of any contract claim, the longer of— ‘‘(I) the 6-year period beginning on the date the claim accrues; or ‘‘(II) the period applicable under State law; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of any tort claim, the longer of— ‘‘(I) the 3-year period beginning on the date the claim accrues; or ‘‘(II) the period applicable under State law. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF THE DATE ON WHICH  
A CLAIM ACCRUES .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the date on which the statute of limitations begins to run on any claim de-scribed in such subparagraph shall be the later of— ‘‘(i) the date of the appointment of the Cor-poration as conservator or receiver; or ‘‘(ii) the date on which the cause of action accrues. ‘‘(C) R
EVIVAL OF EXPIRED STATE CAUSES OF  
ACTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tort claim described in clause (ii) for which the statute of limitation applicable under State law with respect to such claim has expired not more than 5 years before the appoint-ment of the Corporation as conservator or receiver, the Corporation may bring an ac-tion as conservator or receiver on such claim without regard to the expiration of the stat-ute of limitation applicable under State law. ‘‘(ii) C
LAIMS DESCRIBED .—A tort claim re-ferred to in clause (i) is a claim arising from fraud, intentional misconduct resulting in unjust enrichment, or intentional mis-conduct resulting in substantial loss to the System institution. ‘‘(15) A
CCOUNTING AND RECORDKEEPING RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation as con-servator or receiver shall, consistent with the accounting and reporting practices and procedures established by the Corporation, maintain a full accounting of each con-servatorship and receivership or other dis-position of System institutions in default. ‘‘(B) A
NNUAL ACCOUNTING OR REPORT .—With respect to each conservatorship or receiver-ship to which the Corporation was appointed, the Corporation shall make an annual ac-counting or report, as appropriate, available to the Farm Credit Administration Board. ‘‘(C) A
VAILABILITY OF REPORTS .—Any re- port prepared pursuant to subparagraph (B) shall be made available by the Corporation upon request to any stockholder of the Sys-tem institution for which the Corporation was appointed conservator or receiver or any other member of the public. ‘‘(D) R
ECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), after the end of the 6-year period beginning on the date the Corporation is ap-pointed as receiver of a System institution, the Corporation may destroy any records of such System institution which the Corpora-tion, in the Corporation’s discretion, deter-mines to be unnecessary unless directed not to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction or governmental agency, or prohibited by law. ‘‘(ii) OLD RECORDS .—Notwithstanding clause (i), the Corporation may destroy records of a System institution which are at least 10 years old as of the date on which the Corporation is appointed as the receiver of such System institution in accordance with clause (i) at any time after such appoint-ment is final, without regard to the 6-year period of limitation contained in clause (i). ‘‘(16) F
RAUDULENT TRANSFERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation, as con-servator or receiver for any System institu-tion, may avoid a transfer of any interest of a System institution-affiliated party, or any person who the Corporation determines is a debtor of the System institution, in prop-erty, or any obligation incurred by such party or person, that was made within 5 years of the date on which the Corporation was appointed conservator or receiver if such party or person voluntarily or involuntarily made such transfer or incurred such liability with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud the System institution, the Farm Credit Ad-ministration, or the Corporation. ‘‘(B) R
IGHT OF RECOVERY .—To the extent a transfer is avoided under subparagraph (A), the Corporation may recover, for the benefit of the System institution, the property transferred, or, if a court so orders, the value of such property (at the time of such trans-fer) from— ‘‘(i) the initial transferee of such transfer or the System institution-affiliated party or person for whose benefit such transfer was made; or ‘‘(ii) any immediate or mediate transferee of any such initial transferee. ‘‘(C) R
IGHTS OF TRANSFEREE OR OBLIGEE .— The Corporation may not recover under sub-paragraph (B) from— ‘‘(i) any transferee that takes for value, in-cluding satisfaction or securing of a present or antecedent debt, in good faith; or ‘‘(ii) any immediate or mediate good faith transferee of such transferee. ‘‘(D) R
IGHTS UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH .—The rights under this paragraph of the Corpora-tion shall be superior to any rights of a trustee or any other party (other than any party which is a Federal agency) under title 11, United States Code. ‘‘(17) A
TTACHMENT OF ASSETS AND OTHER IN -
JUNCTIVE RELIEF .—Subject to paragraph (18), any court of competent jurisdiction may, at the request of the Corporation (in the Cor-poration’s capacity as conservator or re-ceiver for any System institution or in the Corporation’s corporate capacity with re-spect to any asset acquired or liability as-sumed by the Corporation under section 5.61), issue an order in accordance with Rule 65 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, including an order placing the assets of any person designated by the Corporation under the control of the court and appointing a trustee to hold such assets. ‘‘(18) S
TANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) S
HOWING .—Rule 65 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure shall apply with re-spect to any proceeding under paragraph (17) without regard to the requirement of such rule that the applicant show that the injury, loss, or damage is irreparable and imme-diate. ‘‘(B) S
TATE PROCEEDING .—If, in the case of any proceeding in a State court, the court determines that rules of civil procedure available under the laws of such State pro-vide substantially similar protections to such party’s right to due process as Rule 65 (as modified with respect to such proceeding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4567 June 27, 2018 
by subparagraph (A)), the relief sought by the Corporation pursuant to paragraph (17) may be requested under the laws of such State. ‘‘(19) T
REATMENT OF CLAIMS ARISING FROM  
BREACH OF CONTRACTS EXECUTED BY THE RE -
CEIVER OR CONSERVATOR .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, any final and unappealable judgment for mone-tary damages entered against a receiver or conservator for a System institution for the breach of an agreement executed or approved by such receiver or conservator after the date of its appointment shall be paid as an administrative expense of the receiver or conservator. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit the power of a receiver or conservator to exercise any rights under contract or law, including terminating, breaching, canceling, or otherwise dis-continuing such agreement. ‘‘(c) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO CONTRACTS  E
NTERED INTOBEFORE APPOINTMENT OF CON-
SERVATOR OR RECEIVER .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO REPUDIATE CONTRACTS .— In addition to any other rights a conservator or receiver may have, the conservator or re-ceiver for a System institution may dis-affirm or repudiate any contract or lease— ‘‘(A) to which such System institution is a party; ‘‘(B) the performance of which the conser-vator or receiver, in the conservator’s or re-ceiver’s discretion, determines to be burden-some; and ‘‘(C) the disaffirmance or repudiation of which the conservator or receiver deter-mines, in the conservator’s or receiver’s dis-cretion, will promote the orderly adminis-tration of the System institution’s affairs. ‘‘(2) T
IMING OF REPUDIATION .—The Corpora-tion as conservator or receiver for any Sys-tem institution shall determine whether or not to exercise the rights of repudiation under this subsection within a reasonable pe-riod following such appointment. ‘‘(3) C
LAIMS FOR DAMAGES FOR REPUDI -
ATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in subparagraph (C) and paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), the liability of the conservator or receiver for the disaffirmance or repudiation of any contract pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be— ‘‘(i) limited to actual direct compensatory damages; and ‘‘(ii) determined as of— ‘‘(I) the date of the appointment of the conservator or receiver; or ‘‘(II) in the case of any contract or agree-ment referred to in paragraph (8), the date of the disaffirmance or repudiation of such con-tract or agreement. ‘‘(B) N
O LIABILITY FOR OTHER DAMAGES .— For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘actual direct compensatory damages’ does not include— ‘‘(i) punitive or exemplary damages; ‘‘(ii) damages for lost profits or oppor-tunity; or ‘‘(iii) damages for pain and suffering. ‘‘(C) M
EASURE OF DAMAGES FOR REPUDI -
ATION OF FINANCIAL CONTRACTS .—In the case of any qualified financial contract or agree-ment to which paragraph (8) applies, com-pensatory damages shall be— ‘‘(i) deemed to include normal and reason-able costs of cover or other reasonable meas-ures of damages utilized in the industries for such contract and agreement claims; and ‘‘(ii) paid in accordance with this sub-section and subsection (j), except as other-wise specifically provided in this section. ‘‘(4) L
EASES UNDER WHICH THE SYSTEM INSTI -
TUTION IS THE LESSEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the conservator or re-ceiver disaffirms or repudiates a lease under which the System institution was the lessee, the conservator or receiver shall not be lia-ble for any damages (other than damages de-termined pursuant to subparagraph (B)) for the disaffirmance or repudiation of such lease. ‘‘(B) PAYMENTS OF RENT .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the lessor under a lease to which such subparagraph applies shall— ‘‘(i) be entitled to the contractual rent ac-cruing before the later of the date— ‘‘(I) the notice of disaffirmance or repudi-ation is mailed; or ‘‘(II) the disaffirmance or repudiation be-comes effective, unless the lessor is in de-fault or breach of the terms of the lease; and ‘‘(ii) have no claim for damages under any acceleration clause or other penalty provi-sion in the lease; and ‘‘(iii) have a claim for any unpaid rent, subject to all appropriate offsets and de-fenses, due as of the date of the appointment, which shall be paid in accordance with this subsection and subsection (j). ‘‘(5) L
EASES UNDER WHICH THE SYSTEM INSTI -
TUTION IS THE LESSOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the conservator or re-ceiver repudiates an unexpired written lease of real property of the System institution under which the System institution is the lessor and the lessee is not, as of the date of such repudiation, in default, the lessee under such lease may either— ‘‘(i) treat the lease as terminated by such repudiation; or ‘‘(ii) remain in possession of the leasehold interest for the balance of the term of the lease, unless the lessee defaults under the terms of the lease after the date of such re-pudiation. ‘‘(B) P
ROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO LESSEE RE -
MAINING IN POSSESSION .—If any lessee under a lease described in subparagraph (A) remains in possession of a leasehold interest pursuant to clause (ii) of such subparagraph— ‘‘(i) the lessee— ‘‘(I) shall continue to pay the contractual rent pursuant to the terms of the lease after the date of the repudiation of such lease; and ‘‘(II) may offset against any rent payment which accrues after the date of the repudi-ation of the lease, any damages which accrue after such date due to the nonperformance of any obligation of the System institution under the lease after such date; and ‘‘(ii) the conservator or receiver shall not be liable to the lessee for any damages aris-ing after such date as a result of the repudi-ation, other than the amount of any offset allowed under clause (i)(II). ‘‘(6) C
ONTRACTS FOR THE SALE OF REAL  
PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the conservator or re-ceiver repudiates any contract (which repu-diates any contract that meets the require-ments of paragraphs (1) through (4) of sec-tion 5.61(d) for the sale of real property, and the purchaser of such real property under such contract is in possession and is not, as of the date of such repudiation, in default, such purchaser may either— ‘‘(i) treat the contract as terminated by such repudiation; or ‘‘(ii) remain in possession of such real property. ‘‘(B) P
ROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PURCHASER  
REMAINING IN POSSESSION .—If any purchaser of real property under any contract de-scribed in subparagraph (A) remains in pos-session of such property pursuant to clause (ii) of such subparagraph— ‘‘(i) the purchaser— ‘‘(I) shall continue to make all payments due under the contract after the date of the repudiation of the contract; and ‘‘(II) may offset against any such payments any damages which accrue after such date due to the nonperformance (after such date) of any obligation of the System institution under the contract; and ‘‘(ii) the conservator or receiver shall— ‘‘(I) not be liable to the purchaser for any damages arising after that date as a result of the repudiation, other than the amount of any offset allowed under clause (i)(II); ‘‘(II) deliver title to the purchaser in ac-cordance with the contract; and ‘‘(III) have no obligation under the con-tract, other than the performance required under subclause (II). ‘‘(C) ASSIGNMENT AND SALE ALLOWED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—No provision of this para-graph shall be construed as limiting the right of the conservator or receiver to assign the contract described in subparagraph (A) and sell the property subject to the contract and this paragraph. ‘‘(ii) N
O LIABILITY AFTER ASSIGNMENT AND  
SALE .—If an assignment and sale described in clause (i) is consummated, the Corporation, acting as conservator or receiver, shall have no further liability under the applicable con-tract described in subparagraph (A) or with respect to the real property which was the subject of such contract. ‘‘(7) P
ROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SERVICE  
CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(A) S
ERVICES PERFORMED BEFORE APPOINT -
MENT .—In the case of any contract for serv-ices between any person and any System in-stitution for which the Corporation has been appointed conservator or receiver, any claim of such person for services performed before the appointment of the conservator or the receiver shall be— ‘‘(i) a claim to be paid in accordance with subsections (b) and (d); and ‘‘(ii) deemed to have arisen as of the date the conservator or receiver was appointed. ‘‘(B) S
ERVICES PERFORMED AFTER APPOINT -
MENT AND PRIOR TO REPUDIATION .—If, in the case of any contract for services described in subparagraph (A), the conservator or re-ceiver accepts performance by the other per-son before the conservator or receiver makes any determination to exercise the right of repudiation of such contract under this sec-tion— ‘‘(i) the other party shall be paid under the terms of the contract for the services per-formed; and ‘‘(ii) the amount of such payment shall be treated as an administrative expense of the conservatorship or receivership. ‘‘(C) A
CCEPTANCE OF PERFORMANCE NO BAR  
TO SUBSEQUENT REPUDIATION .—The accept-ance by any conservator or receiver of serv-ices referred to in subparagraph (B) in con-nection with a contract described in such subparagraph shall not affect the right of the conservator or receiver, to repudiate such contract under this section at any time after such performance. ‘‘(8) C
ERTAIN QUALIFIED FINANCIAL CON -
TRACTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) C
OMMODITY CONTRACT .—The term ‘com-modity contract’ means— ‘‘(I) with respect to a futures commission merchant, a contract for the purchase or sale of a commodity for future delivery on, or subject to the rules of, a contract market or board of trade; ‘‘(II) with respect to a foreign futures com-mission merchant, a foreign future; ‘‘(III) with respect to a leverage trans-action merchant, a leverage transaction; ‘‘(IV) with respect to a clearing organiza-tion, a contract for the purchase or sale of a commodity for future delivery on, or subject to the rules of, a contract market or board of trade that is cleared by such clearing organi-zation, or commodity option traded on, or subject to the rules of, a contract market or board of trade that is cleared by such clear-ing organization; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4568 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(V) with respect to a commodity options dealer, a commodity option; ‘‘(VI) any other agreement or transaction that is similar to any agreement or trans-action referred to in this clause; ‘‘(VII) any combination of the agreements or transactions referred to in this clause; ‘‘(VIII) any option to enter into any agree-ment or transaction referred to in this clause; ‘‘(IX) a master agreement that provides for an agreement or transaction referred to in any of subclauses (I) through (VIII), together with all supplements to any such master agreement, without regard to whether the master agreement provides for an agreement or transaction that is not a commodity con-tract under this clause, except that the mas-ter agreement shall be considered to be a commodity contract under this clause only with respect to each agreement or trans-action under the master agreement that is referred to in subclause (I), (II), (III), (IV), (V), (VI), (VII), or (VIII); or ‘‘(X) any security agreement or arrange-ment or other credit enhancement related to any agreement or transaction referred to in this clause, including any guarantee or reim-bursement obligation in connection with any agreement or transaction referred to in this clause. ‘‘(ii) F
ORWARD CONTRACT .—The term ‘for-ward contract’ means— ‘‘(I) a contract (other than a commodity contract) for the purchase, sale, or transfer of a commodity or any similar good, article, service, right, or interest which is presently or in the future becomes the subject of deal-ing in the forward contract trade, or product or byproduct thereof, with a maturity date more than 2 days after the date the contract is entered into, including a repurchase or re-verse repurchase transaction (whether or not such repurchase or reverse repurchase trans-action is a repurchase agreement), consign-ment, lease, swap, hedge transaction, de-posit, loan, option, allocated transaction, unallocated transaction, or any other simi-lar agreement; ‘‘(II) any combination of agreements or transactions referred to in subclauses (I) and (III); ‘‘(III) any option to enter into any agree-ment or transaction referred to in subclause (I) or (II); ‘‘(IV) a master agreement that provides for an agreement or transaction referred to in subclauses (I) through (III), together with all supplements to any such master agreement, without regard to whether the master agree-ment provides for an agreement or trans-action that is not a forward contract under this clause, except that the master agree-ment shall be considered to be a forward con-tract under this clause only with respect to each agreement or transaction under the master agreement that is referred to in sub-clause (I), (II), or (III); or ‘‘(V) any security agreement or arrange-ment or other credit enhancement related to any agreement or transaction referred to in subclause (I), (II), (III), or (IV), including any guarantee or reimbursement obligation in connection with any agreement or trans-action referred to in any such subclause. ‘‘(iii) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’— ‘‘(I) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 1 of title 1, United States Code; and ‘‘(II) includes any governmental entity. ‘‘(iv) Q
UALIFIED FINANCIAL CONTRACT .—The term ‘qualified financial contract’ means any securities contract, commodity con-tract, forward contract, repurchase agree-ment, swap agreement, and any similar agreement that the Corporation determines by regulation, resolution, or order to be a qualified financial contract for purposes of this paragraph. ‘‘(v) REPURCHASE AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘repurchase agreement’ (including with respect to a re-verse repurchase agreement)— ‘‘(aa) means— ‘‘(AA) an agreement, including related terms, which provides for the transfer of one or more certificates of deposit, mortgage-re-lated securities (as such term is defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))), mortgage loans, in-terests in mortgage-related securities or mortgage loans, eligible bankers’ accept-ances, qualified foreign government securi-ties or securities that are direct obligations of, or that are fully guaranteed by, the United States or any agency of the United States against the transfer of funds by the transferee of such certificates of deposit, eli-gible bankers’ acceptances, securities, mort-gage loans, or interests with a simultaneous agreement by such transferee to transfer to the transferor thereof certificates of deposit, eligible bankers’ acceptances, securities, mortgage loans, or interests as described above, at a date certain not later than 1 year after such transfers or on demand, against the transfer of funds, or any other similar agreement; ‘‘(BB) any combination of agreements or transactions referred to in subitems (AA) and (CC); ‘‘(CC) any option to enter into any agree-ment or transaction referred to in subitem (AA) or (BB); ‘‘(DD) a master agreement that provides for an agreement or transaction referred to in subitem (AA), (BB), or (CC), together with all supplements to any such master agree-ment, without regard to whether the master agreement provides for an agreement or transaction that is not a repurchase agree-ment under this item, except that the mas-ter agreement shall be considered to be a re-purchase agreement under this item only with respect to each agreement or trans-action under the master agreement that is referred to in subitem (AA), (BB), or (CC); and ‘‘(EE) any security agreement or ar-rangement or other credit enhancement re-lated to any agreement or transaction re-ferred to in any of subitems (AA) through (DD), including any guarantee or reimburse-ment obligation in connection with any agreement or transaction referred to in any such subitem; and ‘‘(bb) does not include any repurchase obli-gation under a participation in a commercial mortgage, loan unless the Corporation deter-mines by regulation, resolution, or order to include any such participation within the meaning of such term. ‘‘(II) R
ELATED DEFINITION .—For purposes of subclause (I)(aa), the term ‘qualified foreign government security’ means a security that is a direct obligation of, or that is fully guar-anteed by, the central government of a mem-ber of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (as determined by regulation or order adopted by the appro-priate Federal banking authority). ‘‘(vi) S
ECURITIES CONTRACT .—The term ‘se-curities contract’— ‘‘(I) means— ‘‘(aa) a contract for the purchase, sale, or loan of a security, a certificate of deposit, a mortgage loan, any interest in a mortgage loan, a group or index of securities, certifi-cates of deposit, or mortgage loans or inter-ests therein (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof) or any option on any of the foregoing, including any option to purchase or sell any such security, certifi-cate of deposit, mortgage loan, interest, group or index, or option, and including any repurchase or reverse repurchase transaction on any such security, certificate of deposit, mortgage loan, interest, group or index, or option (whether or not the repurchase or re-verse repurchase transaction is a repurchase agreement); ‘‘(bb) any option entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign cur-rencies; ‘‘(cc) the guarantee (including by novation) by or to any securities clearing agency of any settlement of cash, securities, certifi-cates of deposit, mortgage loans or interests therein, group or index of securities, certifi-cates of deposit, or mortgage loans or inter-ests therein (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof) or option on any of the foregoing, including any option to purchase or sell any such security, certifi-cate of deposit, mortgage loan, interest, group or index, or option (whether or not the settlement is in connection with any agree-ment or transaction referred to in any of items (aa), (bb), and (dd) through (kk)); ‘‘(dd) any margin loan; ‘‘(ee) any extension of credit for the clear-ance or settlement of securities trans-actions; ‘‘(ff) any loan transaction coupled with a securities collar transaction, any prepaid se-curities forward transaction, or any total re-turn swap transaction coupled with a securi-ties sale transaction; ‘‘(gg) any other agreement or transaction that is similar to any agreement or trans-action referred to in this subclause; ‘‘(hh) any combination of the agreements or transactions referred to in this subclause; ‘‘(ii) any option to enter into any agree-ment or transaction referred to in this sub-clause; ‘‘(jj) a master agreement that provides for an agreement or transaction referred to in any of items (aa) through (ii), together with all supplements to any such master agree-ment, without regard to whether the master agreement provides for an agreement or transaction that is not a securities contract under this subclause, except that the master agreement shall be considered to be a securi-ties contract under this subclause only with respect to each agreement or transaction under the master agreement that is referred to in item (aa), (bb), (cc), (dd), (ee), (ff), (gg), (hh), or (ii); and ‘‘(kk) any security agreement or arrange-ment or other credit enhancement related to any agreement or transaction referred to in this subclause, including any guarantee or reimbursement obligation in connection with any agreement or transaction referred to in this subclause; and ‘‘(II) does not include any purchase, sale, or repurchase obligation under a participa-tion in a commercial mortgage loan unless the Corporation determines by regulation, resolution, or order to include any such agreement within the meaning of such term. ‘‘(vii) SWAP AGREEMENT .—The term ‘swap agreement’ means— ‘‘(I) any agreement, including the terms and conditions incorporated by reference in any such agreement, that is— ‘‘(aa) an interest rate swap, option, future, or forward agreement, including a rate floor, rate cap, rate collar, cross-currency rate swap, and basis swap; ‘‘(bb) a spot, same day-tomorrow, tomor-row-next, forward, or other foreign exchange precious metals or other commodity agree-ment; ‘‘(cc) a currency swap, option, future, or forward agreement; ‘‘(dd) an equity index or equity swap, op-tion, future, or forward agreement; ‘‘(ee) a debt index or debt swap, option, fu-ture, or forward agreement; ‘‘(ff) a total return, credit spread or credit swap, option, future, or forward agreement; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4569 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(gg) a commodity index or commodity swap, option, future, or forward agreement; ‘‘(hh) a weather swap, option, future, or forward agreement; ‘‘(ii) an emissions swap, option, future, or forward agreement; or ‘‘(jj) an inflation swap, option, future, or forward agreement; ‘‘(II) any agreement or transaction that is similar to any other agreement or trans-action referred to in this clause and that is of a type that has been, is presently, or in the future becomes, the subject of recurrent dealings in the swap or other derivatives markets (including terms and conditions in-corporated by reference in such agreement) and that is a forward, swap, future, option or spot transaction on one or more rates, cur-rencies, commodities, equity securities or other equity instruments, debt securities or other debt instruments, quantitative meas-ures associated with an occurrence, extent of an occurrence, or contingency associated with a financial, commercial, or economic consequence, or economic or financial indi-ces or measures of economic or financial risk or value; ‘‘(III) any combination of agreements or transactions referred to in this clause; ‘‘(IV) any option to enter into any agree-ment or transaction referred to in this clause; ‘‘(V) a master agreement that provides for an agreement or transaction referred to in any of subclauses (I) through (IV), together with all supplements to any such master agreement, without regard to whether the master agreement contains an agreement or transaction that is not a swap agreement under this clause, except that the master agreement shall be considered to be a swap agreement under this clause only with re-spect to each agreement or transaction under the master agreement that is referred to in subclause (I), (II), (III), or (IV); and ‘‘(VI) any security agreement or arrange-ment or other credit enhancement related to any agreements or transactions referred to in any of subclauses (I) through (V), includ-ing any guarantee or reimbursement obliga-tion in connection with any agreement or transaction referred to in any such sub-clause. ‘‘(viii) T
RANSFER .—The term ‘transfer’ means every mode, direct or indirect, abso-lute or conditional, voluntary or involun-tary, of disposing of or parting with property or with an interest in property, including re-tention of title as a security interest and foreclosure of the equity of redemption of a System institution. ‘‘(ix) T
REATMENT OF MASTER AGREEMENT AS  
1 AGREEMENT .—For purposes of this subpara-graph— ‘‘(I) any master agreement for any con-tract or agreement described in this subpara-graph (or any master agreement for such a master agreement or agreements), together with all supplements to the master agree-ment, shall be treated as a single agreement and a single qualified financial contact; and ‘‘(II) if a master agreement contains provi-sions relating to agreements or transactions that are not qualified financial contracts, the master agreement shall be deemed to be a qualified financial contract only with re-spect to those transactions that are them-selves qualified financial contracts. ‘‘(B) R
IGHTS OF PARTIES TO CONTRACTS .— Subject to paragraphs (9) and (10), and not-withstanding any other provision of this Act (other than subsection (b)(9) and section 5.61(d)) or any other Federal or State law, no person shall be stayed or prohibited from ex-ercising— ‘‘(i) any right such person has to cause the termination, liquidation, or acceleration of any qualified financial contract with a Sys-tem institution which arises upon the ap-pointment of the Corporation as receiver for such System institution at any time after such appointment; ‘‘(ii) any right under any security agree-ment or arrangement or other credit en-hancement related to one or more qualified financial contracts described in clause (i); or ‘‘(iii) any right to offset or net out any ter-mination value, payment amount, or other transfer obligation arising under, or in con-nection with, 1 or more contracts and agree-ments described in clause (i), including any master agreement for such contracts or agreements. ‘‘(C) APPLICABILITY OF OTHER PROVISIONS .— Subsection (b)(12) shall apply in the case of any judicial action or proceeding brought against any receiver referred to in subpara-graph (A), or the System institution for which such receiver was appointed, by any party to a contract or agreement described in subparagraph (B)(i) with such System in-stitution. ‘‘(D) C
ERTAIN TRANSFERS NOT AVOIDABLE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (11) or any other Federal or State law relating to the avoidance of preferential or fraudulent transfers, the Corporation, whether acting as such or as conservator or receiver of a System institution, may not avoid any transfer of money or other prop-erty in connection with any qualified finan-cial contract with a System institution. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TRANSFERS .— Clause (i) shall not apply to any transfer of money or other property in connection with any qualified financial contract with a Sys-tem institution if the Corporation deter-mines that the transferee had actual intent to hinder, delay, or defraud such System in-stitution, the creditors of such System insti-tution, or any conservator or receiver ap-pointed for such System institution. ‘‘(E) C
ERTAIN PROTECTIONS IN EVENT OF AP -
POINTMENT OF CONSERVATOR .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this Act (other than subparagraph (G), paragraph (10), subsection (b)(9), and section 5.61(d)) or any other Federal or State law, no person shall be stayed or prohibited from exercising— ‘‘(i) any right such person has to cause the termination, liquidation, or acceleration of any qualified financial contract with a Sys-tem institution in a conservatorship based upon a default under such financial contract which is enforceable under applicable non-insolvency law; ‘‘(ii) any right under any security agree-ment or arrangement or other credit en-hancement related to one or more qualified financial contracts described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) any right to offset or net out any ter-mination values, payment amounts, or other transfer obligations arising under or in con-nection with such qualified financial con-tracts. ‘‘(F) C
LARIFICATION .—No provision of law shall be construed as limiting the right or power of the Corporation, or authorizing any court or agency to limit or delay, in any manner, the right or power of the Corpora-tion to transfer any qualified financial con-tract in accordance with paragraphs (9) and (10) or to disaffirm or repudiate any such contract in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(G) W
ALKAWAY CLAUSES NOT EFFECTIVE .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF WALKAWAY CLAUSE .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘walkaway clause’ means any provision in a qualified fi-nancial contract that suspends, conditions, or extinguishes a payment obligation of a party, in whole or in part, or does not create a payment obligation of a party that would otherwise exist— ‘‘(I) solely because of— ‘‘(aa) the status of the party as a non-defaulting party in connection with the in-solvency of a System institution that is a party to the contract; or ‘‘(bb) the appointment of, or the exercise of rights or powers by, the Corporation as a conservator or receiver of the System insti-tution; and ‘‘(II) not as a result of the exercise by a party of any right to offset, setoff, or net ob-ligations that exist under— ‘‘(aa) the contract; ‘‘(bb) any other contract between those parties; or ‘‘(cc) applicable law. ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT .—Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraphs (B) and (E), no walkaway clause shall be enforceable in a qualified financial contract of a System in-stitution in default. ‘‘(iii) L
IMITED SUSPENSION OF CERTAIN OBLI -
GATIONS .—In the case of a qualified financial contract referred to in clause (ii), any pay-ment or delivery obligations otherwise due from a party pursuant to the qualified finan-cial contract shall be suspended from the time the receiver is appointed until the ear-lier of— ‘‘(I) the time such party receives notice that such contract has been transferred pur-suant to subparagraph (B); or ‘‘(II) 5:00 p.m. (eastern time) on the busi-ness day following the date of the appoint-ment of the receiver. ‘‘(H) R
ECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS .—The Corporation, in consultation with the Farm Credit Administration, may prescribe regu-lations requiring more detailed record-keeping by any System institution with re-spect to qualified financial contracts (includ-ing market valuations), only if such System institution is subject to subclause (I), (III), or (IV) of section 5.61B(a)(1)(A)(ii). ‘‘(9) T
RANSFER OF QUALIFIED FINANCIAL CON -
TRACTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) C
LEARING ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘clearing organization’ has the meaning given the term in section 402 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (12 U.S.C. 4402). ‘‘(ii) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘fi-nancial institution’ means a System institu-tion, a broker or dealer, a depository institu-tion, a futures commission merchant, or any other institution, as determined by the Cor-poration by regulation to be a financial in-stitution. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—In making any trans-fer of assets or liabilities of a System insti-tution in default which includes any quali-fied financial contract, the conservator or receiver for such System institution shall ei-ther— ‘‘(i) transfer to one financial institution, other than a financial institution for which a conservator, receiver, trustee in bank-ruptcy, or other legal custodian has been ap-pointed, or that is otherwise the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding— ‘‘(I) all qualified financial contracts be-tween any person or any affiliate of such per-son and the System institution in default; ‘‘(II) all claims of such person or any affil-iate of such person against such System in-stitution under any such contract (other than any claim which, under the terms of any such contract, is subordinated to the claims of general unsecured creditors of such System institution); ‘‘(III) all claims of such System institution against such person or any affiliate of such person under any such contract; and ‘‘(IV) all property securing or any other credit enhancement for any contract de-scribed in subclause (I) or any claim de-scribed in subclause (II) or (III) under any such contract; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4570 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) transfer none of the qualified finan-cial contracts, claims, property or other credit enhancement referred to in clause (i) (with respect to such person and any affiliate of such person). ‘‘(C) T
RANSFER TO FOREIGN BANK , FOREIGN  
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION , OR BRANCH OR AGENCY  
OF A FOREIGN BANK OR FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TION.—In transferring any qualified financial contracts and related claims and property under subparagraph (B)(i), the conservator or receiver for the System institution shall not make such transfer to a foreign bank, finan-cial institution organized under the laws of a foreign country, or a branch or agency of a foreign bank or financial institution unless, under the law applicable to such bank, finan-cial institution, branch or agency, to the qualified financial contracts, and to any net-ting contract, any security agreement or ar-rangement or other credit enhancement re-lated to one or more qualified financial con-tracts, the contractual rights of the parties to such qualified financial contracts, netting contracts, security agreements or arrange-ments, or other credit enhancements are en-forceable substantially to the same extent as permitted under this section. ‘‘(D) T
RANSFER OF CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO  
THE RULES OF A CLEARING ORGANIZATION .—In the event that a conservator or receiver transfers any qualified financial contract and related claims, property, and credit en-hancements pursuant to subparagraph (B)(i) and such contract is cleared by or subject to the rules of a clearing organization, the clearing organization shall not be required to accept the transferee as a member by vir-tue of the transfer. ‘‘(10) N
OTIFICATION OF TRANSFER .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF BUSINESS DAY .—In this paragraph, the term ‘business day’ means any day other than any Saturday, Sunday, or any day on which either the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed. ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION .—If— ‘‘(i) the conservator or receiver for a Sys-tem institution in default makes any trans-fer of the assets and liabilities of such Sys-tem institution; and ‘‘(ii) the transfer includes any qualified fi-nancial contract, the conservator or receiver shall notify any person who is a party to any such contract of such transfer by 5:00 p.m. (eastern time) on the business day following the date of the appointment of the receiver in the case of a receivership, or the business day following such transfer in the case of a conservatorship. ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN RIGHTS NOT ENFORCEABLE .— ‘‘(i) R
ECEIVERSHIP .—A person who is a party to a qualified financial contract with a System institution may not exercise any right that such person has to terminate, liq-uidate, or net such contract under paragraph (8)(B) of this subsection, solely by reason of or incidental to the appointment of a re-ceiver for the System institution (or the in-solvency or financial condition of the Sys-tem institution for which the receiver has been appointed)— ‘‘(I) until 5:00 p.m. (eastern time) on the business day following the date of the ap-pointment of the receiver; or ‘‘(II) after the person has received notice that the contract has been transferred pursu-ant to paragraph (9)(B). ‘‘(ii) C
ONSERVATORSHIP .—A person who is a party to a qualified financial contract with a System institution may not exercise any right that such person has to terminate, liq-uidate, or net such contract under paragraph (8)(E) of this subsection, solely by reason of or incidental to the appointment of a conser-vator for the System institution (or the in-solvency or financial condition of the Sys-tem institution for which the conservator has been appointed). ‘‘(iii) NOTICE .—For purposes of this para-graph, the Corporation as receiver or conser-vator of a System institution shall be deemed to have notified a person who is a party to a qualified financial contract with such System institution if the Corporation has taken steps reasonably calculated to pro-vide notice to such person by the time speci-fied in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF BRIDGE SYSTEM INSTI -
TUTIONS .—The following System institutions shall not be considered to be a financial in-stitution for which a conservator, receiver, trustee in bankruptcy, or other legal custo-dian has been appointed or which is other-wise the subject of a bankruptcy or insol-vency proceeding for purposes of paragraph (9): ‘‘(i) A bridge System bank. ‘‘(ii) A System institution organized by the Corporation or the Farm Credit Administra-tion, for which a conservator is appointed ei-ther— ‘‘(I) immediately upon the organization of the System institution; or ‘‘(II) at the time of a purchase and assump-tion transaction between the System institu-tion and the Corporation as receiver for a System institution in default. ‘‘(11) D
ISAFFIRMANCE OR REPUDIATION OF  
QUALIFIED FINANCIAL CONTRACTS .—In exer- cising the rights of disaffirmance or repudi-ation of a conservator or receiver with re-spect to any qualified financial contract to which a System institution is a party, the conservator or receiver for such System in-stitution shall either— ‘‘(A) disaffirm or repudiate all qualified fi-nancial contracts between— ‘‘(i) any person or any affiliate of such per-son; and ‘‘(ii) the System institution in default; or ‘‘(B) disaffirm or repudiate none of the qualified financial contracts referred to in subparagraph (A) (with respect to such per-son or any affiliate of such person). ‘‘(12) C
ERTAIN SECURITY INTERESTS NOT  
AVOIDABLE .—No provision of this subsection shall be construed as permitting the avoid-ance of any legally enforceable or perfected security interest in any of the assets of any System institution except where such an in-terest is taken in contemplation of the Sys-tem institution’s insolvency or with the in-tent to hinder, delay, or defraud the System institution or the creditors of such System institution. ‘‘(13) A
UTHORITY TO ENFORCE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The conservator or re-ceiver may enforce any contract, other than a director’s or officer’s liability insurance contract or a System institution bond, en-tered into by the System institution not-withstanding any provision of the contract providing for termination, default, accelera-tion, or exercise of rights upon, or solely by reason of, insolvency or the appointment of or the exercise of rights or powers by a con-servator or receiver. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN RIGHTS NOT AFFECTED .—No provision of this paragraph may be construed as impairing or affecting any right of the conservator or receiver to enforce or recover under a director’s or officer’s liability insur-ance contract or institution bond under other applicable law. ‘‘(C) C
ONSENT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided by this section, no person may exercise any right or power to terminate, accelerate, or declare a default under any contract to which the System institution is a party, or to obtain possession of or exercise control over any property of the System institution or affect any contractual rights of the Sys-tem institution, without the consent of the conservator or receiver, as appropriate, dur-ing the 45-day period beginning on the date of the appointment of the conservator, or during the 90-day period beginning on the date of the appointment of the receiver, as applicable. ‘‘(ii) CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS .—No provision of this subparagraph shall apply to a director or officer liability insurance contract or an institution bond, to the rights of parties to certain qualified financial contracts pursu-ant to paragraph (8), or shall be construed as permitting the conservator or receiver to fail to comply with otherwise enforceable provisions of such contract. ‘‘(14) E
XCEPTION FOR FEDERAL RESERVE AND  
THE UNITED STATES TREASURY .—No provision of this subsection shall apply with respect to— ‘‘(A) any extension of credit from any Fed-eral Reserve bank or the United States Treasury to any System institution; or ‘‘(B) any security interest in the assets of the System institution securing any such ex-tension of credit. ‘‘(15) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The meanings of terms used in this subsection— ‘‘(A) are applicable for purposes of this sub-section only; and ‘‘(B) shall not be construed or applied so as to challenge or affect the characterization, definition, or treatment of any similar terms under any other law, regulation, or rule, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 note; Public Law 106–102); ‘‘(ii) the Legal Certainty for Bank Prod-ucts Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 27 et seq.); ‘‘(iii) the securities laws (as that term is defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))); and ‘‘(iv) the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). ‘‘(d) V
ALUATION OF CLAIMS IN DEFAULT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal law or the law of any State and regardless of the method which the Corporation determines to utilize with respect to a System institution in de-fault or in danger of default, including trans-actions authorized under subsection (h) and section 5.61(a), this subsection shall govern the rights of the creditors of such System in-stitution. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM LIABILITY .—The maximum liability of the Corporation, acting as re-ceiver or in any other capacity, to any per-son having a claim against the receiver or the System institution for which such re-ceiver is appointed shall equal the amount such claimant would have received if the Corporation had liquidated the assets and li-abilities of such System institution without exercising the Corporation’s authority under subsection (h) or section 5.61(a). ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL PAYMENTS AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation may, in its discretion and in the interests of mini-mizing its losses, use its own resources to make additional payments or credit addi-tional amounts to or with respect to or for the account of any claimant or category of claimants. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of Federal or State law, or the constitu-tion of any State, the Corporation shall not be obligated, as a result of having made any such payment or credited any such amount to or with respect to or for the account of any claimant or category of claimants, to make payments to any other claimant or category of claimants. ‘‘(B) M
ANNER OF PAYMENT .—The Corpora-tion may make the payments or credit the amounts specified in subparagraph (A) di-rectly to the claimants or may make such payments or credit such amounts to an open System institution to induce such System 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4571 June 27, 2018 
institution to accept liability for such claims. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON COURT ACTION .—Except as provided in this section, no court may take any action, except at the written re-quest of the Board of Directors, to restrain or affect the exercise of powers or functions of the Corporation as a conservator or a re-ceiver. ‘‘(f) L
IABILITY OF DIRECTORS AND OFFI-
CERS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A director or officer of a System institution may be held personally liable for monetary damages in any civil ac-tion— ‘‘(A) brought by, on behalf of, or at the re-quest or direction of the Corporation; ‘‘(B) prosecuted wholly or partially for the benefit of the Corporation— ‘‘(i) acting as conservator or receiver of that System institution; ‘‘(ii) acting based on a suit, claim, or cause of action purchased from, assigned by, or otherwise conveyed by that receiver or con-servator; or ‘‘(iii) acting based on a suit, claim, or cause of action purchased from, assigned by, or otherwise conveyed in whole or in part by a System institution or an affiliate of a Sys-tem institution in connection with assist-ance provided under section 5.61(a); and ‘‘(C) for, as determined under the applica-ble State law— ‘‘(i) gross negligence; or ‘‘(ii) any similar conduct, including con-duct that demonstrates a greater disregard of a duty of care than gross negligence, such as intentional tortious conduct. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT .—Nothing in paragraph (1) im-pairs or affects any right of the Corporation under any other applicable law. ‘‘(g) D
AMAGES .—In any proceeding related to any claim against a System institution’s director, officer, employee, agent, attorney, accountant, appraiser, or any other party employed by or providing services to a Sys-tem institution, recoverable damages deter-mined to result from the improvident or oth-erwise improper use or investment of any System institution’s assets shall include principal losses and appropriate interest. ‘‘(h) B
RIDGE FARM CREDIT SYSTEM BANKS .— ‘‘(1) O
RGANIZATION .— ‘‘(A) P
URPOSE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—When 1 or more System banks are in default, or when the Corpora-tion anticipates that 1 or more System banks may become in default, the Corpora-tion may, in its discretion, organize, and the Farm Credit Administration may, in its dis-cretion, charter, 1 or more System banks, with the powers and attributes of System banks, subject to the provisions of this sub-section, to be referred to as ‘bridge System banks’. ‘‘(ii) I
NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is the intent of the Congress that, in order to prevent un-necessary hardship or losses to the cus-tomers of any System bank in default with respect to which a bridge System bank is chartered, the Corporation should— ‘‘(I) continue to honor commitments made by the System bank in default to credit-worthy customers; and ‘‘(II) not interrupt or terminate adequately secured loans which are transferred under this subsection and are being repaid by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the loan instrument. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITIES .—Once chartered by the Farm Credit Administration, the bridge Sys-tem bank may— ‘‘(i) assume such liabilities of the System bank or banks in default or in danger of de-fault as the Corporation may, in its discre-tion, determine to be appropriate; ‘‘(ii) purchase such assets of the System bank or banks in default or in danger of de-fault as the Corporation may, in its discre-tion, determine to be appropriate; and ‘‘(iii) perform any other temporary func-tion which the Corporation may, in its dis-cretion, prescribe in accordance with this Act. ‘‘(C) ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION .—The arti- cles of association and organization certifi-cate of a bridge System bank as approved by the Corporation shall be executed by 3 rep-resentatives designated by the Corporation. ‘‘(D) I
NTERIM DIRECTORS .—A bridge System bank shall have an interim board of directors consisting of not fewer than 5 nor more than 10 members appointed by the Corporation. ‘‘(2) C
HARTERING .— ‘‘(A) C
ONDITIONS .—The Farm Credit Admin-istration may charter a bridge System bank only if the Board of Directors determines that— ‘‘(i) the amount which is reasonably nec-essary to operate such bridge System bank will not exceed the amount which is reason-ably necessary to save the cost of liquidating 1 or more System banks in default or in dan-ger of default with respect to which the bridge System bank is chartered; ‘‘(ii) the continued operation of such Sys-tem bank or banks in default or in danger of default with respect to which the bridge Sys-tem bank is chartered is essential to provide adequate farm credit services in the 1 or more communities where each such System bank in default or in danger of default is or was providing those farm credit services; or ‘‘(iii) the continued operation of such Sys-tem bank or banks in default or in danger of default with respect to which the bridge Sys-tem bank is chartered is in the best interest of the Farm Credit System or the public. ‘‘(B) B
RIDGE SYSTEM BANK TREATED AS  
BEING IN DEFAULT FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—A bridge System bank shall be treated as being in default at such times and for such pur-poses as the Corporation may, in its discre-tion, determine. ‘‘(C) M
ANAGEMENT .—A bridge System bank, upon the granting of its charter, shall be under the management of a board of direc-tors consisting of not fewer than 5 nor more than 10 members appointed by the Corpora-tion, in consultation with the Farm Credit Administration. ‘‘(D) B
YLAWS .—The board of directors of a bridge System bank shall adopt such bylaws as may be approved by the Corporation. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES .— ‘‘(A) T
RANSFER UPON GRANT OF CHARTER .— Upon the granting of a charter to a bridge System bank pursuant to this subsection, the Corporation, as receiver, may transfer any assets and liabilities of the System bank to the bridge System bank in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT TRANSFERS .—At any time after a charter is granted to a bridge System bank, the Corporation, as receiver, may transfer any assets and liabilities of such System bank in default as the Corporation may, in its discretion, determine to be ap-propriate in accordance with paragraph (1). ‘‘(C) E
FFECTIVE WITHOUT APPROVAL .—The transfer of any assets or liabilities of a Sys-tem bank in default or danger of default transferred to a bridge System bank shall be effective without any further approval under Federal or State law, assignment, or consent with respect thereto. ‘‘(4) P
OWERS OF BRIDGE SYSTEM BANKS .— Each bridge System bank chartered under this subsection shall, to the extent described in the charter of the System bank in default with respect to which the bridge System bank is chartered, have all corporate powers of, and be subject to the same provisions of law as, any System bank, except that— ‘‘(A) the Corporation may— ‘‘(i) remove the interim directors and di-rectors of a bridge System bank; ‘‘(ii) fix the compensation of members of the interim board of directors and the board of directors and senior management, as de-termined by the Corporation in its discre-tion, of a bridge System bank; and ‘‘(iii) waive any requirement established under Federal or State law which would oth-erwise be applicable with respect to directors of a bridge System bank, on the condition that the waiver of any requirement estab-lished by the Farm Credit Administration shall require the concurrence of the Farm Credit Administration; ‘‘(B) the Corporation may indemnify the representatives for purposes of paragraph (1)(B) and the interim directors, directors, officers, employees, and agents of a bridge System bank on such terms as the Corpora-tion determines to be appropriate; ‘‘(C) no requirement under any provision of law relating to the capital of a System insti-tution shall apply with respect to a bridge System bank; ‘‘(D) the Farm Credit Administration Board may establish a limitation on the ex-tent to which any person may become in-debted to a bridge System bank without re-gard to the amount of the bridge System bank’s capital or surplus; ‘‘(E)(i) the board of directors of a bridge System bank shall elect a chairperson who may also serve in the position of chief execu-tive officer, except that such person shall not serve either as chairperson or as chief executive officer without the prior approval of the Corporation; and ‘‘(ii) the board of directors of a bridge Sys-tem bank may appoint a chief executive offi-cer who is not also the chairperson, except that such person shall not serve as chief ex-ecutive officer without the prior approval of the Corporation; ‘‘(F) the Farm Credit Administration may waive any requirement for a fidelity bond with respect to a bridge System bank at the request of the Corporation; ‘‘(G) any judicial action to which a bridge System bank becomes a party by virtue of its acquisition of any assets or assumption of any liabilities of a System bank in default shall be stayed from further proceedings for a period of up to 45 days at the request of the bridge System bank; ‘‘(H) no agreement which tends to diminish or defeat the right, title or interest of a bridge System bank in any asset of a System bank in default acquired by it shall be valid against the bridge System bank unless such agreement— ‘‘(i) is in writing; ‘‘(ii) was executed by such System bank in default and the person or persons claiming an adverse interest thereunder, including the obligor, contemporaneously with the acqui-sition of the asset by such System bank in default; ‘‘(iii) was approved by the board of direc-tors of such System bank in default or its loan committee, which approval shall be re-flected in the minutes of said board or com-mittee; and ‘‘(iv) has been, continuously from the time of its execution, an official record of such System bank in default; ‘‘(I) notwithstanding subsection 5.61(d)(2), any agreement relating to an extension of credit between a System bank, Federal Re-serve bank, or the United States Treasury and any System institution which was exe-cuted before the extension of credit by such lender to such System institution shall be treated as having been executed contempora-neously with such extension of credit for purposes of subparagraph (H); and ‘‘(J) except with the prior approval of the Corporation and the concurrence of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4572 June 27, 2018 
Farm Credit Administration, a bridge Sys-tem bank may not, in any transaction or se-ries of transactions, issue capital stock or be a party to any merger, consolidation, dis-position of substantially all of the assets or liabilities of the bridge System bank, sale or exchange of capital stock, or similar trans-action, or change its charter. ‘‘(5) C
APITAL .— ‘‘(A) N
O CAPITAL REQUIRED .—The Corpora-tion shall not be required to— ‘‘(i) issue any capital stock on behalf of a bridge System bank chartered under this subsection; or ‘‘(ii) purchase any capital stock of a bridge System bank, except that notwithstanding any other provision of Federal or State law, the Corporation may purchase and retain capital stock of a bridge System bank in such amounts and on such terms as the Cor-poration, in its discretion, determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(B) O
PERATING FUNDS IN LIEU OF CAP -
ITAL.—Upon the organization of a bridge Sys-tem bank, and thereafter, as the Corporation may, in its discretion, determine to be nec-essary or advisable, the Corporation may make available to the bridge System bank, upon such terms and conditions and in such form and amounts as the Corporation may in its discretion determine, funds for the oper-ation of the bridge System bank in lieu of capital. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORITY TO ISSUE CAPITAL STOCK .— Whenever the Farm Credit Administration Board determines it is advisable to do so, the Corporation shall cause capital stock of a bridge System bank to be issued and offered for sale in such amounts and on such terms and conditions as the Corporation may, in its discretion, determine. ‘‘(6) E
MPLOYEE STATUS .—Representatives for purposes of paragraph (1)(C), interim di-rectors, directors, officers, employees, or agents of a bridge System bank are not, sole-ly by virtue of service in any such capacity, officers or employees of the United States. Any employee of the Corporation, the Farm Credit Administration, or any Federal in-strumentality who serves at the request of the Corporation as a representative for pur-poses of paragraph (1)(C), interim director, director, officer, employee, or agent of a bridge System bank shall not— ‘‘(A) solely by virtue of service in any such capacity lose any existing status as an offi-cer or employee of the United States for pur-poses of any provision of law; or ‘‘(B) receive any salary or benefits for serv-ice in any such capacity with respect to a bridge System bank in addition to such sal-ary or benefits as are obtained through em-ployment with the Corporation or such Fed-eral instrumentality. ‘‘(7) A
SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Cor-poration may, in its discretion, provide as-sistance under section 5.61(a) to facilitate any merger or consolidation of a bridge Sys-tem bank in the same manner and to the same extent as such assistance may be pro-vided to a qualifying insured System bank (as defined in section 5.61(a)(2)(B)) or to fa-cilitate a bridge System bank’s acquisition of any assets or the assumption of any liabil-ities of a System bank in default or in dan-ger of default. ‘‘(8) D
URATION OF BRIDGE SYSTEM BANKS .— Subject to paragraphs (10) and (11), the sta-tus of a bridge System bank as such shall terminate at the end of the 2-year period fol-lowing the date it was granted a charter. The Farm Credit Administration Board may, in its discretion, extend the status of the bridge System bank as such for 3 additional 1-year periods. ‘‘(9) T
ERMINATION OF BRIDGE SYSTEM BANKS  
STATUS .—The status of any bridge System bank as such shall terminate upon the ear-liest of— ‘‘(A) the merger or consolidation of the bridge System bank with a System institu-tion that is not a bridge System bank, on the condition that the merger or consolidation shall be subject to the approval of the Farm Credit Administration; ‘‘(B) at the election of the Corporation and with the approval of the Farm Credit Admin-istration, the sale of a majority or all of the capital stock of the bridge System bank to a System institution or another bridge System bank; ‘‘(C) at the election of the Corporation, and with the approval of the Farm Credit Admin-istration, either the assumption of all or substantially all of the liabilities of the bridge System bank, or the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of the bridge System bank, by a System institution that is not a bridge System bank or other entity as permitted under applicable law; and ‘‘(D) the expiration of the period provided in paragraph (8), or the earlier dissolution of the bridge System bank as provided in para-graph (11). ‘‘(10) EFFECT OF TERMINATION EVENTS .— ‘‘(A) M
ERGER OR CONSOLIDATION .—A bridge System bank that participates in a merger or consolidation as provided in paragraph (9)(A) shall be for all purposes a System in-stitution, with all the rights, powers, and privileges thereof, and such merger or con-solidation shall be conducted in accordance with, and shall have the effect provided in, the provisions of applicable law. ‘‘(B) C
HARTER CONVERSION .—Following the sale of a majority or all of the capital stock of the bridge System bank as provided in paragraph (9)(B), the Farm Credit Adminis-tration Board may amend the charter of the bridge System bank to reflect the termi-nation of the status of the bridge System bank as such, whereupon the System bank shall remain a System bank, with all of the rights, powers, and privileges thereof, sub-ject to all laws and regulations applicable thereto. ‘‘(C) A
SSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES AND SALE  
OF ASSETS .—Following the assumption of all or substantially all of the liabilities of the bridge System bank, or the sale of all or sub-stantially all of the assets of the bridge Sys-tem bank, as provided in paragraph (9)(C), at the election of the Corporation, the bridge System bank may retain its status as such for the period provided in paragraph (8). ‘‘(D) A
MENDMENTS TO CHARTER .—Following the consummation of a transaction described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (9), the charter of the resulting System insti-tution shall be amended by the Farm Credit Administration to reflect the termination of bridge System bank status, if appropriate. ‘‘(11) D
ISSOLUTION OF BRIDGE SYSTEM  
BANK .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of State or Federal law, if the bridge System bank’s status as such has not previously been terminated by the occur-rence of an event specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (9)— ‘‘(i) the Corporation, after consultation with the Farm Credit Administration, may, in its discretion, dissolve a bridge System bank in accordance with this paragraph at any time; and ‘‘(ii) the Corporation, after consultation with the Farm Credit Administration, shall promptly commence dissolution proceedings in accordance with this paragraph upon the expiration of the 2-year period following the date the bridge System bank was chartered, or any extension thereof, as provided in paragraph (8). ‘‘(B) PROCEDURES .—The Farm Credit Ad-ministration Board shall appoint the Cor-poration as receiver for a bridge System bank upon determining to dissolve the bridge System bank. The Corporation as such re-ceiver shall wind up the affairs of the bridge System bank in conformity with the provi-sions of law relating to the liquidation of closed System banks. With respect to any such bridge System bank, the Corporation as such receiver shall have all the rights, pow-ers, and privileges and shall perform the du-ties related to the exercise of such rights, powers, or privileges granted by law to a re-ceiver of any insured System bank and, not-withstanding any other provision of law in the exercise of such rights, powers, and privi-leges, the Corporation shall not be subject to the direction or supervision of any State agency or other Federal agency. ‘‘(12) M
ULTIPLE BRIDGE SYSTEM BANKS .—The Corporation may, in the Corporation’s dis-cretion, organize, and the Farm Credit Ad-ministration may, in its discretion, charter, 2 or more bridge System banks under this subsection to assume any liabilities and pur-chase any assets of a single System institu-tion in default. ‘‘(i) C
ERTAIN SALES OF ASSETS PROHIB -
ITED.— ‘‘(1) P
ERSONS WHO ENGAGED IN IMPROPER  
CONDUCT WITH , OR CAUSED LOSSES TO , SYSTEM  
INSTITUTIONS .—The Corporation shall pre-scribe regulations which, at a minimum, shall prohibit the sale of assets of a failed System institution by the Corporation to— ‘‘(A) any person who— ‘‘(i) has defaulted, or was a member of a partnership or an officer or director of a cor-poration that has defaulted, on 1 or more ob-ligations the aggregate amount of which ex-ceed $1,000,000, to such failed System institu-tion; ‘‘(ii) has been found to have engaged in fraudulent activity in connection with any obligation referred to in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) proposes to purchase any such asset in whole or in part through the use of the proceeds of a loan or advance of credit from the Corporation or from any System institu-tion for which the Corporation has been ap-pointed as conservator or receiver; ‘‘(B) any person who participated, as an of-ficer or director of such failed System insti-tution or of any affiliate of such System in-stitution, in a material way in transactions that resulted in a substantial loss to such failed System institution; ‘‘(C) any person who has been removed from, or prohibited from participating in the affairs of, such failed System institution pursuant to any final enforcement action by the Farm Credit Administration; ‘‘(D) any person who has demonstrated a pattern or practice of defalcation regarding obligations to such failed System institu-tion; or ‘‘(E) any person who is in default on any loan or other extension of credit from such failed System institution which, if not paid, will cause substantial loss to the System in-stitution or the Corporation. ‘‘(2) D
EFAULTED DEBTORS .—Except as pro-vided in paragraph (3), any person who is in default on any loan or other extension of credit from the System institution, which, if not paid, will cause substantial loss to the System institution or the Corporation, may not purchase any asset from the conservator or receiver. ‘‘(3) S
ETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the sale or transfer by the Corporation of any asset of any System in-stitution to any person if the sale or transfer of the asset resolves or settles, or is part of the resolution or settlement, of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4573 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) 1 or more claims that have been, or could have been, asserted by the Corporation against the person; or ‘‘(B) obligations owed by the person to any System institution, or the Corporation. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF DEFAULT .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘default’ means a failure to comply with the terms of a loan or other obligation to such an extent that the property securing the obligation is fore-closed upon. ‘‘(j) E
XPEDITED PROCEDURES FOR CERTAIN  C
LAIMS .— ‘‘(1) T
IME FOR FILING NOTICE OF APPEAL .— The notice of appeal of any order, whether interlocutory or final, entered in any case brought by the Corporation against a Sys-tem institution’s director, officer, employee, agent, attorney, accountant, or appraiser or any other person employed by or providing services to a System institution shall be filed not later than 30 days after the date of entry of the order. The hearing of the appeal shall be held not later than 120 days after the date of the notice of appeal. The appeal shall be decided not later than 180 days after the date of the notice of appeal. ‘‘(2) S
CHEDULING .—A court of the United States shall expedite the consideration of any case brought by the Corporation against a System institution’s director, officer, em-ployee, agent, attorney, accountant, or ap-praiser or any other person employed by or providing services to a System institution. As far as practicable the court shall give such case priority on its docket. ‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL DISCRETION .—The court may modify the schedule and limitations stated in paragraphs (1) and (2) in a particular case, based on a specific finding that the ends of justice that would be served by making such a modification would outweigh the best in-terest of the public in having the case re-solved expeditiously. ‘‘(k) B
OND NOTREQUIRED ; AGENTS ; FEE.— The Corporation as conservator or receiver of a System institution shall not be required to furnish bond and may appoint an agent or agents to assist in its duties as such conser-vator or receiver. All fees, compensation, and expenses of liquidation and administra-tion shall be fixed by the Corporation and may be paid by it out of funds coming into its possession as such conservator or re-ceiver. ‘‘(l) C
ONSULTATION REGARDING  C
ONSERVATORSHIPS AND RECEIVERSHIPS .—To the extent practicable— ‘‘(1) the Farm Credit Administration shall consult with the Corporation prior to taking a preresolution action concerning a System institution that may result in a conservator-ship or receivership; and ‘‘(2) the Corporation, acting in the capac-ity of the Corporation as a conservator or re-ceiver, shall consult with the Farm Credit Administration prior to taking any signifi-cant action impacting System institutions or service to System borrowers. ‘‘(m) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall be-come applicable with respect to the power of the Corporation to act as a conservator or receiver on the date on which the Farm Credit Administration appoints the Corpora-tion as a conservator or receiver under sec-tion 4.12 or 8.41.’’. 
SEC. 5409. REPORTING. 
(a) D EFINITION OF FARM LOAN.—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘farm loan’’ means— (1) a farm ownership loan under subtitle A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 1922 et seq.); and (2) an operating loan under subtitle B of that Act (7 U.S.C. 1941 et seq.). (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) P
REPARATION .—For each fiscal year, the Secretary shall prepare a report that in-cludes— (A) aggregate data based on a review of each outstanding farm loan made or guaran-teed by the Secretary describing, for the United States and for each State and county in the United States— (i) the age of the recipient producer; (ii) the duration that the recipient pro-ducer has engaged in agricultural produc-tion; (iii) the size of the farm or ranch of the re-cipient producer; (iv) the race, ethnicity, and gender of the recipient producer; (v) the agricultural commodity or com-modities, or type of enterprise, for which the loan was secured; (vi) the amount of the farm loan made or guaranteed; (vii) the type of the farm loan made or guaranteed; and (viii) the default rate of the farm loan made or guaranteed; (B) for each State and county in the United States, data demonstrating the number of outstanding farm loans made or guaranteed, according to loan size cohort; and (C) an assessment of actual loans made or guaranteed as measured against target par-ticipation rates for beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers, broken down by State, as described in sections 346(b)(2) and 355 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act (7 U.S.C. 1994(b)(2), 2003). (2) SUBMISSION OF REPORT .—The report de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be— (A) submitted— (i) to— (I) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; (II) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (III) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; and (IV) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (ii) not later than December 30, 2018, and annually thereafter; and (B) made publically available not later than 90 days after the date described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii). (c) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act (and every 5 years thereafter), the Secretary shall— (A) prepare a comprehensive review of all reports submitted under subsection (b)(2); (B) identify trends within data outlined in subsection (b)(1), including the extent to which target annual participation rates for beginning and socially disadvantaged farm-ers (as defined by the Secretary) are being met for each loan type; and (C) provide specific actions the Depart-ment will take to improve the performance of direct and guaranteed loans with respect to underserved producers and any rec-ommendations the Secretary may make for further congressional action. (2) S
UBMISSION OF COMPREHENSIVE RE -
VIEW.—The comprehensive review described in paragraph (1) shall be— (A) submitted to— (i) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; (ii) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (iii) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; and (iv) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) made publicly available not later than 90 days after the date of submission under subparagraph (A). (d) P
RIVACY .—In preparing any report or review under this section, the Secretary shall aggregate or de-identify the data in a manner sufficient to ensure that the identity of a recipient producer associated with the data cannot be ascertained. SEC. 5410. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that — (1) sections 346 and 355 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1994, 2003) reserve amounts to incentivize participation in Farm Service Agency loan programs for qualified beginning farmers and ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers; (2) under current law— (A) for direct loans, 75 percent of the fund-ing for farm ownership loans and 50 percent of operating loans are reserved for the first 11 months of the fiscal year; and (B) for guaranteed loans, 40 percent of available funding is reserved for ownership loans and farm operating loans for the first 
1⁄2of the fiscal year; and (3) all participants of the Farm Service Agency loan programs should strive to en-courage beginning farmers and ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers to use Farm Service Agency loans. TITLE VI—RURAL DEVELOPMENT Subtitle A—Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act 
SEC. 6101. WATER, WASTE DISPOSAL, AND WASTE-WATER FACILITY GRANTS. 
Section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$200,000’’; and (2) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6102. RURAL WATER AND WASTEWATER TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING PROGRAMS. 
Section 306(a)(14) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(14)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) identify options to enhance the long- term sustainability of rural water and waste systems, including operational practices, revenue enhancements, policy revisions, partnerships, consolidation, regionalization, or contract services.’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) S
ELECTION PRIORITY .—In selecting re-cipients of grants to be made under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall give priority to— ‘‘(i) private nonprofit organizations that have experience in providing the technical assistance and training described in subpara-graph (A) to associations serving rural areas in which residents have low income and in which water supply systems or waste facili-ties are unhealthful; and ‘‘(ii) recipients that will provide technical assistance and training programs to address the contamination of drinking water and surface water supplies by emerging contami-nants, including per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and perfluorooctanoic acid.’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘1 nor more than 3’’ and in-serting ‘‘3 percent and not more than 5’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘1 per centum’’ and insert-ing ‘‘3 percent’’. 
SEC. 6103. RURAL WATER AND WASTEWATER CIR-CUIT RIDER PROGRAM. 
Section 306(a)(22)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(22)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘$20,000,000 for fiscal year 2014 and each fis-cal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4574 June 27, 2018 
SEC. 6104. TRIBAL COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITY ES-SENTIAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES. 
Section 306(a)(25)(C) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(25)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6105. COMMUNITY FACILITIES DIRECT LOANS AND GRANTS FOR SUB-STANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT SERVICES. 
Section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(27) D
IRECT LOANS AND GRANTS FOR SUB -
STANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) S
ELECTION PRIORITY .—In selecting re-cipients of loans or grants (not including loans guaranteed by the Secretary) for the development of essential community facili-ties under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to entities eligible for those loans or grants— ‘‘(i) to develop facilities to provide sub-stance use disorder (including opioid sub-stance use disorder)— ‘‘(I) prevention services; ‘‘(II) treatment services; ‘‘(III) recovery services; or ‘‘(IV) any combination of those services; and ‘‘(ii) that employ staff that have appro-priate expertise and training in how to iden-tify and treat individuals with substance use disorders. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity de-scribed in subparagraph (A) that receives a loan or grant described in that subparagraph may use the loan or grant funds for the de-velopment of telehealth facilities and sys-tems to provide telehealth services for sub-stance use disorder treatment.’’. 
SEC. 6106. EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMU-NITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 306A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926a) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘, particularly to projects to address contamination that— ‘‘(A) poses a threat to human health or the environment; and ‘‘(B) was caused by circumstances beyond the control of the applicant for a grant, in-cluding circumstances that occurred over a period of time; and’’; (2) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (j); (4) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) I
NTERAGENCY TASK FORCE ON RURAL  W
ATER QUALITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall coordinate and chair an inter-agency task force to examine drinking water and surface water contamination in rural communities, particularly rural commu-nities that are in close proximity to active or decommissioned military installations in the United States. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The interagency task force shall consist of— ‘‘(A) the Secretary; ‘‘(B) the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers; ‘‘(C) the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through— ‘‘(i) the Director of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry; and ‘‘(ii) the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; ‘‘(D) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; ‘‘(E) the Secretary of the Interior, acting through— ‘‘(i) the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and ‘‘(ii) the Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey; ‘‘(F) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency; and ‘‘(G) representatives from rural drinking and wastewater entities, State and commu-nity regulators, and appropriate scientific experts that reflect a diverse cross-section of the rural communities described in para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the task force shall submit to the committees de-scribed in subparagraph (B) a report that— ‘‘(i) examines, and identifies issues relat-ing to, water contamination in rural commu-nities, particularly rural communities that are in close proximity to active or decom-missioned military installations in the United States; ‘‘(ii) reviews the extent to which Federal, State, and local government agencies coordi-nate with one another to address the issues identified under clause (i); ‘‘(iii) recommends how Federal, State, and local government agencies can work to-gether in the most effective, efficient, and cost-effective manner practicable, to address the issues identified under clause (i); and ‘‘(iv) recommends changes to existing stat-utory requirements, regulatory require-ments, or both, to improve interagency co-ordination and responsiveness to address the issues identified under clause (i). ‘‘(B) C
OMMITTEES DESCRIBED .—The commit-tees referred to in subparagraph (A) are— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(iv) the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; ‘‘(v) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(vi) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate.’’; and (5) in subsection (j) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘3 nor more than 5’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent and not more than 7’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 6107. WATER SYSTEMS FOR RURAL AND NA-TIVE VILLAGES IN ALASKA. 
Section 306D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Alaska for’’ and inserting ‘‘Alaska, a consortium formed pursuant to section 325 of the Depart-ment of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1998 (Public Law 105–83; 111 Stat. 1597), and Native villages (as de-fined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)) for’’; (2) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘for any grant awarded under subsection (a)’’ before the period at the end; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Alaska’’ and inserting ‘‘Alaska, and not more than 2 percent of the amount made available under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year may be used by a consortium formed pursuant to section 325 of the Department of the Interior and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 1998 (Public Law 105–83; 111 Stat. 1597),’’. SEC. 6108. RURAL DECENTRALIZED WATER SYS-TEMS. 
Section 306E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926e) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘
RURAL DECENTRALIZED WATER SYS -
TEMS ’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘100’’ and inserting ‘‘60’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and subgrants’’ after ‘‘loans’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and individually owned household decentralized wastewater sys-tems’’ after ‘‘well systems’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) T
ERMS AND AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) T
ERMS OF LOANS .—A loan made with grant funds under this section— ‘‘(i) shall have an interest rate of 1 percent; and ‘‘(ii) shall have a term not to exceed 20 years. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNTS .—A loan or subgrant made with grant funds under this section shall not exceed $15,000 for each water well system or decentralized wastewater system described in paragraph (1).’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) G
ROUND WELL WATER CONTAMINATION .— In the event of ground well water contamina-tion, the Secretary shall allow a loan or subgrant to be made with grant funds under this section for the installation of water treatment where needed beyond the point of entry, with or without the installation of a new water well system.’’; (4) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘produc-tive use of individually-owned household water well systems’’ and inserting ‘‘effective use of individually owned household water well systems, individually owned household decentralized wastewater systems,’’; and (5) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,000,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 6109. SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT GRANTS. 
Section 310B(b)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6110. RURAL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
Section 310B(c)(4)(A) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6111. RURAL COOPERATIVE DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
Section 310B(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing research and analysis based on data from the latest available Economic Census con-ducted by the Bureau of the Census)’’ after ‘‘conduct research’’; and (2) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6112. LOCALLY OR REGIONALLY PRODUCED AGRICULTURAL FOOD PRODUCTS. 
Section 310B(g)(9)(B)(iv)(I) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(g)(9)(B)(iv)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6113. APPROPRIATE TECHNOLOGY TRANS-FER FOR RURAL AREAS PROGRAM. 
Section 310B(i)(4) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(i)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4575 June 27, 2018 
SEC. 6114. RURAL ECONOMIC AREA PARTNER-SHIP ZONES. 
Section 310B(j) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(j)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6115. INTEMEDIARY RELENDING PROGRAM. 
Section 310H of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1936b) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (i); (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON LOAN AMOUNTS .—The maximum amount of a loan by an eligible entity described in subsection (b) to individ-uals and entities for a project under sub-section (c), including the unpaid balance of any existing loans, shall be the lesser of— ‘‘(1) $400,000; and ‘‘(2) 50 percent of the loan to the eligible entity under subsection (a). ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a loan or loan guarantee under subsection (a), an eligible entity described in subsection (b) shall submit to the Secretary an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(2) E
VALUATION .—In evaluating applica-tions submitted under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(A)(i) take into consideration the pre-vious performance of an eligible entity in carrying out projects under subsection (c); and ‘‘(ii) in the case of satisfactory perform-ance under clause (i), require the eligible en-tity to contribute less equity for subsequent loans without modifying the priority given to subsequent applications; and ‘‘(B) in assigning priorities to applications, require an eligible entity to demonstrate that it has a governing or advisory board made up of business, civic, and community leaders who are representative of the com-munities of the service area, without limita-tion to the size of the service area. ‘‘(g) R
ETURN OF EQUITY .—The Secretary shall establish a schedule that is consistent with the amortization schedules of the port-folio of loans made or guaranteed under sub-section (a) for the return of any equity con-tribution made under this section by an eli-gible entity described in subsection (b), if the eligible entity is— ‘‘(1) current on all principal and interest payments; and ‘‘(2) in compliance with loan covenants. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall promulgate regulations and establish proce-dures reducing the administrative require-ments on eligible entities described in sub-section (b), including regulations to carry out the amendments made to this section by the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018.’’; and (3) in subsection (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6116. SINGLE APPLICATION FOR BROADBAND. 
Section 331 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) S
INGLE APPLICATION FOR BROADBAND .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), notwithstanding any other provision of law, broadband facilities and broadband service (as defined in section 601(b) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(b)), may be funded as an inci-dental part of any grant, loan, or loan guar-antee provided under this title or any other provision of law administered by the Sec-retary, acting through the rural develop-ment mission area. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—Except as otherwise au-thorized by an Act of Congress, funding under paragraph (1) shall not constitute more than 10 percent of any loan for a fiscal year for any program under this title or any other provision of law administered by the Secretary, acting through the rural develop-ment mission area. ‘‘(3) C
OMPETITIVE HARM .—The Secretary shall not provide funding under paragraph (1) if the funding would result in competitive harm to any existing grant, loan, or loan guarantee described in that paragraph. ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBILITY .—Funding under para-graph (1) shall be granted only for eligible projects described in section 601(d)(2) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(d)(2)).’’. 
SEC. 6117. LOAN GUARANTEE LOAN FEES. 
(a) C ERTAIN PROGRAMS UNDER CONSOLI -
DATED FARM AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT ACT.— Section 333 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1983) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (6)(E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) in the case of an insured or guaranteed loan issued or modified under section 306(a), charge and collect from the lender fees in such amounts as are necessary such that— ‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) the total amount of fees so charged for each fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the total of the amounts appropriated for the insured or guaranteed loans for the fiscal year; is equal to ‘‘(B) the amount of the costs of subsidies for the insured or guaranteed loans for the fiscal year.’’. (b) R
URAL BROADBAND PROGRAM .—Section 601(c) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) F
EES.—In the case of a loan guarantee issued or modified under this section, the Secretary shall charge and collect from the lender fees in such amounts as are necessary such that— ‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) the total amount of fees so charged for each fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the total of the amounts appropriated for the loan guarantees for the fiscal year; is equal to ‘‘(B) the amount of the costs of subsidies for the loan guarantees for the fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 6118. RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERV-ICE PROGRAMS TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE AND TRAINING. 
The Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act is amended by inserting after sec-tion 367 (as added by section 5305) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 368. RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERV-ICE PROGRAMS TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE AND TRAINING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may make grants to public bodies, private non-profit corporations, economic development authorities, institutions of higher education, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and rural cooperatives for the purpose of providing or obtaining technical assistance and training to support funding applications for programs carried out by the Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Rural Business-Co-operative Service. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—A grant under subsection (a) may be used— ‘‘(1) to assist communities in identifying and planning for business and economic de-velopment needs; ‘‘(2) to identify public and private re-sources to finance business and small and emerging business needs; ‘‘(3) to prepare reports and surveys nec-essary to request financial assistance for businesses in rural communities; and ‘‘(4) to prepare applications for financial assistance. ‘‘(c) SELECTION PRIORITY .—In selecting re-cipients of grants under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to grants serv-ing persistent poverty counties and high pov-erty communities, as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Any amounts author-ized to be appropriated under paragraph (1) for any fiscal year that are not appropriated for that fiscal year may be appropriated for any succeeding fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 6119. NATIONAL RURAL DEVELOPMENT PARTNERSHIP. 
Section 378 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008m) is amended in subsections (g)(1) and (h) by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6120. GRANTS FOR NOAA WEATHER RADIO TRANSMITTERS. 
Section 379B(d) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008p(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6121. RURAL MICROENTREPRENEUR ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 379E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008s) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4)(B)(ii)— (A) in the clause heading, by striking ‘‘M
AXIMUM AMOUNT ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
MOUNT ’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘not less than 20 percent and’’ before ‘‘not more than 25 percent’’; and (C) by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, subject to— ‘‘(I) satisfactory performance by the mi-croenterprise development organization under this section, and ‘‘(II) the availability of funding.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘$40,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2009 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 6122. HEALTH CARE SERVICES. 
Section 379G(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008u(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6123. STRATEGIC ECONOMIC AND COMMU-NITY DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 379H of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008v) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 379H. STRATEGIC ECONOMIC AND COMMU-NITY DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any pro-gram under this title or administered by the Secretary, acting through the rural develop-ment mission area, as determined by the Secretary (referred to in this section as a ‘covered program’), the Secretary shall give priority to an application for a project that, as determined and approved by the Sec-retary— ‘‘(1) meets the applicable eligibility re-quirements of this title or the other applica-ble authorizing law; ‘‘(2) will be carried out in a rural area; and ‘‘(3) supports the implementation of a stra-tegic community investment plan described in subsection (d) on a multisectoral and multijurisdictional basis, to include consid-erations for improving and expanding broadband services as needed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4576 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(b) R ESERVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall reserve not more than 10 percent of the funds made available for a fis-cal year for covered programs for projects that support the implementation of a stra-tegic community investment plan described in subsection (d) on a multisectoral and multijurisdictional basis. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—Any funds reserved under paragraph (1) shall only be reserved for the 1- year period beginning on the date on which the funds were first made available, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) A
PPROVED APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), any applicant who submitted an application under a covered program that was approved before the date of enactment of this section may amend the application to qualify for the funds reserved under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) R
URAL UTILITIES .—Any applicant who submitted an application under paragraph (2), (14), or (24) of section 306(a), or section 306A or 310B(b), that was approved by the Secretary before the date of enactment of this section shall be eligible for the funds re-served under subsection (b)— ‘‘(A) on the same basis as an application submitted under this section; and ‘‘(B) until September 30, 2019. ‘‘(d) S
TRATEGIC COMMUNITY INVESTMENT  P
LANS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide assistance to rural communities in de-veloping strategic community investment plans. ‘‘(2) P
LANS .—A strategic community in-vestment plan described in paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) a variety of activities designed to fa-cilitate the vision of a rural community for the future, including considerations for im-proving and expanding broadband services as needed; ‘‘(B) participation by multiple stake-holders, including local and regional part-ners; ‘‘(C) leverage of applicable regional re-sources; ‘‘(D) investment from strategic partners, such as— ‘‘(i) private organizations; ‘‘(ii) cooperatives; ‘‘(iii) other government entities; ‘‘(iv) Indian Tribes; and ‘‘(v) philanthropic organizations; ‘‘(E) clear objectives with the ability to es-tablish measurable performance metrics; ‘‘(F) action steps for implementation; and ‘‘(G) any other elements necessary to en-sure that the plan results in a comprehensive and strategic approach to rural economic de-velopment, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate with Indian Tribes and local, State, regional, and Federal partners to de-velop strategic community investment plans under this subsection. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 6124. DELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 382M(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009aa– 12(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. (b) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 382N of the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act (7 U.S.C. 2009aa–13) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6125. RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 384S of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–18) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle B—Rural Electrification Act of 1936 SEC. 6201. ELECTRIC LOAN REFINANCING. 
Section 2(a) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 902(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘loans in’’ and inserting ‘‘loans, or refinance loans made by the Secretary under this Act, in’’. 
SEC. 6202. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL ELECTRIFICATION LOANS. 
Section 2 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 902) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall enter into a memorandum of un-derstanding with the Secretary of Energy under which the Secretary of Energy shall provide technical assistance to applicants for loans made under subsection (a) and sec-tion 4(a). ‘‘(2) F
ORM OF ASSISTANCE .—The technical assistance that the Secretary may request pursuant to a memorandum of understanding entered into under paragraph (1) may in-clude— ‘‘(A) direct advice; ‘‘(B) tools, maps, and training relating to— ‘‘(i) the implementation of demand-side management of electric and telephone serv-ice in rural areas; ‘‘(ii) energy efficiency and conservation programs; and ‘‘(iii) on-grid and off-grid renewable energy systems; and ‘‘(C) any other forms of assistance deter-mined necessary by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 6203. LOANS FOR TELEPHONE SERVICE. 
Section 201 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 922) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows through ‘‘From such sums’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 201. LOANS FOR TELEPHONE SERVICE. 
‘‘From such sums’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘as-sociations:’’ and all that follows through ‘‘same subscribers.’’ and inserting ‘‘associa-tions.’’; and (3) in the sixth sentence, by striking ‘‘nor shall such loan’’ and all that follows through ‘‘writing)’’ and inserting ‘‘and’’. 
SEC. 6204. CUSHION OF CREDIT PAYMENTS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 313 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION OF DEPOSIT AUTHORITY .— Effective October 1, 2018, no deposits may be made under paragraph (1).’’; and (C) in paragraph (3) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘borrower at a rate of 5 percent per annum.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘bor-rower— ‘‘(A) for each fiscal year through fiscal year 2018, at a rate of 5 percent; and ‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, at a rate equal to— ‘‘(i) the average interest rate used to make payments on the 5-year Treasury note for the most recent calendar quarter; but ‘‘(ii) not greater than 5 percent.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (ii) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘Fund to which shall be credited, on a monthly basis,’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Fund, to be known as the ‘‘rural economic development subaccount’’ (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘subaccount’’). ‘‘(ii) DIFFERENTIAL PAYMENTS .—For each month through September 2021, the Sec-retary shall credit to the subaccount’’; and (iii) in clause (ii) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘the 5 percent’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘5 percent.’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘is authorized, from the in-terest differential sums credited this sub-account’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, from interest differential sums credited under subpara-graph (A)(ii) to the subaccount’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘to provide’’ and inserting ‘‘provide’’; (C) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘rural economic development’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(i) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall credit to the subaccount to use for the cost of grants and loans under sub-paragraphs (B) through (E) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023, to remain avail-able until expended. ‘‘(ii) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— In addition to other amounts available in the subaccount for the cost of grants and loans under subparagraphs (B) through (E), there is authorized to be appropriated to the sub-account for the cost of the grants and loans $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023, to remain available until expended.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 12(b)(3)(D) of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 912(b)(3)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘313(b)(2)(A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘313(b)(2)(A)(ii)’’. (2) Section 313A of the Rural Electrifica-tion Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940c–1) is amended in subsections (c)(4)(A) and (e)(2) by striking ‘‘313(b)(2)(A)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘313(b)(2)(A)(i)’’. 
SEC. 6205. GUARANTEES FOR BONDS AND NOTES ISSUED FOR ELECTRIFICATION OR TELEPHONE PURPOSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 313A of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940c–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Subject to’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) G
UARANTEES .—Subject to’’; (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘basis’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘basis, if the proceeds of the bonds or notes are used to make utility infrastructure loans, or refi-nance bonds or notes issued for those pur-poses, to a borrower that has at any time re-ceived, or is eligible to receive, a loan under this Act.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) T
ERMS .—A bond or note guaranteed under this section shall, by agreement be-tween the Secretary and the borrower— ‘‘(A) be for a term of 30 years (or another term of years that the Secretary determines is appropriate); and ‘‘(B) be repaid by the borrower— ‘‘(i) in periodic installments of principal and interest; ‘‘(ii) in periodic installments of interest and, at the end of the term of the bond or note, as applicable, by the repayment of the outstanding principal; or ‘‘(iii) through a combination of the meth-ods described in clauses (i) and (ii).’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘elec-trification’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘purposes de-scribed in subsection (a)(1).’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4577 June 27, 2018 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and (D) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for electrification or telephone purposes’’ and inserting ‘‘for eligible purposes described in subsection (a)(1)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) A
DMINISTRATION .—Beginning on the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Secretary shall continue to carry out section 313A of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940c–1) (as amended by subsection (a)) under a Notice of Solicitation of Applications until the date on which any regulations necessary to carry out the amendments made by sub-section (a) are fully implemented. 
SEC. 6206. ACCESS TO BROADBAND TELE-COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES IN RURAL AREAS. 
Section 601 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘loans and’’ and inserting ‘‘grants, loans, and’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘L
OANS AND ’’ and inserting ‘‘G RANTS , LOANS , 
AND’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘make grants and’’ after ‘‘Secretary shall’’; (C) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In making grants, loans, or loan guarantees under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) give the highest priority to applica-tions for projects to provide broadband serv-ice to unserved rural communities that do not have any residential broadband service; ‘‘(ii) give priority to applications for projects to provide the maximum level of broadband service to the greatest proportion of rural households in the proposed service area identified in the application; ‘‘(iii) give priority to applications for projects to provide rapid and expanded de-ployment of fixed and mobile broadband on cropland and ranchland within a service ter-ritory for use in various applications of pre-cision agriculture; ‘‘(iv) provide equal consideration to all eli-gible entities, including those that have not previously received grants, loans, or loan guarantees under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(v) with respect to 2 or more applications that are given the same priority under clause (i), give priority to an application that requests less grant funding than loan funding. ‘‘(B) O
THER .—After giving priority to the applications described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall then give priority to applications— ‘‘(i) for projects to provide broadband serv-ice to rural communities— ‘‘(I) with a population of less than 10,000 permanent residents; ‘‘(II) that are experiencing outmigration and have adopted a strategic community in-vestment plan under section 379H(d) that in-cludes considerations for improving and ex-panding broadband service; ‘‘(III) with a high percentage of low income families or persons (as defined in section 501(b) of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1471(b)); or ‘‘(IV) that are isolated from other signifi-cant population centers; and ‘‘(ii) that were developed with the partici-pation of, and will receive a substantial por-tion of the funding for the project from, 1 or more stakeholders, including— ‘‘(I) State, local, and tribal governments; ‘‘(II) nonprofit institutions; ‘‘(III) community anchor institutions, such as— ‘‘(aa) public libraries; ‘‘(bb) elementary schools and secondary schools (as defined in section 8101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); ‘‘(cc) institutions of higher education; and ‘‘(dd) health care facilities; ‘‘(IV) private entities; and ‘‘(V) philanthropic organizations. ‘‘(C) IDENTIFICATION OF UNSERVED COMMU -
NITIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-tion given the highest priority under sub-paragraph (A)(i), the Secretary shall confirm that each unserved rural community identi-fied in the application is eligible for funding by— ‘‘(I) conferring with and obtaining data from the Chair of the Federal Communica-tions Commission and the Administrator of the National Telecommunications and Infor-mation Administration with respect to the service level in the service area proposed in the application; ‘‘(II) reviewing any other source that is relevant to service data validation, as deter-mined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(III) performing site-specific testing to verify the unavailability of any residential broadband service in the unserved rural com-munity. ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Not less often than once every 2 years, the Secretary shall re-view, and may adjust through notice pub-lished in the Federal Register, the unserved communities identified under clause (i).’’; (D) by redesignating paragraph (3) (as added by section 6117(b)) as paragraph (4); and (E) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) G
RANT AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF DEVELOPMENT COSTS .— In this paragraph, the term ‘development costs’ means costs of— ‘‘(i) construction, including labor and ma-terials; ‘‘(ii) project applications; and ‘‘(iii) other development activities, as de-termined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant under this section, the project that is the subject of the grant shall be carried out in a rural area. ‘‘(C) M
AXIMUM .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (D), the amount of any grant made under this section shall not exceed 50 percent of the development costs of the project for which the grant is provided. ‘‘(D) S
ECRETARIAL AUTHORITY TO ADJUST .— The Secretary may make grants of up to 75 percent of the development costs of the project for which the grant is provided to an eligible entity if the Secretary determines that the project serves— ‘‘(i) an area of rural households described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) a rural community described in any of subclauses (I) through (IV) of paragraph (2)(B)(i).’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘loan or’’ and inserting ‘‘grant, loan, or’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘a loan appli-cation’’ and inserting ‘‘an application’’; and (III) in clause (iii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘service’’ and inserting ‘‘infrastructure’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘loan’’ the first place it appears; (cc) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; and (dd) by striking ‘‘proceeds from the loan made or guaranteed under this section are’’ and inserting ‘‘assistance under this section is’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) RELATION TO UNIVERSAL SERVICE HIGH - 
COST SUPPORT .—The Secretary shall coordi-nate with the Federal Communications Com-mission to ensure that any grants, loans, or loan guarantees made under this section complement and do not conflict with uni-versal service high-cost support (as defined in section 54.5 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation) provided by the Commission.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘the proceeds of a loan made or guaranteed’’ and inserting ‘‘assist-ance’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘for the loan or loan guar-antee’’ and inserting ‘‘of the eligible entity’’; (II) in clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘15’’ and inserting ‘‘90’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘level of broadband serv-ice’’ and inserting ‘‘level of fixed broadband service, whether terrestrial or wireless,’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘3’’ and in-serting ‘‘2’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply if the applicant is eligible for funding under another title of this Act.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘loan or’’ and inserting ‘‘grant, loan, or’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘loan or’’ and inserting ‘‘grant, loan, or’’; (E) in paragraph (5)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘loan or’’ and inserting ‘‘grant, loan, or’’; (F) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘loan or’’ and inserting ‘‘grant, loan, or’’; (G) by redesignating paragraph (7) as sub-paragraph (B) and indenting appropriately; (H) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide to an applicant of a grant, loan, or loan guarantee under this section feedback and decisions on funding in a timely manner.’’; (I) in paragraph (7)(B) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘may seek a determination of area eligibility prior to preparing a loan ap-plication under this section.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘may, before preparing an ap-plication under this section— ‘‘(i) seek a determination of area eligi-bility; and ‘‘(ii) submit to the Secretary a proposal for a project, on which the Secretary shall pro-vide feedback regarding how the proposal could be changed to improve the likelihood that the Secretary would approve the appli-cation.’’; (J) in paragraph (10)(A), by striking ‘‘15’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; and (K) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN -
ING.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-vide eligible entities described in paragraph (1) that are applying for a grant, loan, or loan guarantee for a project described in sub-section (c)(2)(A)(i) technical assistance and training— ‘‘(i) to prepare reports and surveys nec-essary to request grants, loans, and loan guarantees under this section for broadband deployment; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4578 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) to improve management, including fi-nancial management, relating to the pro-posed broadband deployment; ‘‘(iii) to prepare applications for grants, loans, and loan guarantees under this sec-tion; or ‘‘(iv) to assist with other areas of need identified by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) F
UNDING .—Not less than 3 percent and not more than 5 percent of amounts appro-priated to carry out this section for a fiscal year shall be used for technical assistance and training under this paragraph.’’; (4) in subsection (e)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘4- Mbps’’ and inserting ‘‘25-Mbps’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘1- Mbps’’ and inserting ‘‘3-Mbps’’; (5) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘make a loan or loan guarantee’’ and inserting ‘‘pro-vide assistance’’; (6) in subsection (j)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘loan and loan guarantee’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘grants and’’ after ‘‘number of’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘loan’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘loans and’’ and inserting ‘‘grants, loans, and’’; and (D) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘loan’’; (7) by redesignating subsections (k) and (l) as subsections (m) and (n), respectively; (8) by inserting after subsection (j) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(k) B
ROADBAND BUILDOUT DATA.—As a condition of receiving a grant, loan, or loan guarantee under this section, a recipient of assistance shall provide to the Secretary complete, reliable, and precise geolocation information that indicates the location of new broadband service that is being provided or upgraded within the service territory sup-ported by the grant, loan, or loan guarantee not later than 30 days after the earlier of— ‘‘(1) the date of completion of any project milestone established by the Secretary; or ‘‘(2) the date of completion of the project. ‘‘(l) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .—The Sec- retary may obligate, but not disperse, funds under this Act before the completion of oth-erwise required environmental, historical, or other types of reviews if the Secretary deter-mines that a subsequent site-specific review shall be adequate and easily accomplished for the location of towers, poles, or other broadband facilities in the service area of the borrower without compromising the project or the required reviews.’’; (9) in subsection (m) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘$25,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$150,000,000’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2008 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) set aside at least 1 percent to be used for— ‘‘(I) conducting oversight under this sec-tion; and ‘‘(II) implementing accountability meas-ures and related activities authorized under this section.’’; and (10) in subsection (n) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘loan or’’ and inserting ‘‘grant, loan, or’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6207. COMMUNITY CONNECT GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
Title VI of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 604. COMMUNITY CONNECT GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE BROADBAND SERVICE .—The term ‘eligible broadband service’ means broadband service that has the capability to transmit data at a speed specified by the Secretary, which may not be less than the applicable minimum download and upload speeds established by the Federal Commu-nications Commission in defining the term ‘advanced telecommunications capability’ for purposes of section 706 of the Tele-communications Act of 1996 (47 U.S.C. 1302). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE SERVICE AREA .—The term ‘eli-gible service area’ means an area in which broadband service capacity is less than— ‘‘(A) a 10-Mbps downstream transmission capacity; and ‘‘(B) a 1-Mbps upstream transmission ca-pacity. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible enti-ty’ means a legally organized entity that— ‘‘(i) is— ‘‘(I) an incorporated organization; ‘‘(II) an Indian Tribe or Tribal organiza-tion; ‘‘(III) a State; ‘‘(IV) a unit of local government; or ‘‘(V) any other legal entity, including a co-operative, a private corporation, or a limited liability company, that is organized on a for- profit or a not-for-profit basis; and ‘‘(ii) has the legal capacity and authority to enter into a contract, to comply with ap-plicable Federal laws, and to own and oper-ate broadband facilities, as proposed in the application submitted by the entity for a grant under the Program. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘eligible enti-ty’ does not include— ‘‘(i) an individual; or ‘‘(ii) a partnership. ‘‘(4) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘Program’ means the Community Connect Grant Program es-tablished under subsection (b). ‘‘(5) R
URAL AREA .—The term ‘rural area’ has the meaning given the term in section 601(b)(3)(A). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘Community Connect Grant Program’, to provide grants to eligible entities to finance broadband transmission in rural areas. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—An eligible enti-ty that receives a grant under the Program shall use the grant to carry out a project that— ‘‘(1) provides eligible broadband service to, within the proposed eligible service area de-scribed in the application submitted by the eligible entity— ‘‘(A) each essential community facility funded under section 306(a) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)); and ‘‘(B) any required facilities necessary to offer that eligible broadband service to each residential and business customer; and ‘‘(2) for not less than 2 years— ‘‘(A) furnishes free wireless eligible broadband service to a community center de-scribed in subsection (d)(1)(B); ‘‘(B) provides not fewer than 2 computer access points for that free wireless eligible broadband service; and ‘‘(C) covers the cost of bandwidth to pro-vide free eligible broadband service to each essential community facility funded under section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)) within the proposed eligible service area de-scribed in the application submitted by the eligible entity. ‘‘(d) U
SES OF GRANT FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under the Program may use the grant for— ‘‘(A) the construction, acquisition, or leas-ing of facilities (including spectrum), land, or buildings to deploy eligible broadband service; and ‘‘(B) the improvement, expansion, con-struction, or acquisition of a community center within the proposed eligible service area described in the application submitted by the eligible entity. ‘‘(2) I
NELIGIBLE USES .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under the Program shall not use the grant for— ‘‘(A) the duplication of any existing broadband service provided by another enti-ty in the eligible service area; or ‘‘(B) operating expenses, except as provided in— ‘‘(i) subsection (c)(2)(C) with respect to free wireless eligible broadband service; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (1)(A) with respect to spec-trum. ‘‘(3) F
REE ACCESS FOR COMMUNITY CEN -
TERS .—Of the amounts provided to an eligi-ble entity under a grant under the Program, the eligible entity shall use to carry out paragraph (1)(B) not greater than the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 10 percent; and ‘‘(B) $150,000. ‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under the Program shall provide a cash contribution in an amount that is not less than 15 percent of the amount of the grant. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A cash contribution described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be used solely for the project for which the eligible entity receives a grant under the Program; and ‘‘(B) shall not include any Federal funds, unless a Federal statute specifically provides that those Federal funds may be considered to be from a non-Federal source. ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a grant under the Program, an eligible enti-ty shall submit to the Secretary an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—An application sub-mitted by an eligible entity under paragraph (1) shall include documentation sufficient to demonstrate the availability of funds to sat-isfy the requirement of subsection (e). ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 for each fis-cal year.’’. 
SEC. 6208. TRANSPARENCY IN THE TELE-COMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUC-TURE LOAN PROGRAM. 
Title VI of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb et seq.) (as amended by section 6207) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 605. TRANSPARENCY IN THE TELE-COMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUC-TURE LOAN PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P UBLIC NOTICE OF APPLICATIONS FOR  A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register, and promptly make available to the public, a fully searchable database on the website of Rural Utilities Service that contains, at a minimum— ‘‘(1) notice of each application for a loan from the Telecommunications Infrastructure Loan and Guarantee Program under this Act describing the application, including— ‘‘(A) the identity of the applicant; ‘‘(B) a description of the application, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) each census block proposed to be served by the applicant; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4579 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) the amount and type of support re-quested by the applicant; ‘‘(C) the status of the application; ‘‘(D) the estimated number and proportion of households in each census block under subparagraph (B)(i) that are without tele-communications service; and ‘‘(E) a list of the census block groups, in a manner specified by the Secretary, to which the applicant proposes to provide service; and ‘‘(2) notice of each borrower receiving as-sistance under the Telecommunications In-frastructure Loan and Guarantee Program under this Act, including— ‘‘(A) the name of the borrower; ‘‘(B) the type of assistance being received; and ‘‘(C) the purpose for which the borrower is receiving the assistance; and ‘‘(3) such other information as is sufficient to allow the public to understand the assist-ance provided under the Telecommuni-cations Infrastructure Loan and Guarantee Program under this Act. ‘‘(b) O
PPORTUNITY FOR THE PUBLIC TO SUB-
MITINFORMATION .—The Secretary shall, with respect to an application for a loan under the Telecommunications Infrastructure Loan and Guarantee Program under this Act— ‘‘(1) for a period of not less than 15 days after the date on which the notice required by subsection (a)(1) is provided with respect to the application, provide an opportunity for an interested party to voluntarily submit information concerning the services that the party offers in the census blocks described in subsection (a)(1)(B)(i), such that the Sec-retary may assess whether approving the ap-plication would result in any duplication of lines, facilities, or systems that are pro-viding reasonably adequate services; and ‘‘(2) if no interested party submits infor-mation under paragraph (1), consider the number of providers in the census block group to be established by using broadband deployment data from the most recent Form 477 data collection of the Federal Commu-nications Commission.’’. 
SEC. 6209. REFINANCING OF BROADBAND AND TELEPHONE LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 201 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 922) is amended, in the fifth sentence, by striking ‘‘furnishing telephone service in rural areas:’’ and all that follows through ‘‘40 per centum of any loan made under this title.’’ and inserting ‘‘furnishing telephone service in rural areas, including indebtedness of re-cipients on another telecommunications loan made under this Act.’’. (b) B
ROADBAND .—Section 601(i) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘Act if the use of’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘Act, or on any other loan if that loan would have been for an eli-gible purpose under this Act.’’. 
SEC. 6210. CYBERSECURITY AND GRID SECURITY IMPROVEMENTS. 
Title III of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 931 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 319. CYBERSECURITY AND GRID SECURITY IMPROVEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF CYBERSECURITY AND  G
RIDSECURITY IMPROVEMENTS .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘cybersecurity and grid secu-rity improvements’ means investment in the development, expansion, and modernization of rural utility infrastructure that addresses known cybersecurity and grid security risks. ‘‘(b) L
OANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES .—The Secretary may make or guarantee loans under this title and title I for cybersecurity and grid security improvements.’’. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous SEC. 6301. DISTANCE LEARNING AND TELEMEDI-CINE. 
(a) S UBSTANCE USEDISORDER TREATMENT  S
ERVICES .—Section 2333(c) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 950aaa–2(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) S
UBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT  
SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall make available not less than 20 percent of amounts made avail-able under section 2335A for financial assist-ance under this chapter for substance use disorder treatment services. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a fiscal year for which the Secretary determines that there are not sufficient qualified appli-cants to receive financial assistance for sub-stance use disorder treatment services to reach the 20-percent requirement under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary may make available less than 20 percent of amounts made available under section 2335A for those services.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 2335A of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 950aaa–5) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1(b) of Public Law 102–551 (7 U.S.C. 950aaa note) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6302. RURAL ENERGY SAVINGS PROGRAM. 
Section 6407 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107a) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘effi-ciency.’’ and inserting ‘‘efficiency (including cost-effective on- or off-grid renewable en-ergy or energy storage systems).’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (7) as paragraphs (5) through (8), re-spectively; (B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBILITY FOR OTHER LOANS .—The Secretary shall not include any debt in-curred by a borrower under this section in the calculation of the debt-equity ratio of the borrower for purposes of eligibility for loans under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.).’’; (C) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘(6)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(7)’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) A
CCOUNTING .—The Secretary shall take appropriate steps to streamline the ac-counting requirements on borrowers under this section while maintaining adequate as-surances of the repayment of the loans.’’; (3) in subsection (d)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘3 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘6 percent’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (i); (5) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall publish a description of— ‘‘(1) the number of applications received under this section for that fiscal year; ‘‘(2) the number of loans made to eligible entities under this section for that fiscal year; and ‘‘(3) the recipients of the loans described in paragraph (2).’’; and (6) in subsection (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 6303. RURAL HEALTH AND SAFETY EDU-CATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 502(i) of the Rural Development Act of 1972 (7 U.S.C. 2662(i)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER EDUCATION  
AND PREVENTION .—In making grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to an applicant that will use the grant for substance use disorder education, preven-tion, or treatment.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Title V of the Rural Development Act of 1972 (7 U.S.C. 2661 et seq.) (as amended by subsection (a)) is amended— (1) in section 502, in the matter preceding subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘(referred to in this title as the ‘Secretary’)’’ after ‘‘Agri-culture’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’ each place it appears (other than in section 502 in the matter preceding subsection (a)) and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
SEC. 6304. NORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COM-MISSION REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) A DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES OF REGIONAL  C
OMMISSIONS .—Section 15304(c)(3)(A) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘unanimous’’ and inserting ‘‘majority’’. (b) E
CONOMIC AND INFRASTRUCTURE DEVEL -
OPMENT GRANTS .—Section 15501 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-graph (9); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) to grow the capacity for successful community economic development in its re-gion; and’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (1), (2), (3), or (7)’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, except that finan-cial assistance may be used as otherwise au-thorized by this subtitle to attract busi-nesses to the region from outside the United States.’’. (c) S
TATE CAPACITY BUILDING GRANT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Northern Border Regional Com-mission established by section 15301(a)(3) of title 40, United States Code. (B) C
OMMISSION STATE .—The term ‘‘Com-mission State’’ means each of the States of Maine, New Hampshire, New York, and Vermont. (C) E
LIGIBLE COUNTY .—The term ‘‘eligible county’’ means a county described in section 15733 of title 40, United States Code. (D) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the State capacity building grant program established under paragraph (2). (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall establish a State ca-pacity building grant program to provide grants to Commission States to carry out the purpose under paragraph (3). (3) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program is to support the efforts of Commission States— (A) to better support business retention and expansion in eligible counties; (B) to create programs to encourage job creation and workforce development; (C) to prepare economic and infrastructure plans for eligible counties; (D) to expand access to high-speed broadband; (E) to encourage initiatives that drive in-vestments in transportation, water, waste-water, and other critical infrastructure; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4580 June 27, 2018 
(F) to create initiatives to increase the ef-fectiveness of local or regional economic de-velopers; and (G) to implement new or innovative eco-nomic development practices that will better position the Commission States to compete in the global economy. (4) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Funds from a grant under the program may be used to support a project, program, or expense of the Commis-sion State in an eligible county. (B) L
IMITATION .—Funds from a grant under the program shall not be used for— (i) the purchase of furniture, fixtures, or equipment; or (ii) the compensation of— (I) any State member of the Commission (as described in section 15301(b)(1)(B) of title 40, United States Code); or (II) any State alternate member of the Commission (as described in section 15301(b)(2)(B) of title 40, United States Code). (5) A
NNUAL WORK PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, be-fore providing a grant under the program, each Commission State shall provide to the Commission an annual work plan that in-cludes the proposed use of the grant. (B) A
PPROVAL .—No grant under the pro-gram shall be provided to a Commission State unless the Commission has approved the annual work plan of the State. (6) A
MOUNT OF GRANT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of a grant provided to a Commission State under the program shall be an amount equal to the share of the State of administrative expenses of the Commission for a fiscal year (as deter-mined under section 15304(c) of title 40, United States Code). (B) A
PPROVAL .—For each fiscal year, a grant provided under the program shall be approved and made available as part of the approval of the annual budget of the Com-mission. (7) G
RANT AVAILABILITY .—Funds from a grant under the program shall be available only during the fiscal year for which the grant is provided. (8) R
EPORT .—Each fiscal year, each Com-mission State shall submit to the Commis-sion and make publicly available a report that describes the use of the grant funds and the impact of the program in the State. (9) F
UNDING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated such sums as the Commission determines to be necessary, subject to the condition that the Commission may use not more than $5,000,000 to carry out this sub-section for any fiscal year. (B) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—Funds made available to carry out this subsection shall supplement and not supplant funds made available for the Commission and other activities of the Commission. (d) N
ORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMIS -
SION.—Section 15733 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘Belknap,’’ before ‘‘Car-roll,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘Cheshire,’’ before ‘‘Coos,’’; and (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) by inserting ‘‘Addison, Bennington,’’ before ‘‘Caledonia,’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘Chittenden,’’ before ‘‘Essex,’’; (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ and inserting ‘‘Or-ange,’’ and (D) by inserting ‘‘, Rutland, Washington, Windham, and Windsor’’ after ‘‘Orleans’’. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 15751(a) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. (f) TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Chapters 1, 2, 3, and 4 of subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, are redesignated as chapters 151, 153, 155, and 157, respectively. TITLE VII—RESEARCH, EXTENSION, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 
SEC. 7101. PURPOSES OF AGRICULTURAL RE-SEARCH, EXTENSION, AND EDU-CATION. 
Section 1402 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3101) is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) support international collaboration that leverages resources and advances pri-ority food and agricultural interests of the United States, such as— ‘‘(A) addressing emerging plant and animal diseases; ‘‘(B) improving crop varieties and animal breeds; and ‘‘(C) developing safe, efficient, and nutri-tious food systems.’’. 
SEC. 7102. MATTERS RELATING TO CERTAIN SCHOOL DESIGNATIONS AND DEC-LARATIONS. 
(a) S TUDY OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURAL  S
CIENCES .—Section 1404(14) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103(14)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION .—The terms ‘NLGCA Insti-tution’ and ‘non-land-grant college of agri-culture’ mean a public college or university offering a baccalaureate or higher degree in the study of agricultural sciences, forestry, or both in any area of study described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) C
LARIFICATION .—An area of study re-ferred to in clause (i) may include any of the following: ‘‘(I) Agriculture. ‘‘(II) Agricultural business and manage-ment. ‘‘(III) Agricultural economics. ‘‘(IV) Agricultural mechanization. ‘‘(V) Agricultural production operations. ‘‘(VI) Aquaculture. ‘‘(VII) Agricultural and food products proc-essing. ‘‘(VIII) Agricultural and domestic animal services. ‘‘(IX) Equestrian or equine studies. ‘‘(X) Applied horticulture or horticulture operations. ‘‘(XI) Ornamental horticulture. ‘‘(XII) Greenhouse operations and manage-ment. ‘‘(XIII) Turf and turfgrass management. ‘‘(XIV) Plant nursery operations and man-agement. ‘‘(XV) Floriculture or floristry operations and management. ‘‘(XVI) International agriculture. ‘‘(XVII) Agricultural public services. ‘‘(XVIII) Agricultural and extension edu-cation services. ‘‘(XIX) Agricultural communication or ag-ricultural journalism. ‘‘(XX) Animal sciences. ‘‘(XXI) Food science. ‘‘(XXII) Plant sciences. ‘‘(XXIII) Soil sciences. ‘‘(XXIV) Forestry. ‘‘(XXV) Forest sciences and biology. ‘‘(XXVI) Natural resources or conserva-tion. ‘‘(XXVII) Natural resources management and policy. ‘‘(XXVIII) Natural resource economics. ‘‘(XXIX) Urban forestry. ‘‘(XXX) Wood science and wood products or pulp or paper technology. ‘‘(XXXI) Range science and management. ‘‘(XXXII) Agricultural engineering. ‘‘(XXXIII) Any other area, as determined appropriate by the Secretary.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘any institution designated under’’ after ‘‘include’’; (B) by striking clause (i); and (C) in clause (ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘(ii) any institution des-ignated under—’’; (ii) by striking subclause (IV); (iii) in subclause (II), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (iv) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (v) by redesignating subclauses (I), (II), and (III) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respectively, and indenting appropriately. (b) DESIGNATION REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a process to review each designated NLGCA Institution (as de-fined in section 1404(14)(A) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103(14)(A))) to ensure compliance with that section (as amended by subsection (a)). (2) V
IOLATION .—If the Secretary determines under paragraph (1) that an NLGCA Institu-tion is not in compliance with section 1404(14)(A) of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103(14)(A)) (as amended by subsection (a)), the designation of that NLGCA Institution shall be revoked. 
SEC. 7103. NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH, EXTENSION, EDUCATION, AND ECO-NOMICS ADVISORY BOARD. 
Section 1408(h) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3123(h)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7104. CITRUS DISEASE SUBCOMMITTEE OF SPECIALTY CROP COMMITTEE. 
Section 1408A(a)(2)(D) of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3123a(a)(2)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7105. VETERINARY SERVICES GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1415B of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3151b) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘to qualified’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘to— ‘‘(A) qualified’’; (B) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and insert-ing ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) qualified entities for the purpose of exposing students in grades 11 and 12 to edu-cation and career opportunities in food ani-mal medicine.’’; and (2) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking the subsection designation and heading and inserting the following: ‘‘(h) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—’’; (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2014 and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2023’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall award not less than 
2⁄3of amounts made available for grants under this section to qualified en-tities with a focus on food animal medi-cine.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4581 June 27, 2018 
SEC. 7106. GRANTS AND FELLOWSHIPS FOR FOOD AND AGRICULTURE SCIENCES EDU-CATION. 
Section 1417(m)(2) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3152(m)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7107. RESEARCH EQUIPMENT GRANTS. 
The National Agricultural Research, Ex-tension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 is amended by inserting after section 1418 (7 U.S.C. 3153) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1419. RESEARCH EQUIPMENT GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION .— In this section, the term ‘eligible institution’ means— ‘‘(1) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))); or ‘‘(2) a State cooperative institution. ‘‘(b) G
RANTS .—The Secretary may award competitive grants to eligible institutions for the acquisition of special purpose sci-entific research equipment for use in the food and agricultural sciences programs of those institutions. ‘‘(c) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The amount of a grant under subsection (b) shall not exceed $500,000. ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION ON CHARGE OF INDIRECT  C
OSTS.—The cost of the acquisition or depre-ciation of equipment purchased with a grant under this section shall not be— ‘‘(1) charged as an indirect cost against an-other Federal grant; or ‘‘(2) included as part of the indirect cost pool for purposes of calculating the indirect cost rate of an eligible institution. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7108. AGRICULTURAL AND FOOD POLICY RE-SEARCH CENTERS. 
Section 1419A(e) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3155(e)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7109. EDUCATION GRANTS TO ALASKA NA-TIVE SERVING INSTITUTIONS AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN SERVING INSTI-TUTIONS. 
Section 1419B of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3156) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7110. NEXT GENERATION AGRICULTURE TECHNOLOGY CHALLENGE. 
Subtitle C of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1419C. NEXT GENERATION AGRICULTURE TECHNOLOGY CHALLENGE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a next generation agriculture tech-nology challenge competition to provide an incentive for the development of innovative mobile technology that removes barriers to entry in the marketplace for beginning farm-ers and ranchers (as defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a))). ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The Secretary may award not more than $1,000,000 in the aggregate to 1 or more winners of the competition under subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 7111. NUTRITION EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
Section 1425(f) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3175(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 7112. AUTHORIZATION FOR APPROPRIA-TIONS FOR FEDERAL AGRICUL-TURAL RESEARCH FACILITIES. 
Section 1431 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act Amendments of 1985 (Public Law 99–198; 99 Stat. 1556; 128 Stat. 900) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7113. CONTINUING ANIMAL HEALTH AND DISEASE RESEARCH PROGRAMS. 
Section 1433(c)(1) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3195(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7114. EXTENSION AT 1890 LAND-GRANT COL-LEGES, INCLUDING TUSKEGEE UNI-VERSITY; REPORT. 
Section 1444 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (4); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall annu-ally submit to Congress a report describing the allocations made to, and matching funds received by— ‘‘(1) eligible institutions under this sec-tion; and ‘‘(2) institutions designated under the Act of July 2, 1862 (commonly known as the ‘First Morrill Act’) (12 Stat. 503, chapter 130; 7 U.S.C. 301 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 7115. REPORT ON AGRICULTURAL RE-SEARCH AT 1890 LAND-GRANT COL-LEGES, INCLUDING TUSKEGEE UNI-VERSITY. 
Section 1445 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3222) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(i) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall annually submit to Congress a report describing the allocations made to, and matching funds re-ceived by— ‘‘(1) eligible institutions under this sec-tion; and ‘‘(2) institutions designated under the Act of July 2, 1862 (commonly known as the ‘First Morrill Act’) (12 Stat. 503, chapter 130; 7 U.S.C. 301 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 7116. GRANTS TO UPGRADE AGRICULTURAL AND FOOD SCIENCES FACILITIES AT 1890 LAND-GRANT COLLEGES, IN-CLUDING TUSKEGEE UNIVERSITY. 
Section 1447(b) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3222b(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7117. GRANTS TO UPGRADE AGRICULTURE AND FOOD SCIENCES FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT AT INSULAR AREA LAND-GRANT INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 1447B(d) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3222b–2(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7118. NEW BEGINNING FOR TRIBAL STU-DENTS. 
Subtitle G of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1450. NEW BEGINNING FOR TRIBAL STU-DENTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF TRIBAL STUDENT .—In this section, the term ‘Tribal student’ means a student at a land-grant college or univer-sity that is a member of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). ‘‘(b) N
EWBEGINNING INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may make competitive grants to land-grant col-leges and universities to provide identifiable support specifically targeted for Tribal stu-dents. ‘‘(2) APPLICATION .—A land-grant college or university that desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A land-grant college or university that receives a grant under this section shall use the grant funds to support Tribal students through— ‘‘(A) recruiting; ‘‘(B) tuition and related fees; ‘‘(C) experiential learning; and ‘‘(D) student services, including— ‘‘(i) tutoring; ‘‘(ii) counseling; ‘‘(iii) academic advising; and ‘‘(iv) other student services that would in-crease the retention and graduation rate of Tribal students enrolled at the land-grant college or university, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—A land-grant col-lege or university that receives a grant under this section shall provide matching funds toward the cost of carrying out the ac-tivities described in this section in an amount equal to not less than 100 percent of the grant award. ‘‘(5) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT PER STATE .—No State shall receive, through grants made under this section to land-grant colleges and universities located in the State, more than $500,000 per year. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry and the Committee on In-dian Affairs of the Senate a report that in-cludes an itemized list of grant funds distrib-uted under this section, including the spe-cific form of assistance, and the number of Tribal students assisted and the graduation rate of Tribal students at land-grant colleges and universities receiving grants under this section. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATION .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7119. HISPANIC-SERVING INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 1455(c) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3241(c)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7120. BINATIONAL AGRICULTURAL RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 1458(e) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3291(e)) is amend-ed— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ULLPAYMENT OF FUNDS MADEAVAILABLE  
FORCERTAIN ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ERTAIN ’’ ; (2) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) F
ULL PAYMENT OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing’’; (3) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (A) by striking ‘‘Israel-United States’’ and inserting ‘‘United States-Israel’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘(referred to in this sub-section as the ‘BARD Fund’)’’ after ‘‘Devel-opment Fund’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—Activities under the BARD Fund to promote and support agricul-tural research and development that are of mutual benefit to the United States and Israel shall— ‘‘(A) be carried out by the Secretary in a manner consistent with this section; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4582 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(B) accelerate the demonstration, devel-opment, and application of agricultural solu-tions resulting from or relating to BARD Fund programs, including BARD Fund-spon-sored research and innovations in drip irriga-tion, pesticides, aquaculture, livestock, poul-try, disease control, and farm equipment; and ‘‘(C) encourage research carried out by governmental, nongovernmental, and private entities, including through collaboration with colleges and universities, research in-stitutions, and the private sector.’’. 
SEC. 7121. PARTNERSHIPS TO BUILD CAPACITY IN INTERNATIONAL AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH, EXTENSION, AND TEACH-ING. 
The National Agricultural Research, Ex-tension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 is amended by inserting after section 1458 (7 U.S.C. 3291) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1458A. PARTNERSHIPS TO BUILD CAPACITY IN INTERNATIONAL AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH, EXTENSION, AND TEACH-ING. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to build the capacity, and improve the per-formance, of covered Institutions and agri-cultural higher education institutions in lower and middle income countries per-forming, or desiring to perform, activities substantially similar to agricultural re-search, extension, and teaching activities (referred to in this section as ‘agricultural higher education institutions in developing countries’) in order to solve food, health, nu-trition, rural income, and environmental challenges, especially among chronically food insecure populations, including by— ‘‘(1) promoting partnerships between cov-ered Institutions and agricultural higher education institutions in developing coun-tries; and ‘‘(2) leveraging the capacity of covered In-stitutions to partner with agricultural high-er education institutions in developing coun-tries. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) 1862 
INSTITUTION ; 1890 INSTITUTION ; 1994 
INSTITUTION .—The terms ‘1862 Institution’, ‘1890 Institution’, and ‘1994 Institution’ have the meanings given the terms in section 2 of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601). ‘‘(2) C
OVERED INSTITUTION .—The term ‘cov-ered Institution’ means— ‘‘(A) an 1862 Institution; ‘‘(B) an 1890 Institution; ‘‘(C) a 1994 Institution; ‘‘(D) an NLGCA Institution; ‘‘(E) an Hispanic-serving agricultural col-lege or university; and ‘‘(F) a cooperating forestry school. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY .—To carry out the purpose of this section, the Secretary may promote cooperation and co-ordination between covered Institutions and agricultural higher education institutions in developing countries through— ‘‘(1) improving extension by— ‘‘(A) encouraging the exchange of research materials and results between covered Insti-tutions and agricultural higher education in-stitutions in developing countries; ‘‘(B) facilitating the broad dissemination of agricultural research through extension; and ‘‘(C) assisting with efforts to plan and ini-tiate extension services in lower and middle income countries; ‘‘(2) improving agricultural research by— ‘‘(A) in partnership with agricultural high-er education institutions in developing coun-tries, encouraging research that addresses problems affecting food production and secu-rity, human nutrition, agriculture, forestry, livestock, and fisheries, including local chal-lenges; and ‘‘(B) supporting and strengthening na-tional agricultural research systems in lower and middle income countries; ‘‘(3) supporting the participation of cov-ered Institutions in programs of inter-national organizations, such as the United Nations, the World Bank, regional develop-ment banks, and international agricultural research centers; ‘‘(4) improving agricultural teaching and education by— ‘‘(A) in partnership with agricultural high-er education institutions in developing coun-tries, supporting education and teaching re-lating to food and agricultural sciences, in-cluding technical assistance, degree train-ing, research collaborations, classroom in-struction, workforce training, and education programs; and ‘‘(B) assisting with efforts to increase stu-dent capacity, including to encourage equi-table access for women and other under-served populations, at agricultural higher education institutions in developing coun-tries by promoting partnerships with, and improving the capacity of, covered Institu-tions; ‘‘(5) assisting covered Institutions in strengthening their capacity for food, agri-cultural, and related research, extension, and teaching programs relevant to agricul-tural development activities in lower and middle income countries to promote the ap-plication of new technology to improve edu-cation delivery; ‘‘(6) providing support for the internation-alization of resident instruction programs of covered Institutions; ‘‘(7) establishing a program, to be coordi-nated by the Director of the National Insti-tute of Food and Agriculture and the Admin-istrator of the Foreign Agricultural Service, to place interns from covered Institutions in, or in service to benefit, lower and middle in-come countries; and ‘‘(8) establishing a program to provide fel-lowships to students at covered Institutions to study at foreign agricultural colleges and universities. ‘‘(d) ENHANCING LINKAGES .—The Secretary shall enhance the linkages among covered Institutions, the Federal Government, inter-national research centers, counterpart re-search, extension, and teaching agencies and institutions in developed countries and de-veloping countries— ‘‘(1) to carry out the purpose described in subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) to make a substantial contribution to the cause of improved food and agricultural progress throughout the world. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7122. COMPETITIVE GRANTS FOR INTER-NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL SCIENCE AND EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 1459A(c)(2) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3292b(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7123. UNIVERSITY RESEARCH. 
Section 1463 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3311) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears in sub-sections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7124. EXTENSION SERVICE. 
Section 1464 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3312) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 7125. SUPPLEMENTAL AND ALTERNATIVE CROPS; HEMP. 
Section 1473D of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3319d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘crops,’’ and inserting ‘‘crops (including canola),’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘for agronomic rotational purposes and as a habitat for honey bees and other pollinators’’ after ‘‘alternative crops’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘commodities whose’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘commodities.’’; (3) in subsection (c)(3)(E), by inserting ‘‘(including hemp (as defined in section 297A of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946))’’ after ‘‘material’’; and (4) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7126. NEW ERA RURAL TECHNOLOGY PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1473E of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3319e) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) precision agriculture.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2008 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 7127. CAPACITY BUILDING GRANTS FOR NLGCA INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 1473F(b) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3319i(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7128. AGRICULTURE ADVANCED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY PILOT. 
Subtitle K of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3310 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1473H. AGRICULTURE ADVANCED RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AU-THORITY PILOT. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to promote advanced research and develop-ment through a pilot program targeting high-priority research needs for qualified products and projects, agricultural tech-nologies, and research tools. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DVANCED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .—The term ‘advanced research and de-velopment’ means research and development activities used to overcome long-term and high-risk research challenges in agriculture and food through— ‘‘(A) targeted acceleration of novel, early stage innovative agricultural research with promising technology applications and prod-ucts; or ‘‘(B) development of qualified products and projects, agricultural technologies, or inno-vative research tools, which may include— ‘‘(i) prototype testing, preclinical develop-ment, or field experimental use; ‘‘(ii) assessing and assisting with product approval, clearance, or need for a license under— ‘‘(I) the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8301 et seq.); ‘‘(II) the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.); or ‘‘(III) other applicable law; or ‘‘(iii) manufacturing and commercializa-tion of a product. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4583 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(2) AGARDA.—The term ‘AGARDA’ means the Agriculture Advanced Research and Development Authority established by subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(3) A
GRICULTURAL TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘agricultural technology’ means machinery and other equipment engineered for an appli-cable and novel use in agriculture, natural resources, and food relating to the research and development of qualified products and projects. ‘‘(4) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the AGARDA. ‘‘(5) F
UND.—The term ‘Fund’ means the Ag-riculture Advanced Research and Develop-ment Fund established by subsection (e)(1). ‘‘(6) O
THER TRANSACTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘other trans-action’ means a transaction other than a procurement contract, grant, or cooperative agreement. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘other trans-action’ includes a transaction described in subsection (c)(6)(A). ‘‘(7) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means— ‘‘(A) an individual; ‘‘(B) a partnership; ‘‘(C) a corporation; ‘‘(D) an association; ‘‘(E) an entity; ‘‘(F) a public or private corporation; ‘‘(G) a Federal, State, or local government agency or department; and ‘‘(H) an institution of higher education, in-cluding a land-grant college or university and a non-land-grant college of agriculture. ‘‘(8) Q
UALIFIED PRODUCT OR PROJECT .—The term ‘qualified product or project’ means ad-vanced research and development of— ‘‘(A) engineering, mechanization, or tech-nology improvements that will address chal-lenges relating to growing, harvesting, han-dling, processing, storing, packing, and dis-tribution of agricultural products; ‘‘(B) plant disease or plant pest recovery countermeasures to intentional or uninten-tional biological or natural threats, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) replacement or resistant plant cultivars or varieties; ‘‘(ii) other enhanced management strate-gies, including novel chemical, biological, or cultural approaches; or ‘‘(iii) diagnostic or surveillance tech-nology; and ‘‘(C) veterinary countermeasures to inten-tional or unintentional biological threats (including naturally occurring threats), in-cluding— ‘‘(i) animal vaccine or therapeutic prod-ucts (including anti-infective products); or ‘‘(ii) diagnostic or surveillance technology. ‘‘(9) R
ESEARCH TOOL .—The term ‘research tool’ means a device, technology, procedure, biological material, reagent, computer sys-tem, computer software, or analytical tech-nique that is developed to assist in the dis-covery, development, or manufacture of a qualified product or project. ‘‘(c) A
GRICULTURE ADVANCED RESEARCH AND  D
EVELOPMENT AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department of Agriculture the Agriculture Advanced Research and Develop-ment Authority to address long-term and high-risk challenges in the development of— ‘‘(A) qualified products and projects; ‘‘(B) agricultural technologies; and ‘‘(C) research tools. ‘‘(2) G
OALS .—The goals of the AGARDA are— ‘‘(A) to enhance the economic viability, se-curity, and sustainability of agriculture to ensure that the United States is competitive and maintains a technological lead globally; ‘‘(B) to develop and deploy advanced solu-tions to prevent, prepare, and protect against unintentional and intentional threats to agriculture and food in the United States; ‘‘(C) to overcome the long-term and high- risk technological barriers in the develop-ment of agricultural technologies that en-hance export competitiveness, environ-mental sustainability, and resilience to ex-treme weather; and ‘‘(D) to ensure that the United States maintains a technological lead in developing and deploying advanced agricultural tech-nologies that increase economic opportuni-ties for farmers, ranchers, and rural commu-nities. ‘‘(3) LEADERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The AGARDA shall be a component of the Office of the Chief Sci-entist. ‘‘(B) D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The AGARDA shall be headed by a Director, who shall be appointed by the Chief Scientist. ‘‘(ii) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Director shall be an individual who, by reason of profes-sional background and experience, is espe-cially qualified to advise the Chief Scientist on, and manage research programs address-ing, matters pertaining to— ‘‘(I) advanced research and development; ‘‘(II) qualified products and projects; ‘‘(III) agricultural technologies; ‘‘(IV) research tools; and ‘‘(V) long-term and high-risk challenges re-lating to the matters described in subclauses (I) through (IV). ‘‘(iii) R
ELATIONSHIP WITHIN THE DEPART -
MENT OF AGRICULTURE .—The Director shall report to the Chief Scientist. ‘‘(4) D
UTIES .—To achieve the goals de-scribed in paragraph (2), the Secretary, act-ing through the Director, shall accelerate advanced research and development by— ‘‘(A) identifying and promoting revolu-tionary advances in fundamental sciences; ‘‘(B) translating scientific discoveries and cutting-edge inventions into technological innovations; ‘‘(C) incubating and accelerating trans-formational advances in areas in which in-dustry by itself is not likely to undertake advanced research and development because of the high-risk technological or financial uncertainty; ‘‘(D) collaborating with Federal agencies, relevant industries, academia, international agencies, the Foundation for Food and Agri-culture Research, and other persons to carry out the goals described in paragraph (2), in-cluding convening, at a minimum, annual meetings or working groups to demonstrate the operation and effectiveness of advanced research and development of qualified prod-ucts and projects, agricultural technologies, and research tools; ‘‘(E) conducting ongoing searches for, and support calls for, potential advanced re-search and development of agricultural tech-nologies, qualified products and projects, and research tools; ‘‘(F) awarding grants and entering into contracts, cooperative agreements, or other transactions under paragraph (6) for ad-vanced research and development of agricul-tural technology, qualified products and projects, and research tools; ‘‘(G) establishing issue-based multidisci-plinary discovery teams to reduce the time and cost of solving specific problems that— ‘‘(i) are composed of representatives from Federal and State agencies, professional groups, academia, and industry; ‘‘(ii) seek novel and effective solutions; and ‘‘(iii) encourage data sharing and trans-lation of research to field use; and ‘‘(H) connecting interested persons with of-fices or employees authorized by the Sec-retary to advise those persons regarding re-quirements under relevant laws that impact the development, commercialization, and technology transfer of qualified products and projects, agricultural technologies, and re-search tools. ‘‘(5) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants and en-tering into contracts, cooperative agree-ments, or other transactions under para-graph (4)(F), the Secretary shall give pri-ority to projects that accelerate the ad-vanced research and development of— ‘‘(A) new technologies to address critical research needs for specialty crops; and ‘‘(B) qualified products and projects that prevent, protect, and prepare against inten-tional and unintentional threats to agri-culture and food. ‘‘(6) O
THER TRANSACTION AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall have the authority to enter into other transactions in the same manner and subject to the same terms and conditions as trans-actions that the Secretary of Defense may enter into under section 2371 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(B) S
COPE.—The authority of the Sec-retary to enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and other transactions under this subsection shall be in addition to the authorities under this Act and title I of the Department of Agriculture and Related Agencies Appropriation Act, 1964 (7 U.S.C. 3318a), to use contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and grants in carrying out the pilot program under this section. ‘‘(C) G
UIDELINES .—The Secretary shall es-tablish guidelines regarding the use of the authority under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) T
ECHNOLOGY TRANSFER .—In entering into other transactions, the Secretary may negotiate terms for technology transfer in the same manner as a Federal laboratory under paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 12(b) of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a(b)). ‘‘(7) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-quire that, as a condition of being awarded a contract or grant or entering into a coopera-tive agreement or other transaction under paragraph (4)(F), a person shall make avail-able to the Secretary on an ongoing basis, and submit to the Secretary on request of the Secretary, all data relating to or result-ing from the activities carried out by the person pursuant to this section. ‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—This subparagraph shall be considered a statute described in section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) E
XEMPTION .—The following informa-tion shall be exempt from disclosure and withheld from the public: ‘‘(I) Specific technical data or scientific in-formation that is created or obtained under this section that reveals significant and not otherwise publicly known vulnerabilities of existing agriculture and food defenses against biological, chemical, nuclear, or ra-diological threats. ‘‘(II) Trade secrets or commercial or finan-cial information that is privileged or con-fidential (within the meaning of section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code) and obtained in the conduct of research or as a result of activities under this section from a non-Federal party participating in a con-tract, grant, cooperative agreement, or other transaction under this section. ‘‘(iii) R
EVIEW .—Information that results from research and development activities conducted under this section and that would be a trade secret or commercial or financial information that is privileged or confidential if the information had been obtained from a non-Federal party participating in a cooper-ative agreement or other transaction shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4584 June 27, 2018 
be withheld from disclosure under clause (ii) for 5 years. ‘‘(8) M
ILESTONE -BASED PAYMENTS AL -
LOWED .—In awarding contracts and grants and entering into cooperative agreements or other transactions under paragraph (4)(F), the Secretary may— ‘‘(A) use milestone-based awards and pay-ments; and ‘‘(B) terminate a project for not meeting technical milestones. ‘‘(9) U
SE OF EXISTING PERSONNEL AUTHORI -
TIES.—In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary may appoint highly qualified indi-viduals to scientific or professional positions on the same terms and conditions as pro-vided in section 620(b)(4) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7657(b)(4)). ‘‘(10) R
EPORT AND EVALUATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate an annual report examining the actions undertaken and results generated by the AGARDA. ‘‘(B) E
VALUATION .—After the date on which the AGARDA has been in operation for 3 years, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an evaluation— ‘‘(i) to be completed and submitted to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate not later than 1 year after the date on which the Comptroller General began con-ducting the evaluation; ‘‘(ii) describing the extent to which the AGARDA is achieving the goals described in paragraph (2); and ‘‘(iii) including a recommendation on whether the AGARDA should be continued, terminated, or expanded. ‘‘(d) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall develop and make pub-lically available a strategic plan describing the strategic vision that the AGARDA shall use— ‘‘(A) to make determinations for future in-vestments during the period of effectiveness of this section; and ‘‘(B) to achieve the goals described in sub-section (c)(2). ‘‘(2) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall carry out such activities as the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate to disseminate the information contained in the strategic plan under paragraph (1) to persons who may have the capacity to substantially con-tribute to the activities described in that strategic plan. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION ; CONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) update and coordinate the strategic coordination plan under section 221(d)(7) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganiza-tion Act of 1994 with the strategic plan de-veloped under paragraph (1) for activities re-lating to agriculture and food defense coun-termeasure development and procurement; and ‘‘(B) in developing the strategic plan under paragraph (1), consult with— ‘‘(i) the National Agricultural Research, Extension, Education, and Economics Advi-sory Board established under section 1408(a); ‘‘(ii) the specialty crops committee estab-lished under section 1408A(a)(1); ‘‘(iii) relevant agriculture research agen-cies of the Federal Government; ‘‘(iv) the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine; ‘‘(v) the National Veterinary Stockpile Intra-Government Advisory Committee for Strategic Steering; and ‘‘(vi) other appropriate parties, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(e) FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury the Agriculture Advanced Research and Development Fund, which shall be administered by the Secretary, act-ing through the Director— ‘‘(A) for the purpose of carrying out this section; and ‘‘(B) in the same manner and subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the Secretary of Defense under section 2371 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(2) D
EPOSITS INTO FUND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Director, may accept and de-posit into the Fund monies received pursu-ant to cost recovery or contribution under a contract, grant, cooperative agreement, or other transaction under this section. ‘‘(B) C
LARIFICATION .—Nothing in this para-graph authorizes the use of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out this section. ‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—In addition to funds other-wise deposited in the Fund under paragraph (1) or (2), there is authorized to be appro-priated to the Fund $50,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023, to remain avail-able until expended. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The authority provided by this section termi-nates effective September 30, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7129. AQUACULTURE ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 1477(a)(2) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3324(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7130. REPEAL OF RANGELAND RESEARCH PROGRAMS. 
Subtitle M of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3331 et seq.) is repealed. 
SEC. 7131. SPECIAL AUTHORIZATION FOR BIO-SECURITY PLANNING AND RE-SPONSE. 
Section 1484(a)(2) of the National Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3351(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7132. DISTANCE EDUCATION AND RESIDENT INSTRUCTION GRANTS PROGRAM FOR INSULAR AREA INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. 
(a) D ISTANCE EDUCATION GRANTS FOR INSU-
LAR AREAS .—Section 1490(f)(2) of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3362(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) R
ESIDENT INSTRUCTION GRANTS FOR IN-
SULAR AREAS .—Section 1491(c)(2) of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3363(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7133. LIMITATION ON DESIGNATION OF EN-TITIES ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE FUNDS UNDER A CAPACITY PRO-GRAM. 
Subtitle P of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3371 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1493. LIMITATION ON DESIGNATION OF EN-TITIES ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE FUNDS UNDER A CAPACITY PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF CAPACITY PROGRAM .—In this section, the term ‘capacity program’ means each of the following agricultural re-search, extension, education, and related programs: ‘‘(1) The programs for which funds are made available under subsections (b) and (c) of section 3 of the Smith-Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 343). ‘‘(2) The program for which funds are made available under the Hatch Act of 1887 (7 U.S.C. 361a et seq.). ‘‘(3) The program for which funds are made available under section 1444. ‘‘(4) The program for which funds are made available under section 1445. ‘‘(5) The grant program authorized under section 1447. ‘‘(6) The program for which funds are made available under Public Law 87–788 (com-monly known as the ‘McIntire-Stennis Coop-erative Forestry Act’) (16 U.S.C. 582a et seq.). ‘‘(7) Any other agricultural research, ex-tension, or education program relating to ca-pacity and infrastructure, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) LIMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under paragraph (2), and notwithstanding any other provision of law, no additional entity designated after the date of enactment of this section shall be eligible to receive funds under a capacity program. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) 1994 
INSTITUTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in the case of a designation of a 1994 Institution under section 2 of Public Law 87–788 (commonly known as the ‘‘McIntire-Stennis Cooperative Forestry Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 582a-1). ‘‘(B) E
XTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCES .—In the case of extraordinary circumstances or a situation that would lead to an inequitable result, as determined by the Secretary, the Secretary may determine that an entity des-ignated after the date of enactment of this section is eligible to receive funds under a capacity program. ‘‘(c) N
OINCREASE IN STATE FUNDING .—No State shall receive an increase in the amount of capacity program funding as a re-sult of the designation of additional entities as eligible to receive funds under a capacity program.’’. 
SEC. 7134. SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM FOR STU-DENTS ATTENDING 1890 INSTITU-TIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Act of August 30, 1890 (commonly known as the ‘‘Second Morrill Act’’) (26 Stat. 417, chapter 841; 7 U.S.C. 321 et seq.), brought about the establishment of the following 19 public, African-American land-grant colleges and universities: (A) Alabama A&M University. (B) Alcorn State University. (C) Central State University. (D) Delaware State University. (E) Florida A&M University. (F) Fort Valley State University. (G) Kentucky State University. (H) Langston University. (I) Lincoln University. (J) North Carolina A&T State University. (K) Prairie View A&M University. (L) South Carolina State University. (M) Southern University System. (N) Tennessee State University. (O) Tuskegee University. (P) University of Arkansas Pine Bluff. (Q) University of Maryland Eastern Shore. (R) Virginia State University. (S) West Virginia State University. (2) Funding for agricultural education, re-search, and extension at the colleges and universities described in paragraph (1) is au-thorized to be appropriated to the Depart-ment of Agriculture with each farm bill, which is enacted approximately every 5 years. (3) The Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 649) authorizes the ap-propriation of Federal funds for research, education, and extension activities at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4585 June 27, 2018 
colleges and universities described in para-graph (1) and the Agriculture, Rural Devel-opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2245) appro-priated $19,000,000 for education grants for the colleges and universities described in paragraph (1). (4) There is a great need to increase the number of young African-Americans seeking careers in the food and agricultural sciences (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)), including agribusiness, food production, dis-tribution, and retailing, the clothing indus-tries, energy and renewable fuels, and farm-ing marketing, finance, and distribution. (5) Scholarship funding provided to in-crease the number of young African-Amer-ican individuals seeking a career in the food and agricultural sciences shall be provided with the caveat that those scholarship stu-dents shall commit to pursue a career in the food and agricultural sciences, including ag-ribusiness, food production, distribution, and retailing, the clothing industries, energy and renewable fuels, and farming marketing, fi-nance, and distribution. (6) The average age of farmers and pro-ducers in the United States is 60 years of age and continues to rise. (7) Beginning farmers and ranchers (as de-fined in section 7405 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 3319f)) need greater assistance in the financ-ing of their education because of the in-creased startup costs associated with farm-ing, such as the purchase of land and farming equipment. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this section and the amendment made by this section are— (1) to address the national crisis posed by the aging farmer and producer population in the United States; (2) to increase the number of young Afri-can-American individuals seeking a career in the food and agricultural sciences (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)), including careers in agribusiness, food production, distribu-tion, and retailing, the clothing industries, energy and renewable fuels, and farming marketing, finance, and distribution; (3) to reduce the average age of farmers and producers in the United States; (4) to provide greater assistance to begin-ning farmers and ranchers (as defined in sec-tion 7405 of Farm Security and Rural Invest-ment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 3319f)); and (5) to provide scholarships to 1890 land- grant students seeking careers in the food and agricultural sciences. (c) S
CHOLARSHIP PROGRAM FOR STUDENTS  A
TTENDING 1890- INSTITUTIONS .—Subtitle G of the National Agricultural Research, Exten-sion, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221 et seq.) (as amended by section 7118) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 1451. SCHOLARSHIPS FOR STUDENTS AT 1890 LAND-GRANT COLLEGES, IN-CLUDING TUSKEGEE UNIVERSITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a grant program under which the Secretary shall award a grant to each 1890 Institution (as defined in section 2 of the Ag-ricultural Research, Extension, and Edu-cation Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601)) (re-ferred to in this section as an ‘eligible insti-tution’), to award scholarships to individuals who— ‘‘(1) seek to attend the eligible institution; and ‘‘(2) intend to pursue a career in the food and agricultural sciences, including a career in agribusiness, food production, distribu-tion, and retailing, the clothing industries, energy and renewable fuels, and farming marketing, finance, and distribution. ‘‘(b) FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $19,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION .—Of the funds made avail-able under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall allocate to each eligible in-stitution $1,000,000.’’. Subtitle B—Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 
SEC. 7201. BEST UTILIZATION OF BIOLOGICAL AP-PLICATIONS. 
Section 1624 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5814) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7202. INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS. 
Section 1627(d) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5821(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7203. SUSTAINABLE AGRICULTURE TECH-NOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND TRANSFER PROGRAM. 
Section 1628(f)(2) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5831(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7204. NATIONAL TRAINING PROGRAM. 
Section 1629(i) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5832(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7205. NATIONAL STRATEGIC GERMPLASM AND CULTIVAR COLLECTION AS-SESSMENT AND UTILIZATION PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1632(d) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5841(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) develop and implement a national strategic germplasm and cultivar collection assessment and utilization plan that takes into consideration the resources and re-search necessary to address the significant backlog of characterization and maintenance of existing accessions considered to be crit-ical to preserve the viability of, and public access to, germplasm and cultivars; and’’. (b) P
LANPUBLICATION .—Section 1633 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5842) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
LANPUBLICATION .—On completion of the development of the plan described in sec-tion 1632(d)(6), the Secretary shall make the plan available to the public.’’. 
SEC. 7206. NATIONAL GENETICS RESOURCES PROGRAM. 
(a) A DVISORY COUNCIL .—Section 1634 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5843) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (B) in the second sentence of paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘The advi-sory’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The advisory’’; (C) in paragraph (2) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘nine’’ and inserting ‘‘13’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In making recommenda-tions under paragraph (1), the advisory coun-cil shall include recommendations on— ‘‘(i) the state of public cultivar develop-ment, including— ‘‘(I) an analysis of existing cultivar re-search investments; ‘‘(II) the research gaps relating to the de-velopment of cultivars across a diverse range of crops; and ‘‘(III) an assessment of the state of com-mercialization of federally funded cultivars; ‘‘(ii) the training and resources needed to meet future breeding challenges; ‘‘(iii) the appropriate levels of Federal funding for cultivar development for under-served crops and geographic areas; and ‘‘(iv) the development of the plan described in section 1632(d)(6).’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Two-thirds’’ and inserting ‘‘6’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘economics and policy,’’ after ‘‘agricultural sciences,’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘One-third’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘community develop-ment,’’ after ‘‘public policy,’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) 4 of the members shall be appointed from among individuals with expertise in public cultivar and animal breed develop-ment. ‘‘(4) 4 of the members shall be appointed from among individuals representing— ‘‘(A) 1862 Institutions (as defined in section 2 of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601)); ‘‘(B) 1890 Institutions (as defined in section 2 of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601)); ‘‘(C) eligible institutions (as defined in sec-tion 502(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a(a))); or ‘‘(D) 1994 Institutions (as defined in section 532 of the Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382)).’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 1635(b)(2) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5844(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7207. NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL WEATHER INFORMATION SYSTEM. 
Section 1641(c) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5855(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7208. AGRICULTURAL GENOME TO PHENOME INITIATIVE. 
Section 1671 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5924) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
TO 
PHENOME ’’ after ‘‘ GENOME ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) G
OALS .—The goals of this section are— ‘‘(1) to expand knowledge concerning genomes and phenomes of crops and animals of importance to the agriculture sector of the United States; ‘‘(2) to understand how variable weather, environments, and production systems im-pact the growth and productivity of specific varieties of crops and species of animals in order to provide greater accuracy in pre-dicting crop and animal performance under variable conditions; ‘‘(3) to support research that leverages plant and animal genomic information with phenotypic and environmental data through an interdisciplinary framework, leading to a novel understanding of plant and animal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4586 June 27, 2018 
processes that affect growth, productivity, and the ability to predict performance, which will result in the deployment of supe-rior varieties and species to producers and improved crop and animal management rec-ommendations for farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(4) to catalyze and coordinate research that links genomics and predictive phenomics at different sites across the United States to achieve advances in crops and animals that generate societal benefits; ‘‘(5) to combine fields such as genetics, genomics, plant physiology, agronomy, cli-matology, and crop modeling with computa-tion and informatics, statistics, and engi-neering; ‘‘(6) to combine fields such as genetics, genomics, animal physiology, meat science, animal nutrition, and veterinary science with computation and informatics, statis-tics, and engineering; ‘‘(7) to focus on crops and animals that will yield scientifically important results that will enhance the usefulness of many other crops and animals; ‘‘(8) to build on genomic research, such as the Plant Genome Research Project and the National Animal Genome Research Program, to understand gene function in production environments that is expected to have con-siderable returns for crops and animals of importance to the agriculture of the United States; ‘‘(9) to develop improved data analytics to enhance understanding of the biological function of genes; ‘‘(10) to allow resources developed under this section, including data, software, germplasm, and other biological materials, to be openly accessible to all persons, subject to any confidentiality requirements imposed by law; and ‘‘(11) to encourage international partner-ships with each partner country responsible for financing its own research.’’; (3) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
UTIES OF SECRETARY .—The Secretary of Agriculture (referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’) shall conduct a research ini-tiative, to be known as the ‘Agricultural Ge-nome to Phenome Initiative’, for the purpose of— ‘‘(1) studying agriculturally significant crops and animals in production environ-ments to achieve sustainable and secure ag-ricultural production; ‘‘(2) ensuring that current gaps in existing knowledge of agricultural crop and animal genetics and phenomics are filled; ‘‘(3) identifying and developing a func-tional understanding of relevant genes from animals and agronomically relevant genes from crops that are of importance to the ag-riculture sector of the United States; ‘‘(4) ensuring future genetic improvement of crops and animals of importance to the agriculture sector of the United States; ‘‘(5) studying the relevance of diverse germplasm as a source of unique genes that may be of importance in the future; ‘‘(6) enhancing genetics to reduce the eco-nomic impact of pathogens on crops and ani-mals of importance to the agriculture sector of the United States; ‘‘(7) disseminating findings to relevant au-diences; and ‘‘(8) otherwise carrying out this section.’’; (4) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘, act-ing through the National Institute of Food and Agriculture,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; (5) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘to Phenome’’ after ‘‘Genome’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. SEC. 7209. HIGH-PRIORITY RESEARCH AND EX-TENSION INITIATIVES. 
(a) H IGH-PRIORITY RESEARCH AND EXTEN -
SION AREAS .—Section 1672(d) of the Food, Ag-riculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) N
ATIONAL TURFGRASS RESEARCH INI -
TIATIVE .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the pur-poses of— ‘‘(A) carrying out or enhancing research related to turfgrass and sod issues; ‘‘(B) enhancing production and uses of turfgrass for the general public; ‘‘(C) identifying new turfgrass varieties with superior drought, heat, cold, and pest tolerance to reduce water, fertilizer, and pes-ticide use; ‘‘(D) selecting genetically superior turfgrasses and development of improved technologies for managing commercial, resi-dential, and recreational turf areas; ‘‘(E) producing grasses that aid in miti-gating soil erosion, protect against pollutant runoff into waterways, and provide other en-vironmental benefits; ‘‘(F) investigating, preserving, and pro-tecting native plant species, including grasses not currently used in turf systems; ‘‘(G) creating systems for more economical and viable turfgrass seed and sod production throughout the United States; and ‘‘(H) investigating the turfgrass phytobiome and developing biologic products to enhance soil, enrich plants, and mitigate pests. ‘‘(12) N
UTRIENT MANAGEMENT .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of examining nutrient management based on the source, rate, timing, and placement of crop nutri-ents. ‘‘(13) M
ACADAMIA TREE HEALTH INITIATIVE .— Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of— ‘‘(A) developing and disseminating science- based tools and treatments to combat the macadamia felted coccid (Eriococcus ironsidei); and ‘‘(B) establishing an areawide integrated pest management program in areas affected by, or areas at risk of being affected by, the macadamia felted coccid (Eriococcus ironsidei). ‘‘(14) C
HRONIC WASTING DISEASE .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of supporting research projects at land-grant colleges and universities (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)) with established deer research pro-grams for the purposes of treating, miti-gating, or eliminating chronic wasting dis-ease in free-ranging white-tailed deer popu-lations.’’. (b) P
ULSE CROP HEALTH INITIATIVE .—Sec- tion 1672(e)(5) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(e)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) T
RAINING COORDINATION FOR FOOD AND  A
GRICULTURE PROTECTION .—Section 1672(f)(5) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(f)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (d) P
OLLINATOR PROTECTION .—Section 1672(g) of the Food, Agriculture, Conserva-tion, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraphs (1)(B), (2)(B), and (3), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘2023’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (7), respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) POLLINATOR HEALTH TASK FORCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Administrator’), shall reconstitute the Pol-linator Health Task Force (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Task Force’) to carry out the purposes described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
URPOSES .—The Task Force shall— ‘‘(i) address issues relating to pollinator health and disease, pollinator population de-cline, and Federal pollinator protection ac-tivities; and ‘‘(ii) ensure effective implementation of the 2015 National Pollinator Health Strat-egy, as modified under subparagraph (D)(i). ‘‘(C) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(i) C
O-CHAIRS .—The Secretary and the Ad-ministrator shall serve as co-chairs of the Task Force. ‘‘(ii) M
EMBERS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall be composed of not less than 15 members, each of whom shall be appointed by the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator. ‘‘(II) M
EMBERS .—The members of the Task Force— ‘‘(aa) shall include a qualified representa-tive from each of— ‘‘(AA) the Department of State; ‘‘(BB) the Department of Defense; ‘‘(CC) the Department of the Interior; ‘‘(DD) the Department of Housing and Urban Development; ‘‘(EE) the Department of Transportation; ‘‘(FF) the Department of Energy; ‘‘(GG) the Department of Education; ‘‘(HH) the Council on Environmental Quality; ‘‘(II) the Domestic Policy Council; ‘‘(JJ) the General Services Administra-tion; ‘‘(KK) the National Science Foundation; ‘‘(LL) the National Security Council; ‘‘(MM) the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(NN) the Food and Drug Administra-tion; and ‘‘(OO) the Office of Science and Tech-nology Policy; and ‘‘(bb) may include— ‘‘(AA) 1 or more qualified representatives from any other Federal department, agency, or office, as determined by the Secretary and the Administrator; and ‘‘(BB) 1 or more nongovernmental indi-viduals that possess adequate scientific cre-dentials to make meaningful contributions to the activities of the Task Force, as deter-mined by the Secretary and the Adminis-trator. ‘‘(D) D
UTIES .—The Task Force shall— ‘‘(i) review and modify the 2015 National Pollinator Health Strategy to reflect the evolving science on which it is based; ‘‘(ii) implement the 2015 National Polli-nator Health Strategy as modified under clause (i); ‘‘(iii) ensure that Federal resources are used effectively to improve pollinator habi-tat and health; ‘‘(iv) engage in regular collaboration with the Department of Agriculture, other gov-ernmental and institutional entities, and private persons to leverage Federal funding to create public-private partnerships that will achieve the long-term improvement of pollinator habitat and health, consistent with the 2016 Pollinator Partnership Action Plan; and ‘‘(v) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improve-ment Act of 2018, host a joint summit of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4587 June 27, 2018 
Department of Agriculture and the Environ-mental Protection Agency on crop protec-tion tools that examines— ‘‘(I) the science relating to the impact of crop protection tools on pollinators; ‘‘(II) the techniques used to mitigate the impact of crop protection tools; and ‘‘(III) the gaps in research relating to crop protection tools. ‘‘(E) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than De-cember 31 of each year, the Task Force shall submit a report— ‘‘(i) to— ‘‘(I) the Secretary; ‘‘(II) the Administrator; ‘‘(III) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(IV) the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate; and ‘‘(ii) that describes— ‘‘(I) the work carried out by the Task Force under subparagraph (D); and ‘‘(II) the recommendations of the Task Force for the next steps that should be taken to carry out the purposes described in sub-paragraph (B).’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (5) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(6) E
NHANCED COORDINATION OF HONEYBEE  
AND POLLINATOR RESEARCH .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Scientist shall coordinate research, education, and economic activities in the Department of Agriculture relating to native and managed pollinator health. ‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—To carry out subparagraph (A), the Chief Scientist shall— ‘‘(i) assign an individual to serve in the Of-fice of the Chief Scientist as a Honeybee and Pollinator Research Coordinator, who— ‘‘(I) may be— ‘‘(aa) an employee of the Department of Agriculture at the time of appointment; and ‘‘(bb) a detailee from the research, econom-ics, and education mission area; and ‘‘(II) shall be responsible for leading the ef-forts of the Chief Scientist in carrying out subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) implement the pollinator health re-search efforts described in the 2015 report of the Pollinator Health Task Force entitled ‘Pollinator Research Action Plan’; ‘‘(iii) establish annual strategic priorities and goals for the Department of Agriculture for native and managed pollinator research; ‘‘(iv) communicate those priorities and goals to each agency in the Department of Agriculture, the managed pollinator indus-try, and relevant grant recipients under pro-grams administered by the Secretary; and ‘‘(v) coordinate and identify all research needed and conducted by the Department of Agriculture and relevant grant recipients under programs administered by the Sec-retary on native and managed pollinator health to ensure consistency and reduce un-intended duplication of effort. ‘‘(C) P
OLLINATOR RESEARCH .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In coordinating research under subparagraph (A), the Chief Scientist shall ensure that research is conducted— ‘‘(I) to evaluate the impact of horticultural and agricultural pest management practices on native and managed pollinator colonies in diverse agro-ecosystems; ‘‘(II) to document pesticide residues— ‘‘(aa) that are found in native and managed pollinator colonies; and ‘‘(bb) that are associated with typical com-mercial crop pest management practices; ‘‘(III) with respect to native and managed pollinator colonies visiting crops for crop pollination or honey production purposes, to document— ‘‘(aa) the strength and health of those colo-nies; ‘‘(bb) survival, growth, reproduction, and production of those colonies; ‘‘(cc) pests, pathogens, and viruses that af-fect those colonies; ‘‘(dd) environmental conditions of those colonies; and ‘‘(ee) any other relevant information, as determined by the Chief Scientist; ‘‘(IV) to document best management prac-tices and other practices in place for man-aged pollinators and crop managers with re-spect to healthy populations of managed pol-linators; ‘‘(V) to evaluate the effectiveness of— ‘‘(aa) conservation practices that target the specific needs of native and managed pol-linator habitats; and ‘‘(bb) incentives that allow for the expan-sion of native and managed pollinator forage acreage; ‘‘(VI) in the case of commercially managed pollinator colonies, to continue gathering data on— ‘‘(aa) annual colony losses; ‘‘(bb) rising input costs associated with managing colonies; and ‘‘(cc) the overall economic value of com-mercially managed pollinators to the food economy; and ‘‘(VII) relating to any other aspect of na-tive and managed pollinators, as determined by the Chief Scientist, in consultation with scientific experts. ‘‘(ii) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Chief Sci-entist shall— ‘‘(I) make publicly available the results of the research described in clause (i); and ‘‘(II) in the case of the research described in clause (i)(VI), immediately publish any data or reports that were previously pro-duced by the Department of Agriculture but not made publicly available.’’; and (5) in paragraph (7) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND NATIVE AND MANAGED POLLINATORS ’’ after ‘‘
DISORDER ’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘regarding how’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘regarding— ‘‘(i) how’’; (ii) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) the establishment of a sufficiently funded large-scale multiyear field research project to evaluate the impact of horti-cultural and agricultural pest management practices on native and managed pollinator colonies in diverse agro-ecosystems; and ‘‘(iii) the development of crop-specific best management practices that balance the needs of crop managers with the health of native and managed pollinator colonies.’’. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 1672(h) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7210. ORGANIC AGRICULTURE RESEARCH AND EXTENSION INITIATIVE. 
Section 1672B of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(7), by striking ‘‘con-servation’’ and inserting ‘‘conservation, soil health,’’; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) $40,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020; ‘‘(E) $45,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; and ‘‘(F) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2022 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘FOR FISCAL YEARS 2014 THROUGH 2018 ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7211. FARM BUSINESS MANAGEMENT. 
Section 1672D(d)(2) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925f(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7212. URBAN, INDOOR, AND OTHER EMERG-ING AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND EX-TENSION INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 is amended by inserting after section 1672D (7 U.S.C. 5925f) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1672E. URBAN, INDOOR, AND OTHER EMERGING AGRICULTURAL PRO-DUCTION RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND EXTENSION INITIATIVE. 
‘‘(a) C OMPETITIVE RESEARCH AND EXTENSION  G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—In consultation with the Urban Agriculture and Innovative Pro-duction Advisory Committee established under section 222(b) of the Department of Ag-riculture Reorganization Act of 1994, the Secretary may make competitive grants to support research, education, and extension activities for the purposes of enhancing urban, indoor, and other emerging agricul-tural production by— ‘‘(1) facilitating the development of urban, indoor, and other emerging agricultural pro-duction, harvesting, transportation, aggrega-tion, packaging, distribution, and markets; ‘‘(2) assessing and developing strategies to remediate contaminated sites; ‘‘(3) determining and developing the best production management and integrated pest management practices; ‘‘(4) assessing the impacts of shipping and transportation on nutritional value; ‘‘(5) identifying and promoting the horti-cultural, social, and economic factors that contribute to successful urban, indoor, and other emerging agricultural production; ‘‘(6) analyzing the means by which new ag-ricultural sites are determined, including an evaluation of soil quality, condition of a building, or local community needs; ‘‘(7) exploring new and innovative tech-nologies that minimize energy, lighting sys-tems, water, and other inputs for increased food production; ‘‘(8) examining building material effi-ciencies and structural upgrades for the pur-pose of optimizing growth of agricultural products; ‘‘(9) studying and developing new crop vari-eties and innovative agricultural products to connect to new markets; or ‘‘(10) examining the impacts of crop expo-sure to urban elements on environmental quality and food safety. ‘‘(b) G
RANT TYPES AND PROCESS .—Subpara- graphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (4), para-graph (7), and paragraph (11)(B) of subsection (b) of the Competitive, Special, and Facili-ties Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157) shall apply with respect to the making of grants under this section. ‘‘(c) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary may give priority to grant proposals that involve— ‘‘(1) the cooperation of multiple entities; or ‘‘(2) States or regions with a high con-centration of or significant interest in urban farms, rooftop farms, and indoor production facilities. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use to carry out this section $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts made available under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4588 June 27, 2018 
paragraph (1), there is authorized to be ap-propriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (b) D
ATA COLLECTION ON URBAN , INDOOR , 
ANDEMERGING AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct as a follow-on study to the census of agriculture conducted in the calendar year 2017 under section 2 of the Cen-sus of Agriculture Act of 1997 (7 U.S.C. 2204g) a census of urban, indoor, and other emerg-ing agricultural production, including infor-mation about— (A) community gardens and farms located in urban areas, suburbs, and urban clusters; (B) rooftop farms, outdoor vertical produc-tion, and green walls; (C) indoor farms, greenhouses, and high- tech vertical technology farms; (D) hydroponic, aeroponic, and aquaponic farm facilities; and (E) other innovations in agricultural pro-duction, as determined by the Secretary. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $14,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2021. 
SEC. 7213. CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE AT 1890 IN-STITUTIONS. 
Section 1673 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5926) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) C
ENTERS OF EXCELLENCE AT 1890SIN-
STITUTIONS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish not less than 3 centers of excel-lence, each led by an 1890 Institution (as de-fined in section 2 of the Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601)), to focus on 1 or more of the areas described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) A
REAS OF FOCUS .— ‘‘(A) S
TUDENT SUCCESS AND WORKFORCE DE -
VELOPMENT .—A center of excellence estab-lished under paragraph (1) may engage in ac-tivities to ensure that students have the skills and education needed to work in agri-culture and food industries, agriculture science, technology, engineering, mathe-matics, and related fields of study. ‘‘(B) N
UTRITION , HEALTH , WELLNESS , AND 
QUALITY OF LIFE .—A center of excellence es-tablished under paragraph (1) may carry out research, education, and extension programs that increase access to healthy food, improve nutrition, mitigate preventive disease, and develop strategies to assist limited resource individuals in accessing health and nutrition resources. ‘‘(C) F
ARMING SYSTEMS , RURAL PROSPERITY , 
AND ECONOMIC SUSTAINABILITY .—A center of excellence established under paragraph (1) may share best practices with farmers to im-prove agricultural production, processing, and marketing, reduce urban food deserts, examine new uses for traditional and non-traditional crops, animals, and natural re-sources, and continue activities carried out by the Center of Innovative and Sustainable Small Farms, Ranches, and Forest Lands. ‘‘(D) G
LOBAL FOOD SECURITY AND DEFENSE .— A center of excellence established under paragraph (1) may engage in international partnerships that strengthen agricultural de-velopment in developing countries, partner with international researchers regarding new and emerging animal and plant pests and dis-eases, engage in agricultural disaster recov-ery, and continue activities carried out by the Center for International Engagement. ‘‘(E) N
ATURAL RESOURCES , ENERGY , AND EN -
VIRONMENT .—A center of excellence estab-lished under paragraph (1) may focus on pro-tecting and managing domestic natural re-sources for current and future production of food and agricultural products. ‘‘(F) EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES .—A center of excellence established under paragraph (1) may focus on the development of emerging technologies to increase agricultural produc-tivity, enhance small farm economic viabil-ity, and improve rural communities by de-veloping genetic and sensor technologies for food and agriculture and providing tech-nology training to farmers. ‘‘(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, and every year there-after, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report describing— ‘‘(A) the resources invested in the centers of excellence established under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) the work being done by those centers of excellence. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7214. ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM FOR FARMERS WITH DISABILITIES. 
Section 1680(c)(1)(B) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5933(c)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7215. NATIONAL RURAL INFORMATION CEN-TER CLEARINGHOUSE. 
Section 2381(e) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 3125b(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle C—Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 
SEC. 7301. NATIONAL FOOD SAFETY TRAINING, EDUCATION, EXTENSION, OUT-REACH, AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 405(j) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7625(j)) is amended by striking ‘‘there are authorized’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7302. INTEGRATED RESEARCH, EDUCATION, AND EXTENSION COMPETITIVE GRANTS PROGRAM. 
Section 406(e) of the Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7626(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7303. SUPPORT FOR RESEARCH REGARDING DISEASES OF WHEAT, TRITICALE, AND BARLEY CAUSED BY FUSARIUM GRAMINEARUM OR BY TILLETIA INDICA. 
Section 408(e) of the Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7628(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 7304. GRANTS FOR YOUTH ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 410(d)(2) of the Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7630(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7305. SPECIALTY CROP RESEARCH INITIA-TIVE. 
(a) I NDUSTRY NEEDS .—Section 412(b) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Edu-cation Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) as subparagraphs (C) through (F); and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) size-controlling rootstock systems for perennial crops;’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘including threats to specialty crop pollinators;’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘such as— ‘‘(A) threats to specialty crop pollinators; ‘‘(B) emerging and invasive species; and ‘‘(C) a more effective understanding and utilization of existing natural enemy com-plexes;’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘efforts to improve’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘efforts— ‘‘(A) to improve’’; (B) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) to achieve a better understanding of— ‘‘(i) the soil rhizosphere microbiome; ‘‘(ii) pesticide application systems and cer-tified drift-reduction technologies; and ‘‘(iii) systems to improve and extend the storage life of specialty crops;’’; and (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘including improved mechanization and technologies that delay or inhibit ripening; and’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘such as— ‘‘(A) mechanization and automation of labor-intensive tasks in production and proc-essing; ‘‘(B) technologies that delay or inhibit rip-ening; ‘‘(C) decision support systems driven by phenology and environmental factors; ‘‘(D) improved monitoring systems for ag-ricultural pests; and ‘‘(E) effective systems for preharvest and postharvest management of quarantine pests; and’’. (b) FUNDING .—Section 412(k) of the Agricul-tural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632(k)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
FOR FISCAL YEARS 2014 THROUGH 2018 ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘In addition’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition’’; and (C) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as sub-paragraph (B) of paragraph (2) and indenting appropriately; and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively. 
SEC. 7306. FOOD ANIMAL RESIDUE AVOIDANCE DATABASE PROGRAM. 
Section 604(e) of the Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7642(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7307. OFFICE OF PEST MANAGEMENT POL-ICY. 
Section 614(f)(2) of the Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7653(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7308. FORESTRY PRODUCTS ADVANCED UTI-LIZATION RESEARCH. 
Section 617(f)(1) of the Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7655b(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle D—Other Laws 
SEC. 7401. CRITICAL AGRICULTURAL MATERIALS ACT. 
(a) H EMPRESEARCH .—Section 5(b)(9) of the Critical Agricultural Materials Act (7 U.S.C. 178c(b)(9)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and in-cluding hemp (as defined in section 297A of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4589 June 27, 2018 
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946)’’ after ‘‘hydrocarbon-containing plants’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 16(a)(2) of the Critical Agricultural Materials Act (7 U.S.C. 178n(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7402. EQUITY IN EDUCATIONAL LAND- GRANT STATUS ACT OF 1994. 
(a) D EFINITION OF 1994 I NSTITUTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 532 of the Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (11); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (12) through (23) and (25) through (35) as para-graphs (11) through (22) and (26) through (36), respectively; (C) in paragraph (20) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘College’’ and inserting ‘‘Univer-sity’’; (D) by inserting after paragraph (22) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(23) Nueta Hidatsa Sahnish College.’’; and (E) by inserting after paragraph (24) the following: ‘‘(25) Red Lake Nation College.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) take effect on October 1, 2018. (b) E
NDOWMENT FOR 1994 I NSTITUTIONS .— Section 533(b) of the Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2023’’. (c) I
NSTITUTIONAL CAPACITY BUILDING  G
RANTS .—Section 535 of the Equity in Edu-cational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it ap-pears in subsections (b)(1) and (c) and insert-ing ‘‘2023’’. (d) R
ESEARCH GRANTS .—Section 536(c) of the Equity in Educational Land-Grant Sta-tus Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7403. RESEARCH FACILITIES ACT. 
Section 6(a) of the Research Facilities Act (7 U.S.C. 390d(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7404. AGRICULTURAL AND FOOD RESEARCH INITIATIVE. 
Subsection (b) of the Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(viii) soil health.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) automation or mechanization in the production and distribution of specialty crops, with a focus on labor-intensive tasks.’’; (2) in paragraph (6)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to an institution to carry out collabo-ration in biomedical and agricultural re-search using existing research models.’’; and (3) in paragraph (11)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 7405. EXTENSION DESIGN AND DEMONSTRA-TION INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157) is amended by inserting after sub-section (c) the following: ‘‘(d) E
XTENSION DESIGN AND DEMONSTRA -
TION INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this sub-section is to encourage the design of adapt-ive prototype systems for extension and edu-cation that seek to advance the application, translation, and demonstration of scientific discoveries and other agricultural research for the adoption and understanding of food, agricultural, and natural resources prac-tices, techniques, methods, and technologies using digital or other novel platforms. ‘‘(2) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall award grants on a competitive basis— ‘‘(A) for the design of 1 or more extension and education prototype systems— ‘‘(i) that leverage digital platforms or other novel means of translating, delivering, or demonstrating agricultural research; and ‘‘(ii) to adapt, apply, translate, or dem-onstrate scientific findings, data, tech-nology, and other research outcomes to pro-ducers, the agricultural industry, and other interested persons or organizations; and ‘‘(B) to demonstrate, by incorporating ana-lytics and specific metrics, the value, im-pact, and return on the Federal investment of a prototype system designed under sub-paragraph (A) as a model for use by other eli-gible entities described in paragraph (3) for improving, modernizing, and adapting ap-plied research, demonstration, and extension services. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An entity that is eligible to receive a grant under paragraph (2) is— ‘‘(A) a State agricultural experiment sta-tion; and ‘‘(B) a land-grant college or university (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)). ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall award grants under paragraph (2) to not fewer than 2 and not more than 5 eligible en-tities described in paragraph (3) that rep-resent a diversity of regions, commodities, and agricultural or food production issues. ‘‘(5) T
ERM.—The term of a grant awarded under paragraph (2) shall be not longer than 5 years. ‘‘(6) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Competitive, Special, and Fa-cilities Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘sub-section—’’ in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) and all that follows through ‘‘for the planning’’ in subparagraph (B) and in-serting ‘‘subsection for the planning’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘, (d),’’ after ‘‘subsections (b)’’. 
SEC. 7406. RENEWABLE RESOURCES EXTENSION ACT OF 1978. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 6 of the Renewable Resources Exten-sion Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 1675) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. (b) T
ERMINATION DATE.—Section 8 of the Renewable Resources Extension Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 1671 note; Public Law 95–306) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7407. NATIONAL AQUACULTURE ACT OF 1980. 
Section 10 of the National Aquaculture Act of 1980 (16 U.S.C. 2809) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 7408. REPEAL OF REVIEW OF AGRICUL-TURAL RESEARCH SERVICE. 
Section 7404 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 3101 note; Public Law 107–171) is repealed. 
SEC. 7409. BIOMASS RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT. 
Section 9008 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8108) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) carbon dioxide that— ‘‘(i) is intended for permanent sequestra-tion or utilization; and ‘‘(ii) is a byproduct of the production of the products described in subparagraphs (A) and (B).’’; (2) in subsection (d)(2)(A)— (A) in clause (xii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (xiii) as clause (xiv); and (C) by inserting after clause (xii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(xiii) an individual with expertise in car-bon dioxide capture, utilization, and seques-tration; and’’; (3) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) to permanently sequester or utilize carbon dioxide that is produced as a byprod-uct of the production of biobased products; and’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the development of technologies to permanently sequester or utilize carbon di-oxide that is produced as a byproduct of the production of biobased products.’’; and (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7410. REINSTATEMENT OF MATCHING RE-QUIREMENT FOR FEDERAL FUNDS USED IN EXTENSION WORK AT THE UNIVERSITY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(c) of the Dis-trict of Columbia Public Postsecondary Edu-cation Reorganization Act (88 Stat. 1428; sec. 38–1202.09(c), D.C. Official Code) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘Such sums may be used to pay not more than 
1⁄2of the total cost of providing such extension work.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 7411. ENHANCED USE LEASE AUTHORITY PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 308 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform and Department of Agriculture Reor-ganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 3125a note; Public Law 103–354) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(6)(A), by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4590 June 27, 2018 
(2) in subsection (d)(2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘6, 8, and 10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘13 years’’. 
SEC. 7412. TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JU-RISDICTION OVER PORTION OF HENRY A. WALLACE BELTSVILLE AG-RICULTURAL RESEARCH CENTER, BELTSVILLE, MARYLAND. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORIZED .—Subject to sub-section (e), the Secretary may transfer to the Secretary of the Treasury administrative jurisdiction over a parcel of real property at the Henry A. Wallace Beltsville Agricultural Research Center consisting of approximately 100 acres, which was originally acquired by the United States through land acquisitions in 1910 and 1925, and is generally located off of Poultry Road lying between Powder Mill Road and Odell Road in Beltsville, Maryland, for the purpose of facilitating the establish-ment of Bureau of Engraving and Printing facilities on the parcel. (b) L
EGAL DESCRIPTION AND MAP.— (1) P
REPARATION .—The Secretary shall pre-pare a legal description and map of the par-cel of real property to be transferred under subsection (a). (2) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The legal description and map prepared under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct errors in the legal description and map. (c) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The transfer of administrative jurisdiction under subsection (a) shall be subject to easements, valid exist-ing rights, and such other reservations, terms, and conditions as the Secretary con-siders to be necessary. (d) W
AIVER .—The parcel of real property under subsection (a) is exempt from Federal screening for other possible use due to an identified Federal need for the parcel as the site of Bureau of Engraving and Printing fa-cilities. (e) C
ONDITIONS FOR TRANSFER .—As a condi-tion of the transfer of administrative juris-diction under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall agree to pay the Sec-retary the costs incurred to carry out the transfer of administrative jurisdiction under subsection (a), including the costs for— (1) any environmental or administrative analysis required by law with respect to the parcel to be transferred under subsection (a); (2) a survey, if needed; and (3) any hazardous substances assessment of the parcel to be transferred under subsection (a). (f) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For the parcel to be trans-ferred under subsection (a), the Secretary shall meet the applicable disclosure require-ments relating to hazardous substances. (2) R
EMEDIATION .—The Secretary shall not be required to remediate or abate any haz-ardous substances disclosed under paragraph (1) or any other hazardous pollutants, con-taminants, or waste that may be present at or on the parcel on the date of the transfer of administrative jurisdiction under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 7413. FOUNDATION FOR FOOD AND AGRI-CULTURE RESEARCH. 
Section 7601 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 5939) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(1)(D), by inserting ‘‘and agriculture stakeholders’’ after ‘‘com-munity’’; (2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (2)(C)(ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘agriculture or’’ before ‘‘agricultural re-search’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(A)— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (v); and (iii) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) actively solicit and accept funds, gifts, grants, devises, or bequests of real or personal property made to the Foundation, including from private entities; and’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A)(iii), by striking ‘‘any’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(B)— (i) in clause (i)(I)— (I) in the matter preceding item (aa), by in-serting ‘‘and post online’’ before ‘‘a report’’; (II) in item (aa), by striking ‘‘accomplish-ments; and’’ and inserting ‘‘accomplishments and how those activities align to the chal-lenges identified in the strategic plan under clause (iv);’’; (III) in item (bb), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(cc) a description of available agricul-tural research programs and priorities for the upcoming fiscal year.’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) STAKEHOLDER NOTICE .—The Founda-tion shall publish an annual notice with a description of agricultural research prior-ities under this section for the upcoming fis-cal year, including— ‘‘(I) a schedule for funding competitions; ‘‘(II) a discussion of how applications for funding will be evaluated; and ‘‘(III) how the Foundation will commu-nicate information about funded awards to the public to ensure that grantees and part-ners understand the objectives of the Foun-dation. ‘‘(iv) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Foun-dation shall submit to the Committee on Ag-riculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a strategic plan describing a path for the Foundation to become self-sustaining, including— ‘‘(I) a forecast of major agricultural chal-lenge opportunities identified by the sci-entific advisory councils of the Foundation and approved by the Board, including short- and long-term objectives; ‘‘(II) an overview of the efforts that the Foundation will take to be transparent in each of the processes of the Foundation, in-cluding— ‘‘(aa) processes relating to grant awards, including the selection, review, and notifica-tion processes; ‘‘(bb) communication of past, current, and future research priorities; and ‘‘(cc) plans to solicit and respond to public input on the opportunities identified in the strategic plan; ‘‘(III) a description of financial goals and benchmarks for the next 10 years, including a detailed plan for raising funds in amounts greater than the amounts required under this section; and ‘‘(IV) other related issues, as determined by the Board.’’; and (4) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘M
ANDATORY FUNDING ’’ and inserting ‘‘F UND-
ING’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘On the date’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) E
STABLISHMENT FUNDING .—On the date’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
NHANCED FUNDING .—On the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall transfer to the Foundation to carry out this section $200,000,000, to remain available until expended.’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Foundation’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Foundation’’; (ii) in clause (i) (as so designated)— (I) by striking ‘‘purposes’’ and inserting ‘‘purposes, duties, and powers’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘non-Federal matching funds for each expenditure’’ and inserting ‘‘matching funds from a non-Federal source, including a generic agricultural commodity promotion, research, and information pro-gram’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section re-quires the Foundation to require a matching contribution from an individual grantee as a condition of receiving a grant under this sec-tion.’’. 
SEC. 7414. ASSISTANCE FOR FORESTRY RE-SEARCH UNDER THE MCINTIRE- STENNIS COOPERATIVE FORESTRY ACT. 
Section 2 of Public Law 87-788 (commonly known as the ‘‘McIntire-Stennis Cooperative Forestry Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 582a-1) is amended in the second sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘1890 Institu-tions’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and 1994 Institutions (as defined in section 532 of the Equity in Edu-cational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103-382)) that offer an associate’s degree or a baccalaureate degree in forestry,’’ before ‘‘and (b)’’. 
SEC. 7415. LEGITIMACY OF INDUSTRIAL HEMP RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7606 of the Agri-cultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 5940) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsections (a) and (b) as subsections (b) and (a), respectively, and moving the subsections so as to appear in al-phabetical order; (2) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated), in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
NGEN-
ERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NDUSTRIAL HEMP RE-
SEARCH ’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
TUDY AND REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study of agricultural pilot programs— ‘‘(A) to determine the economic viability of the domestic production and sale of indus-trial hemp; and ‘‘(B) that shall include a review of— ‘‘(i) each agricultural pilot program; and ‘‘(ii) any other agricultural or academic re-search relating to industrial hemp. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1).’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—Effective on the date that is 1 year after the date on which the Secretary establishes a plan under section 297C of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, section 7606 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 5940) is repealed. 
SEC. 7416. COLLECTION OF DATA RELATING TO BARLEY AREA PLANTED AND HAR-VESTED. 
For all acreage reports published after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Na-tional Agricultural Statistics Service, shall include the State of New York in the States surveyed to produce the table entitled ‘‘Bar-ley Area Planted and Harvested’’ in those re-ports. 
SEC. 7417. COLLECTION OF DATA RELATING TO THE SIZE AND LOCATION OF DAIRY FARMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Economic Research Service, shall up-date the report entitled ‘‘Changes in the Size 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4591 June 27, 2018 
and Location of US Dairy Farms’’ contained in the report of the Economic Research Serv-ice entitled ‘‘Profits, Costs, and the Chang-ing Structure of Dairy Farming’’ and pub-lished in September 2007. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—In updating the report described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall include an expanded Table 2 of that re-port containing the full range of herd sizes that are detailed in Table 1 of that report. 
SEC. 7418. AGRICULTURE INNOVATION CENTER DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
Section 6402 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1632b) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-section (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; (2) by striking subsection (g); (3) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (4) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘is authorized’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘are au-thorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this section’’. 
SEC. 7419. SMITH-LEVER COMMUNITY EXTENSION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3(d) of the Smith- Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 343(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATION , TECHNICAL , AND EX-
TENSION SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in paragraph (1) (as designated by para-graph (1)), by striking the second sentence; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE FUNDING .—The Secretary of Agriculture may provide funding, on a competitive basis, to— ‘‘(A) a college or university eligible to re-ceive funds under the Act of August 30, 1890 (7 U.S.C. 321–326a and 328), including Tuskegee University; or ‘‘(B) a 1994 Institution (as defined in sec-tion 532 of the Equity in Educational Land- Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382)) for— ‘‘(i) the Children, Youth, and Families at Risk funding program under subsection (b)(3); and ‘‘(ii) the Federally Recognized Tribes Ex-tension Program.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 3(f) of the Smith Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 343(f)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘There shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There shall’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION NOT APPLICABLE .—Para- graph (1) shall not apply to a 1994 Institution receiving funding under subsection (d)(2)(B) for the Children, Youth, and Families at Risk funding program under subsection (b)(3) or for the Federally Recognized Tribes Ex-tension Program.’’. (2) Section 533(a)(2)(A) of the Equity in Educational Land-Grant Status Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 301 note; Public Law 103–382) is amended by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) the Smith-Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), except as provided under— ‘‘(I) section 3(b)(3) of that Act (7 U.S.C. 343(b)(3)); or ‘‘(II) paragraph (2) of section 3(d) of that Act (7 U.S.C. 343(d)); or’’. Subtitle E—Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 PART I—AGRICULTURAL SECURITY 
SEC. 7501. AGRICULTURAL BIOSECURITY COMMU-NICATION CENTER. 
Section 14112(c)(2) of the Food, Conserva-tion, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8912(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 7502. ASSISTANCE TO BUILD LOCAL CAPAC-ITY IN AGRICULTURAL BIOSECURITY PLANNING, PREPARATION, AND RE-SPONSE. 
Section 14113 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8913) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7503. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF AG-RICULTURAL COUNTERMEASURES. 
Section 14121(b)(2) of the Food, Conserva-tion, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8921(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7504. AGRICULTURAL BIOSECURITY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 14122(e)(2) of the Food, Conserva-tion, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8922(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. PART II—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 7511. FARM AND RANCH STRESS ASSIST-ANCE NETWORK. 
Section 7522 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 5936) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘to sup-port cooperative programs between State co-operative extension services and nonprofit organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘to eligible en-tities described in subsection (c)’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (5); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and indenting the subpara-graphs appropriately; (C) by striking subparagraph (B) (as so re-designated) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) training, including training programs and workshops, for— ‘‘(i) advocates for individuals who are en-gaged in farming, ranching, and other occu-pations relating to agriculture; and ‘‘(ii) other individuals and entities that may assist individuals who— ‘‘(I) are engaged in farming, ranching, and other occupations relating to agriculture; and ‘‘(II) are in crisis;’’; (D) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-nated), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (E) in subparagraph (D) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘activities; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘activities, including the dissemina-tion of information and materials; or’’; (F) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘be used to initiate’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘be used— ‘‘(1) to initiate’’; and (G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) to enter into contracts, on a multiyear basis, with community-based, direct-service organizations to initiate, expand, or sustain programs described in paragraph (1) and sub-section (a).’’; and (3) by striking subsections (c) and (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The Secretary may award a grant under this section to— ‘‘(1) a State department of agriculture; ‘‘(2) a State cooperative extension service; ‘‘(3) a qualified nonprofit organization, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(4) an entity providing appropriate serv-ices, as determined by the Secretary, in 1 or more States; or ‘‘(5) a partnership carried out by 2 or more entities described in paragraphs (1) through (4). ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(e) REPORT TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to Congress and any other rel-evant Federal department or agency, and make publicly available, a report describing the state of behavioral and mental health of individuals who are engaged in farming, ranching, and other occupations relating to agriculture. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under para-graph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) an inventory and assessment of ef-forts to support the behavioral and mental health of individuals who are engaged in farming, ranching, and other occupations re-lating to agriculture by— ‘‘(i) the Federal Government, States, and units of local government; ‘‘(ii) communities comprised of those indi-viduals; ‘‘(iii) healthcare providers; ‘‘(iv) State cooperative extension services; and ‘‘(v) other appropriate entities, as deter-mined by the Secretary; ‘‘(B) a description of the challenges faced by individuals who are engaged in farming, ranching, and other occupations relating to agriculture that may impact the behavioral and mental health of farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(C) a description of how the Department of Agriculture can improve coordination and cooperation with Federal health depart-ments and agencies, including the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, the Health Resources and Services Administration, the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, and the Na-tional Institutes of Health, to best address the behavioral and mental health of individ-uals who are engaged in farming, ranching, and other occupations relating to agri-culture; ‘‘(D) a long-term strategy for responding to the challenges described under subparagraph (B) and recommendations based on best prac-tices for further action to be carried out by appropriate Federal departments or agencies to improve Federal Government response and seek to prevent suicide among individ-uals who are engaged in farming, ranching, and other occupations relating to agri-culture; and ‘‘(E) an evaluation of the impact of suicide among individuals who are engaged in farm-ing, ranching, and other occupations relating to agriculture on— ‘‘(i) the agricultural workforce; ‘‘(ii) agricultural production; ‘‘(iii) rural families and communities; and ‘‘(iv) succession planning.’’. 
SEC. 7512. NATURAL PRODUCTS RESEARCH PRO-GRAM. 
Section 7525(e) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 5937(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7513. SUN GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 7526(g) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8114(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 7514. MECHANIZATION AND AUTOMATION FOR SPECIALTY CROPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture that affect the production or processing of spe-cialty crops. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The review under sub-section (a) shall identify— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4592 June 27, 2018 
(1) programs that currently are, or pre-viously have been, effectively used to accel-erate the development and use of automation or mechanization in the production or proc-essing of specialty crops; and (2) programs that may be more effectively used to accelerate the development and use of automation or mechanization in the pro-duction or processing of specialty crops. (c) S
TRATEGY .—With respect to programs identified under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall develop and implement a strat-egy to accelerate the development and use of automation and mechanization in the pro-duction or processing of specialty crops. Subtitle F—Matching Funds Requirement 
SEC. 7601. MATCHING FUNDS REQUIREMENT. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subtitle P of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3371) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) N
ATIONAL AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH , EX-
TENSION , AND TEACHING POLICY ACT OF 1977 .— (A) N
ATIONAL AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH , EX-
TENSION , EDUCATION , AND ECONOMICS ADVISORY  
BOARD .—Section 1408(c)(1) of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3123(c)(1)) is amended by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) the annual establishment of national priorities, as determined by the Board;’’. (B) G
RANTS TO ENHANCE RESEARCH CAPACITY  
IN SCHOOLS OF VETERINARY MEDICINE .—Sec- tion 1415(a) of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3151(a)) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—A State re-ceiving a grant under paragraph (1) shall pro-vide State matching funds equal to not less than the amount of the grant.’’. (C) A
QUACULTURE ASSISTANCE GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 1475(b) of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3322(b)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), the Secretary may make competitive grants to entities eligible for grants under para-graph (2) for research and extension to facili-tate or expand promising advances in the production and marketing of aquacultural food species and products and to enhance the safety and wholesomeness of those species and products, including the development of reliable supplies of seed stock and thera-peutic compounds. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—The Secretary may make a competitive grant under para-graph (1) to— ‘‘(A) a land-grant or seagrant college or university; ‘‘(B) a State agricultural experiment sta-tion; ‘‘(C) a college, university, or Federal lab-oratory having a demonstrable capacity to conduct aquacultural research, as deter-mined by the Secretary; or ‘‘(D) a nonprofit private research institu-tion. ‘‘(3) M
ATCHING STATE GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall not make a grant under paragraph (1) unless the State in which the grant recipient is located makes a grant to that recipient in an amount equal to not less than the amount of the grant under paragraph (1) (of which State amount an in-kind contribution shall not exceed 50 percent). ‘‘(B) FEDERAL LABORATORIES .—Subpara- graph (A) shall not apply to a grant to a Fed-eral laboratory.’’. (2) F
OOD, AGRICULTURE , CONSERVATION , AND 
TRADE ACT OF 1990 .— (A) F
EDERAL -STATE MATCHING GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 1623(d)(2) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5813(d)(2)) is amended by striking the second sentence. (B) A
GRICULTURAL GENOME INITIATIVE .— Section 1671 of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5924) (as amended by section 7208) is amend-ed— (i) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (ii) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) M
ATCHING FUNDS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), with respect to a grant or cooperative agree-ment under this section that provides a par-ticular benefit to a specific agricultural commodity, the recipient of funds under the grant or cooperative agreement shall provide non-Federal matching funds (including funds from a generic agricultural commodity pro-motion, research, and information program) equal to not less than the amount provided under the grant or cooperative agreement. ‘‘(2) I
N-KIND SUPPORT .—Non-Federal match-ing funds described in paragraph (1) may in-clude in-kind support. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the matching funds requirement under para-graph (1) with respect to a research project if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) the results of the project are of a par-ticular benefit to a specific agricultural commodity, but those results are likely to be applicable to agricultural commodities gen-erally; or ‘‘(B)(i) the project— ‘‘(I) involves a minor commodity; and ‘‘(II) deals with scientifically important re-search; and ‘‘(ii) the recipient is unable to satisfy the matching funds requirement.’’. (C) H
IGH-PRIORITY RESEARCH AND EXTENSION  
INITIATIVES .—Section 1672(a) of the Food, Ag-riculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(a)) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Agri-culture’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture’’; (ii) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall’’; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) M
ATCHING FUNDS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (C), an entity receiving a grant under para-graph (1) shall provide non-Federal matching funds (including funds from a generic agri-cultural commodity promotion, research, and information program) equal to not less than the amount of the grant. ‘‘(B) I
N-KIND SUPPORT .—Non-Federal matching funds described in subparagraph (A) may include in-kind support. ‘‘(C) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the matching funds requirement under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to a research project if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) the results of the project are of a par-ticular benefit to a specific agricultural commodity, but those results are likely to be applicable to agricultural commodities gen-erally; or ‘‘(ii)(I) the project— ‘‘(aa) involves a minor commodity; and ‘‘(bb) deals with scientifically important research; and ‘‘(II) the recipient is unable to satisfy the matching funds requirement.’’. (D) ORGANIC AGRICULTURE RESEARCH AND  
EXTENSION INITIATIVE .—Section 1672B of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925b) (as amended by section 7210) is amended— (i) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; and (ii) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), an entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall provide non-Federal matching funds (including funds from a generic agricultural commodity promotion, research, and infor-mation program) equal to not less than the amount of the grant. ‘‘(2) I
N-KIND SUPPORT .—Non-Federal match-ing funds described in paragraph (1) may in-clude in-kind support. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the matching funds requirement under para-graph (1) with respect to a research project if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) the results of the project are of a par-ticular benefit to a specific agricultural commodity, but those results are likely to be applicable to agricultural commodities gen-erally; or ‘‘(B)(i) the project— ‘‘(I) involves a minor commodity; and ‘‘(II) deals with scientifically important re-search; and ‘‘(ii) the recipient is unable to satisfy the matching funds requirement.’’. (3) A
GRICULTURAL RESEARCH , EXTENSION , 
AND EDUCATION REFORM ACT OF 1998 .— (A) I
NTEGRATED RESEARCH , EDUCATION , AND 
EXTENSION COMPETITIVE GRANTS PROGRAM .— Section 406 of the Agricultural Research, Ex-tension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7626) is amended— (i) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) M
ATCHING FUNDS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), with respect to a grant under this section that provides a particular benefit to a spe-cific agricultural commodity, the recipient of the grant shall provide non-Federal matching funds (including funds from a ge-neric agricultural commodity promotion, re-search, and information program) equal to not less than the amount of the grant. ‘‘(2) I
N-KIND SUPPORT .—Non-Federal match-ing funds described in paragraph (1) may in-clude in-kind support. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the matching funds requirement under para-graph (1) with respect to a research project if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) the results of the project are of a par-ticular benefit to a specific agricultural commodity, but those results are likely to be applicable to agricultural commodities gen-erally; or ‘‘(B)(i) the project— ‘‘(I) involves a minor commodity; and ‘‘(II) deals with scientifically important re-search; and ‘‘(ii) the recipient is unable to satisfy the matching funds requirement.’’. (B) S
PECIALTY CROP RESEARCH INITIATIVE .— Section 412(g) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632(g)) is amended— (i) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An entity receiving a grant under this section shall provide non- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4593 June 27, 2018 
Federal matching funds (including funds from a generic agricultural commodity pro-motion, research, and information program) equal to not less than the amount of the grant. ‘‘(B) I
N-KIND SUPPORT .—Non-Federal matching funds described in subparagraph (A) may include in-kind support.’’. (4) O
THER LAWS .— (A) S
UN GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 7526(c)(1)(C)(iv) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8114(c)(1)(C)(iv)) is amended by striking sub-clause (IV). (B) A
GRICULTURE AND FOOD RESEARCH INI -
TIATIVE .—Subsection (b)(9) of the Competi-tive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157(b)(9)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking clause (iii); (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii),’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (ii),’’; and (II) by striking clause (iii); and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) A
PPLIED RESEARCH .—An entity receiv-ing a grant under paragraph (5)(B) for ap-plied research that is commodity-specific and not of national scope shall provide non- Federal matching funds equal to not less than the amount of the grant.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .— (1) G
RANTS AWARDED AFTER OCTOBER 1 , 
2018.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to grants described in subsection (b) that are awarded after October 1, 2018. (2) G
RANTS AWARDED ON OR BEFORE OCTOBER  
1, 2018.—Notwithstanding the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b), a matching funds requirement in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act under a provision of law amended by subsection (a) or (b) shall continue to apply to a grant de-scribed in subsection (b) that is awarded on or before October 1, 2018. TITLE VIII—FORESTRY Subtitle A—Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 
SEC. 8101. STATE AND PRIVATE FOREST LAND-SCAPE-SCALE RESTORATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13A of the Coop-erative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2109a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 13A. STATE AND PRIVATE FOREST LAND-SCAPE-SCALE RESTORATION PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to encourage collaborative, science-based restoration of priority forest landscapes. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(2) N
ONINDUSTRIAL PRIVATE FOREST  
LAND .—The term ‘nonindustrial private for-est land’ means land that— ‘‘(A) is rural, as determined by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(B) has existing tree cover or is suitable for growing trees; and ‘‘(C) is owned by any private individual, group, association, corporation, Indian tribe, or other private legal entity. ‘‘(3) S
TATE FOREST LAND .—The term ‘State forest land’ means land that— ‘‘(A) is rural, as determined by the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(B) is under State or local governmental ownership and considered to be non-Federal forest land. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with State foresters or appro-priate State agencies, shall establish a com-petitive grant program to provide financial and technical assistance to encourage col-laborative, science-based restoration of pri-ority forest landscapes. ‘‘(d) ELIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an applicant shall submit to the Secretary, through the State forester or appropriate State agency, a State and private forest landscape-scale restora-tion proposal based on a restoration strategy that— ‘‘(1) is complete or substantially complete; ‘‘(2) is for a multiyear period; ‘‘(3) covers nonindustrial private forest land or State forest land; ‘‘(4) is accessible by wood-processing infra-structure; and ‘‘(5) is based on the best available science. ‘‘(e) P
LAN CRITERIA .—A State and private forest landscape-scale restoration proposal submitted under this section shall include plans— ‘‘(1) to reduce the risk of uncharacteristic wildfires; ‘‘(2) to improve fish and wildlife habitats, including the habitats of threatened and en-dangered species; ‘‘(3) to maintain or improve water quality and watershed function; ‘‘(4) to mitigate invasive species, insect in-festation, and disease; ‘‘(5) to improve important forest eco-systems; ‘‘(6) to measure ecological and economic benefits, including air quality and soil qual-ity and productivity; and ‘‘(7) to take other relevant actions, as de-termined by the Secretary. ‘‘(f) P
RIORITIES .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to plans that— ‘‘(1) further a statewide forest assessment and resource strategy; ‘‘(2) promote cross boundary landscape col-laboration; and ‘‘(3) leverage public and private resources. ‘‘(g) C
OLLABORATION AND CONSULTATION .— The Chief of the Forest Service, the Chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service, and relevant stakeholders shall collaborate and consult on an ongoing basis regarding— ‘‘(1) administration of the program estab-lished under this section; and ‘‘(2) identification of other applicable re-sources for landscape-scale restoration. ‘‘(h) M
ATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED .—As a con- dition of receiving a grant under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall require the recipi-ent of the grant to provide funds or in-kind support from non-Federal sources in an amount that is at least equal to the amount of Federal funds. ‘‘(i) C
OORDINATION AND PROXIMITY ENCOUR -
AGED .—In making grants under this section, the Secretary may consider coordination with and proximity to other landscape-scale projects on other land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, the Secretary of the Inte-rior, or a Governor of a State, including under— ‘‘(1) the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program established under sec-tion 4003 of the Omnibus Public Land Man-agement Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303); ‘‘(2) landscape areas designated for insect and disease treatments under section 602 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a); ‘‘(3) good neighbor authority under section 19; ‘‘(4) stewardship end result contracting projects authorized under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c); ‘‘(5) appropriate State-level programs; and ‘‘(6) other relevant programs, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(j) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall promulgate such regulations as the Sec-retary determines necessary to carry out this section. ‘‘(k) REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report on— ‘‘(1) the status of development, execution, and administration of selected projects; ‘‘(2) the accounting of program funding ex-penditures; and ‘‘(3) specific accomplishments that have re-sulted from landscape-scale projects. ‘‘(l) F
UND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Treasury a fund, to be known as the ‘State and Private Forest Landscape-Scale Restoration Fund’ (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘Fund’), to be used by the Sec-retary to make grants under this section. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Fund shall consist of such amounts as are appropriated to the Fund under paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Fund $20,000,000 for each fiscal year begin-ning with the first full fiscal year after the date of enactment of this subsection through fiscal year 2023, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 13B of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2109b) is re-pealed. (2) Section 19(a)(4)(C) of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2113(a)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tions 13A and 13B’’ and inserting ‘‘section 13A’’. Subtitle B—Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Research Act of 1978 
SEC. 8201. REPEAL OF RECYCLING RESEARCH. 
Section 9 of the Forest and Rangeland Re-newable Resources Research Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 1648) is repealed. 
SEC. 8202. REPEAL OF FORESTRY STUDENT GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 10 of the Forest and Rangeland Re-newable Resources Research Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 1649) is repealed. Subtitle C—Global Climate Change Prevention Act of 1990 
SEC. 8301. REPEALS. 
(a) B IOMASS ENERGY DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECTS .—Section 2410 of the Global Cli-mate Change Prevention Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6708) is repealed. (b) I
NTERAGENCY COOPERATION TO MAXIMIZE  B
IOMASS GROWTH .—Section 2411 of the Global Climate Change Prevention Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6709) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘to—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such forests and lands’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘to de-velop a program to manage forests and land on Department of Defense military installa-tions’’. Subtitle D—Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 
SEC. 8401. PROMOTING CROSS-BOUNDARY WILD-FIRE MITIGATION. 
Section 103 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6513) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
ROSS-BOUNDARY HAZARDOUS FUELRE-
DUCTION PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) H
AZARDOUS FUEL REDUCTION  
PROJECT .—The term ‘hazardous fuel reduc-tion project’ means a hazardous fuel reduc-tion project described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘non- Federal land’ includes— ‘‘(i) State land; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4594 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) county land; ‘‘(iii) Tribal land; ‘‘(iv) private land; and ‘‘(v) other non-Federal land. ‘‘(2) G
RANTS .—The Secretary may make grants to State foresters to support haz-ardous fuel reduction projects that incor-porate treatments in landscapes across own-ership boundaries on Federal and non-Fed-eral land, particularly in areas identified as priorities in applicable State-wide forest re-source assessments or strategies under sec-tion 2A(a) of the Cooperative Forestry As-sistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2101a(a)), as mutually agreed to by the State forester and the Regional Forester. ‘‘(3) L
AND TREATMENTS .—To conduct and fund treatments for hazardous fuel reduction projects carried out by State foresters using grants under paragraph (2), the Secretary may use the authorities of the Secretary re-lating to cooperation and technical and fi-nancial assistance, including the good neigh-bor authority under— ‘‘(A) section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a); and ‘‘(B) section 331 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2001 (16 U.S.C. 1011 note; Public Law 106–291). ‘‘(4) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out a haz-ardous fuel reduction project using a grant under paragraph (2) on non-Federal land, the State forester, in consultation with the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) shall consult with any applicable own-ers of the non-Federal land; and ‘‘(B) shall not implement the hazardous fuel reduction project on non-Federal land without the consent of the owner of the non- Federal land. ‘‘(5) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 8402. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR HAZARDOUS FUEL REDUCTION ON FEDERAL LAND. 
Section 108 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6518) is amended by striking ‘‘$760,000,000 for each fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘$660,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 8403. REPEAL OF BIOMASS COMMERCIAL UTILIZATION GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6531) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6501 note; Public Law 108–148) is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 203. 
SEC. 8404. WATER SOURCE PROTECTION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6541 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 303. WATER SOURCE PROTECTION PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
ND WATER USER .—The term ‘end water user’ means a non-Federal entity, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) a State; ‘‘(B) a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(C) an Indian tribe; ‘‘(D) a utility; ‘‘(E) a municipal water system; ‘‘(F) an irrigation district; ‘‘(G) a nonprofit organization; and ‘‘(H) a corporation. ‘‘(2) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term ‘forest management activity’ means a project carried out by the Secretary on Na-tional Forest System land. ‘‘(3) FOREST PLAN .—The term ‘forest plan’ means a land management plan prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). ‘‘(4) N
ON-FEDERAL PARTNER .—The term ‘non-Federal partner’ means an end water user with whom the Secretary has entered into a partnership agreement under sub-section (c)(1). ‘‘(5) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘Program’ means the Water Source Protection Program estab-lished under subsection (b). ‘‘(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. ‘‘(7) W
ATER SOURCE MANAGEMENT PLAN .— The term ‘water source management plan’ means the water source management plan developed under subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish and maintain a program, to be known as the ‘Water Source Protection Pro-gram’, to carry out watershed protection and restoration projects on National Forest Sys-tem land. ‘‘(c) W
ATER SOURCE INVESTMENT PARTNER -
SHIPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Pro-gram, the Secretary may enter into water source investment partnership agreements with end water users to protect and restore the condition of National Forest watersheds that provide water to the end water users. ‘‘(2) F
ORM.—A partnership agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1) may take the form of— ‘‘(A) a memorandum of understanding; ‘‘(B) a cost-share or collection agreement; ‘‘(C) a long-term funding matching com-mitment; or ‘‘(D) another appropriate instrument, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) W
ATER SOURCE MANAGEMENT PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Pro-gram, the Secretary, in cooperation with the non-Federal partners and applicable State, local, and Tribal governments, may develop a water source management plan that de-scribes the proposed implementation of wa-tershed protection and restoration projects under the Program. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—A water source man-agement plan shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applicable to the National Forest System land on which the watershed protection and restoration project is carried out. ‘‘(3) E
NVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS .—The Sec- retary may conduct a single environmental impact statement or similar analysis re-quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)— ‘‘(A) for each watershed protection and res-toration project included in the water source management plan; or ‘‘(B) as part of the development of, or after the finalization of, the water source manage-ment plan. ‘‘(e) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that forest management activities are necessary to pro-tect, maintain, or enhance water quality, and in accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary shall carry out forest management activities as part of watershed protection and restoration projects carried out on Na-tional Forest System land, with the primary purpose of— ‘‘(A) protecting a municipal water supply system; ‘‘(B) restoring forest health from insect in-festations and disease; or ‘‘(C) any combination of the purposes de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(2) COMPLIANCE .—The Secretary shall carry out forest management activities under paragraph (1) in accordance with— ‘‘(A) this Act; ‘‘(B) the applicable water source manage-ment plan; ‘‘(C) the applicable forest plan; and ‘‘(D) other applicable laws. ‘‘(f) E
NDANGERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973.—In carrying out the Program, the Secretary may use the Manual on Adaptive Manage-ment of the Department of the Interior, in-cluding any associated guidance, to comply with the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). ‘‘(g) F
UNDS AND SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Pro-gram, the Secretary may accept and use funding, services, and other forms of invest-ment and assistance from non-Federal part-ners to implement the water source manage-ment plan. ‘‘(2) M
ATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary shall require the contribution of funds or in-kind support from non-Federal partners to be in an amount that is at least equal to the amount of Federal funds. ‘‘(3) M
ANNER OF USE .—The Secretary may accept and use investments described in paragraph (1) directly or indirectly through the National Forest Foundation. ‘‘(4) W
ATER SOURCE PROTECTION FUND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Secretary may establish a Water Source Protection Fund to match funds or in-kind support contributed by non-Federal partners under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) U
SE OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(C) P
ARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary may make multiyear commitments, if necessary, to implement 1 or more partner-ship agreements under subsection (c).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6501 note; Public Law 108–148) is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 303 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 303. Water Source Protection Pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 8405. WATERSHED CONDITION FRAMEWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6541 et seq.) (as amended by section 8404(a)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 304. WATERSHED CONDITION FRAMEWORK. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture, acting through the Chief of the For-est Service (referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’), shall establish and maintain a Watershed Condition Framework for Na-tional Forest System land— ‘‘(1) to evaluate and classify the condition of watersheds, taking into consideration— ‘‘(A) water quality and quantity; ‘‘(B) aquatic habitat and biota; ‘‘(C) riparian and wetland vegetation; ‘‘(D) the presence of roads and trails; ‘‘(E) soil type and condition; ‘‘(F) groundwater-dependent ecosystems; ‘‘(G) relevant terrestrial indicators, such as fire regime, risk of catastrophic fire, for-est and rangeland vegetation, invasive spe-cies, and insects and disease; and ‘‘(H) other significant factors, as deter-mined by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) to identify for protection and restora-tion up to 5 priority watersheds in each Na-tional Forest, and up to 2 priority water-sheds in each national grassland, taking into consideration the impact of the condition of the watershed condition on— ‘‘(A) wildfire behavior; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4595 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(B) flood risk; ‘‘(C) fish and wildlife; ‘‘(D) drinking water supplies; ‘‘(E) irrigation water supplies; ‘‘(F) forest-dependent communities; and ‘‘(G) other significant impacts, as deter-mined by the Secretary; ‘‘(3) to develop a watershed protection and restoration action plan for each priority wa-tershed that— ‘‘(A) takes into account existing restora-tion activities being implemented in the wa-tershed; and ‘‘(B) includes, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) the major stressors responsible for the impaired condition of the watershed; ‘‘(ii) a set of essential projects that, once completed, will address the identified stressors and improve watershed conditions; ‘‘(iii) a proposed implementation schedule; ‘‘(iv) potential partners and funding sources; and ‘‘(v) a monitoring and evaluation program; ‘‘(4) to prioritize protection and restora-tion activities for each watershed restora-tion action plan; ‘‘(5) to implement each watershed protec-tion and restoration action plan; and ‘‘(6) to monitor the effectiveness of protec-tion and restoration actions and indicators of watershed health. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with interested non-Fed-eral landowners and State, Tribal, and local governments within the relevant watershed; and ‘‘(2) provide for an active and ongoing pub-lic engagement process. ‘‘(c) E
MERGENCY DESIGNATION .—Notwith- standing paragraph (2) of subsection (a), the Secretary may identify a watershed as a pri-ority for rehabilitation in the Watershed Condition Framework without using the process described in that subsection if a For-est Supervisor determines that— ‘‘(1) a wildfire has significantly diminished the condition of the watershed; and ‘‘(2) the emergency stabilization activities of the Burned Area Emergency Response Team are insufficient to return the water-shed to proper function.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6501 note; Public Law 108–148) (as amended by section 8404(b)) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 303 the following: ‘‘Sec. 304. Watershed Condition Frame-work.’’. 
SEC. 8406. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS TO COMBAT INSECT INFESTATIONS AND RELATED DISEASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 406 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6556) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 406. TERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS. 
‘‘The authority provided by this title ter-minates effective October 1, 2023.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6501 note; Public Law 108–148) is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 406 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 406. Termination of effectiveness.’’. 
SEC. 8407. HEALTHY FORESTS RESERVE PRO-GRAM REAUTHORIZATION. 
Section 508(b) of the Healthy Forests Res-toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6578(b)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2018.’’ and inserting ‘‘2023.’’. SEC. 8408. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR DESIGNATION OF TREATMENT AREAS. 
Section 602 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a) is amended by striking subsection (f). 
SEC. 8409. ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW OF COL-LABORATIVE RESTORATION PROJECTS. 
Section 603(c) of the Healthy Forests Res-toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
XTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Secretary shall apply the extraordinary cir-cumstances procedures under section 220.6 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations), when using the categor-ical exclusion under this section.’’. Subtitle E—Repeal or Reauthorization of Miscellaneous Forestry Programs 
SEC. 8501. REPEAL OF REVISION OF STRATEGIC PLAN FOR FOREST INVENTORY AND ANALYSIS. 
Section 8301 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 1642 note; Public Law 113–79) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 8502. SEMIARID AGROFORESTRY RESEARCH CENTER. 
Section 1243(d) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 1642 note; Public Law 101–624) is amended by striking ‘‘annually’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 8503. NATIONAL FOREST FOUNDATION ACT. 
(a) M ATCHING FUNDS .—Section 405(b) of the National Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–3(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 410(b) of the National Forest Foun-dation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–8(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 8504. CONVEYANCE OF FOREST SERVICE AD-MINISTRATIVE SITES. 
Section 503(f) of the Forest Service Facil-ity Realignment and Enhancement Act of 2005 (16 U.S.C. 580d note; Public Law 109–54) is amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. Subtitle F—Forest Management 
SEC. 8601. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘National Forest System’’ has the meaning given the term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). (2) P
UBLIC LAND .—The term ‘‘public land’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘public lands’’ in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702). PART I—EXPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 8611. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR GREATER SAGE-GROUSE AND MULE DEER HABITAT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 606. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR GREAT-ER SAGE-GROUSE AND MULE DEER HABITAT. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED VEGETATION MANAGEMENT AC -
TIVITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered vege-tation management activity’ means any ac-tivity described in subparagraph (B) that— ‘‘(i)(I) is carried out on National Forest System land administered by the Forest Service; or ‘‘(II) is carried out on public land adminis-tered by the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(ii) with respect to public land, meets the objectives of the order of the Secretary of the Interior numbered 3336 and dated Janu-ary 5, 2015; ‘‘(iii) conforms to an applicable forest plan or land use plan; ‘‘(iv) protects, restores, or improves great-er sage-grouse or mule deer habitat in a sagebrush steppe ecosystem as described in— ‘‘(I) Circular 1416 of the United States Geo-logical Survey entitled ‘Restoration Hand-book for Sagebrush Steppe Ecosystems with Emphasis on Greater Sage-Grouse Habitat— Part 1. Concepts for Understanding and Ap-plying Restoration’ (2015); or ‘‘(II) the habitat guidelines for mule deer published by the Mule Deer Working Group of the Western Association of Fish and Wild-life Agencies; ‘‘(v) will not permanently impair— ‘‘(I) the natural state of the treated area; ‘‘(II) outstanding opportunities for soli-tude; ‘‘(III) outstanding opportunities for primi-tive, unconfined recreation; ‘‘(IV) economic opportunities consistent with multiple-use management; or ‘‘(V) the identified values of a unit of the National Landscape Conservation System; ‘‘(vi)(I) restores native vegetation fol-lowing a natural disturbance; ‘‘(II) prevents the expansion into greater sage-grouse or mule deer habitat of— ‘‘(aa) juniper, pinyon pine, or other associ-ated conifers; or ‘‘(bb) nonnative or invasive vegetation; ‘‘(III) reduces the risk of loss of greater sage-grouse or mule deer habitat from wild-fire or any other natural disturbance; or ‘‘(IV) provides emergency stabilization of soil resources after a natural disturbance; and ‘‘(vii) provides for the conduct of restora-tion treatments that— ‘‘(I) maximize the retention of old-growth and large trees, as appropriate for the forest type; ‘‘(II) consider the best available scientific information to maintain or restore the eco-logical integrity, including maintaining or restoring structure, function, composition, and connectivity; ‘‘(III) are developed and implemented through a collaborative process that— ‘‘(aa) includes multiple interested persons representing diverse interests; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) is transparent and nonexclusive; or ‘‘(BB) meets the requirements for a re-source advisory committee under sub-sections (c) through (f) of section 205 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125); and ‘‘(IV) may include the implementation of a proposal that complies with the eligibility requirements of the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program under sec-tion 4003(b) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(b)). ‘‘(B) DESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES .—An activ- ity referred to in subparagraph (A) is— ‘‘(i) manual cutting and removal of juniper trees, pinyon pine trees, other associated conifers, or other nonnative or invasive vege-tation; ‘‘(ii) mechanical mastication, cutting, or mowing, mechanical piling and burning, chaining, broadcast burning, or yarding; ‘‘(iii) removal of cheat grass, medusa head rye, or other nonnative, invasive vegetation; ‘‘(iv) collection and seeding or planting of native vegetation using a manual, mechan-ical, or aerial method; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4596 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(v) seeding of nonnative, noninvasive, ruderal vegetation only for the purpose of emergency stabilization; ‘‘(vi) targeted use of an herbicide, subject to the condition that the use shall be in ac-cordance with applicable legal requirements, Federal agency procedures, and land use plans; ‘‘(vii) targeted livestock grazing to miti-gate hazardous fuels and control noxious and invasive weeds; ‘‘(viii) temporary removal of wild horses or burros in the area in which the activity is being carried out to ensure treatment objec-tives are met; ‘‘(ix) in coordination with the affected per-mit holder, modification or adjustment of permissible usage under an annual plan of use of a grazing permit issued by the Sec-retary concerned to achieve restoration treatment objectives; ‘‘(x) installation of new, or modification of existing, fencing or water sources intended to control use or improve wildlife habitat; or ‘‘(xi) necessary maintenance of, repairs to, rehabilitation of, or reconstruction of an ex-isting permanent road or construction of temporary roads to accomplish the activities described in this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘covered vege-tation management activity’ does not in-clude— ‘‘(i) any activity conducted in a wilderness area or wilderness study area; ‘‘(ii) any activity for the construction of a permanent road or permanent trail; ‘‘(iii) any activity conducted on Federal land on which, by Act of Congress or Presi-dential proclamation, the removal of vegeta-tion is restricted or prohibited; ‘‘(iv) any activity conducted in an area in which activities under subparagraph (B) would be inconsistent with the applicable land and resource management plan; or ‘‘(v) any activity conducted in an inven-toried roadless area. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Secretary concerned’ means— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to National Forest System land; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to public land. ‘‘(3) T
EMPORARY ROAD .—The term ‘tem-porary road’ means a road that is— ‘‘(A) authorized— ‘‘(i) by a contract, permit, lease, other written authorization; or ‘‘(ii) pursuant to an emergency operation; ‘‘(B) not intended to be part of the perma-nent transportation system of a Federal de-partment or agency; ‘‘(C) not necessary for long-term resource management; ‘‘(D) designed in accordance with standards appropriate for the intended use of the road, taking into consideration— ‘‘(i) safety; ‘‘(ii) the cost of transportation; and ‘‘(iii) impacts to land and resources; and ‘‘(E) managed to minimize— ‘‘(i) erosion; and ‘‘(ii) the introduction or spread of invasive species. ‘‘(b) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary concerned shall develop a cat-egorical exclusion (as defined in section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation)) for covered vege-tation management activities carried out to protect, restore, or improve habitat for greater sage-grouse or mule deer. ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—In developing and administering the categorical exclusion under paragraph (1), the Secretary concerned shall— ‘‘(A) comply with the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); ‘‘(B) with respect to National Forest Sys-tem land, apply the extraordinary cir-cumstances procedures under section 220.6 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations), in determining whether to use the categorical exclusion; ‘‘(C) with respect to public land, apply the extraordinary circumstances procedures under section 46.215 of title 43, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), in determining whether to use the categor-ical exclusion; and ‘‘(D) consider— ‘‘(i) the relative efficacy of landscape-scale habitat projects; ‘‘(ii) the likelihood of continued declines in the populations of greater sage-grouse and mule deer in the absence of landscape-scale vegetation management; and ‘‘(iii) the need for habitat restoration ac-tivities after wildfire or other natural dis-turbances. ‘‘(c) IMPLEMENTATION OF COVERED VEGETA -
TIVE MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES WITHIN THE  R
ANGE OF GREATER SAGE-GROUSE AND MULE D
EER.—If the categorical exclusion devel-oped under subsection (b) is used to imple-ment a covered vegetative management ac-tivity in an area within the range of both greater sage-grouse and mule deer, the cov-ered vegetative management activity shall protect, restore, or improve habitat concur-rently for both greater sage-grouse and mule deer. ‘‘(d) L
ONG-TERM MONITORING AND MAINTE -
NANCE .—Before commencing any covered vegetation management activity that is cov-ered by the categorical exclusion under sub-section (b), the Secretary concerned shall de-velop a long-term monitoring and mainte-nance plan, covering at least the 20-year pe-riod beginning on the date of commence-ment, to ensure that management of the treated area does not degrade the habitat gains secured by the covered vegetation management activity. ‘‘(e) D
ISPOSAL OF VEGETATIVE MATERIAL .— Subject to applicable local restrictions, any vegetative material resulting from a covered vegetation management activity that is cov-ered by the categorical exclusion under sub-section (b) may be— ‘‘(1) used for— ‘‘(A) fuel wood; or ‘‘(B) other products; or ‘‘(2) piled or burned, or both. ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT FOR TEMPORARY ROADS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a)(1)(B)(xi), any temporary road con-structed in carrying out a covered vegeta-tion management activity that is covered by the categorical exclusion under subsection (b)— ‘‘(A) shall be used by the Secretary con-cerned for the covered vegetation manage-ment activity for not more than 2 years; and ‘‘(B) shall be decommissioned by the Sec-retary concerned not later than 3 years after the earlier of the date on which— ‘‘(i) the temporary road is no longer need-ed; and ‘‘(ii) the project is completed. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—A treatment under paragraph (1) shall include reestablishing na-tive vegetative cover— ‘‘(A) as soon as practicable; but ‘‘(B) not later than 10 years after the date of completion of the applicable covered vege-tation management activity. ‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROJECT SIZE .—A covered vegetation management activity that is covered by the categorical exclusion under subsection (b) may not exceed 3,000 acres. ‘‘(2) L
OCATION .—A covered vegetation man-agement activity carried out on National Forest System land that is covered by the categorical exclusion under subsection (b) shall be limited to areas designated under section 602(b), as of the date of enactment of this section.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents for the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6501 note; Public Law 108–148) is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title VI the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 602. Designation of treatment areas. ‘‘Sec. 603. Administrative review. ‘‘Sec. 604. Stewardship end result con-tracting projects. ‘‘Sec. 605. Wildfire resilience projects. ‘‘Sec. 606. Categorical exclusion for greater sage-grouse and mule deer habi-tat.’’. PART II—MISCELLANEOUS FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 8621. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE OF SMALL PARCELS OF NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND. 
(a) I NCREASE IN MAXIMUM VALUE OF SMALL  P
ARCELS .—Section 3 of Public Law 97–465 (commonly known as the ‘‘Small Tract Act of 1983’’) (16 U.S.C. 521e) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘$150,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL CONVEYANCE PURPOSES .— Section 3 of Public Law 97–465 (16 U.S.C. 521e) (as amended by subsection (a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) parcels of 40 acres or less that are de-termined by the Secretary— ‘‘(A) to be physically isolated from other Federal land; ‘‘(B) to be inaccessible; or ‘‘(C) to have lost National Forest char-acter; ‘‘(5) parcels of 10 acres or less that are not eligible for conveyance under paragraph (2) but are encroached on by a permanent habit-able improvement for which there is no evi-dence that the encroachment was inten-tional or negligent; or ‘‘(6) parcels used as a cemetery (including a parcel of not more than 1 acre adjacent to the parcel used as a cemetery), a landfill, or a sewage treatment plant under a special use authorization issued or otherwise authorized by the Secretary.’’. (c) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .—Section 2 of Public Law 97–465 (16 U.S.C. 521d) is amend-ed— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Secretary is authorized’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY ; C ONSIDER -
ATION .—The Secretary is authorized’’; (2) in paragraph (2), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall insert’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION OF TERMS , COVENANTS , CON-
DITIONS , ANDRESERVATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall in-sert’’; (3) in subsection (b) (as so designated)— (A) by striking ‘‘convenants’’ and inserting ‘‘covenants’’; and (B) in the second sentence by striking ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Paragraph (1) shall not’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .— ‘‘(1) D
EPOSIT IN SISK FUND .—The net pro-ceeds derived from any sale or exchange con-ducted under paragraph (4), (5), or (6) of sec-tion 3 shall be deposited in the fund estab-lished under Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘Sisk Act’) (16 U.S.C. 484a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4597 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(2) U SE.—Amounts deposited under para-graph (1) shall be available to the Secretary until expended for— ‘‘(A) the acquisition of land or interests in land for administrative sites for the National Forest System in the State from which the amounts were derived; ‘‘(B) the acquisition of land or interests in land for inclusion in the National Forest System in that State, including land or in-terests in land that enhance opportunities for recreational access; or ‘‘(C) the reimbursement of the Secretary for costs incurred in preparing a sale con-ducted under the authority of section 3 if the sale is a competitive sale.’’. 
SEC. 8622. FOREST SERVICE PARTICIPATION IN ACES PROGRAM. 
Section 8302 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 3851a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The authority provided to the Secretary to carry out this section terminates effective October 1, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 8623. AUTHORIZATION FOR LEASE OF FOR-EST SERVICE SITES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATIVE SITE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘administra-tive site’’ means— (i) any facility or improvement, including curtilage, that was acquired or is used spe-cifically for purposes of administration of the National Forest System; (ii) any Federal land that— (I) is associated with a facility or improve-ment described in clause (i) that was ac-quired or is used specifically for purposes of administration of Forest Service activities; and (II) underlies or abuts the facility or im-provement; and (iii) for each fiscal year, not more than 10 isolated, undeveloped parcels of not more than 40 acres each. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘administra-tive site’’ does not include— (i) any land within a unit of the National Forest System that is exclusively designated for natural area or recreational purposes; (ii) any land within— (I) a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System; (II) a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System; or (III) a National Monument; or (iii) any Federal land that the Secretary determines— (I) is needed for resource management pur-poses or to provide access to other land or water; or (II) would be in the public interest not to lease. (2) F
ACILITY OR IMPROVEMENT .—The term ‘‘facility or improvement’’ includes— (A) a forest headquarters; (B) a ranger station; (C) a research station or laboratory; (D) a dwelling; (E) a warehouse; (F) a scaling station; (G) a fire-retardant mixing station; (H) a fire-lookout station; (I) a guard station; (J) a storage facility; (K) a telecommunication facility; and (L) any other administrative installation for conducting Forest Service activities. (3) M
ARKET ANALYSIS .—The term ‘‘market analysis’’ means the identification and study of the market for a particular economic good or service. (b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may lease an administrative site that is under the jurisdiction of the Secretary in accordance with this section. (c) IDENTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE SITES.—A regional forester, in consultation with forest supervisors in the region, may submit to the Secretary a recommendation for administra-tive sites in the region that the regional for-ester considers eligible for leasing under this section. (d) C
ONSULTATION WITHLOCAL GOVERNMENT  
AND PUBLIC NOTICE .—Before making an ad-ministrative site available for lease under this section, the Secretary shall— (1) consult with government officials of the community and of the State in which the ad-ministrative site is located; and (2) provide public notice of the proposed lease. (e) L
EASE REQUIREMENTS .— (1) S
IZE.—An administrative site or com-pound of administrative sites under a single lease under this section may not exceed 40 acres. (2) C
ONFIGURATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE  
SITES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To facilitate the lease of an administrative site under this section, the Secretary may configure the administra-tive site— (i) to maximize the marketability of the administrative site; and (ii) to achieve management objectives. (B) S
EPARATE TREATMENT OF FACILITY OR  
IMPROVEMENT .—A facility or improvement on an administrative site to be leased under this section may be severed from the land and leased under a separate lease under this section. (3) C
ONSIDERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A person to which a lease of an administrative site is made under this section shall provide to the Secretary con-sideration described in subparagraph (B) in an amount that is not less than the market value of the administrative site, as deter-mined in accordance with subparagraph (C). (B) F
ORM OF CONSIDERATION .—The consider-ation referred to in subparagraph (A) may be— (i) cash; (ii) in-kind, including— (I) the construction of new facilities or im-provements, the title to which shall be transferred by the lessee to the Secretary; (II) the maintenance, repair, improvement, or restoration of existing facilities or im-provements; and (III) other services relating to activities that occur on the administrative site, as de-termined by the Secretary; or (iii) any combination of the consideration described in clauses (i) and (ii). (C) D
ETERMINATION OF MARKET VALUE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall deter-mine the market value of an administrative site to be leased under this section— (I) by conducting an appraisal in accord-ance with— (aa) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions established in ac-cordance with the Uniform Relocation As-sistance and Real Property Acquisition Poli-cies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.); and (bb) the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice; or (II) by competitive lease. (ii) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .—The Secretary shall determine the market value of any in- kind consideration under subparagraph (B)(ii). (4) C
ONDITIONS .—The lease of an adminis-trative site under this section shall be sub-ject to such conditions, including bonding, as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (5) R
IGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL .—Subject to terms and conditions that the Secretary de-termines to be necessary, the Secretary shall offer to lease an administrative site to the municipality or county in which the admin-istrative site is located before seeking to lease the administrative site to any other person. (f) RELATION TO OTHER LAWS.— (1) F
EDERAL PROPERTY DISPOSAL .—Chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, shall not apply to the lease of an administrative site under this section. (2) L
EAD-BASED PAINT AND ASBESTOS ABATE -
MENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-vision of law relating to the mitigation or abatement of lead-based paint or asbestos- containing building materials, the Secretary shall not be required to mitigate or abate lead-based paint or asbestos-containing building materials with respect to an admin-istrative site to be leased under this section. (B) P
ROCEDURES .—With respect to an ad-ministrative site to be leased under this sec-tion that has lead-based paint or asbestos- containing building materials, the Secretary shall— (i) provide notice to the person to which the administrative site will be leased of the presence of the lead-based paint or asbestos- containing building material; and (ii) obtain written assurance from that per-son that the person will comply with appli-cable Federal, State, and local laws relating to the management of lead-based paint and asbestos-containing building materials. (3) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall apply to the lease of an ad-ministrative site under this section, except that, in any environmental review or anal-ysis required under that Act for the lease of an administrative site under this section, the Secretary shall be required only— (A) to analyze the most reasonably foresee-able use of the administrative site, as deter-mined through a market analysis; (B) to determine whether to include any conditions under subsection (e)(4); and (C) to evaluate the alternative of not leas-ing the administrative site in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (4) C
OMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS .—A per- son that leases an administrative site under this section shall comply with all applicable State and local zoning laws, building codes, and permit requirements for any construc-tion activities that occur on the administra-tive site. (g) U
SE OF CONSIDERATION .—Cash consider-ation for a lease of an administrative site under this section shall be available to the Secretary, until expended and without fur-ther appropriation, to pay— (1) any necessary and incidental costs in-curred by the Secretary in connection with— (A) the acquisition, improvement, mainte-nance, reconstruction, or construction of a facility or improvement for the National Forest System; and (B) the lease of an administrative site under this section; and (2) reasonable commissions or fees for bro-kerage services obtained in connection with the lease, subject to the conditions that the Secretary— (A) determines that the services are in the public interest; and (B) shall provide public notice of any bro-kerage services contract entered into in con-nection with a lease under this section. (h) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATIONS .— (1) A
NTICIPATED USE OF AUTHORITY .—As part of the annual budget justification docu-ments provided to the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Secretary shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4598 June 27, 2018 
(A) a list of the anticipated leases to be made, including the anticipated revenue that may be obtained, under this section; (B) a description of the intended use of any revenue obtained under a lease under this section, including a list of any projects that cost more than $500,000; and (C) a description of accomplishments dur-ing previous years using the authority of the Secretary under this section. (2) C
HANGES TO LEASE LIST .—If the Sec-retary desires to lease an administrative site under this section that is not included on a list provided under paragraph (1)(A), the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional committees described in paragraph (3) a no-tice of the proposed lease, including the an-ticipated revenue that may be obtained from the lease. (3) U
SE OF AUTHORITY .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Agriculture, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report describing each lease made by the Secretary under this section during the period covered by the report. (i) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority of the Sec-retary to make a lease of an administrative site under this section expires on October 1, 2023. (2) E
FFECT ON LEASE AGREEMENT .—Para- graph (1) shall not affect the authority of the Secretary to carry out this section in the case of any lease agreement that was entered into by the Secretary before October 1, 2023. 
SEC. 8624. GOOD NEIGHBOR AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF INDIAN TRIBES .—Section 8206(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘land and non-Federal land’’ and inserting ‘‘land, non-Federal land, and land owned by an In-dian tribe’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘or Indian tribe’’ after ‘‘affected State’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (5) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(6) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304).’’. (b) I
NCLUSION OF COUNTIES .—Section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘or county, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘Governor’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (9) (as amended by subsection (a)) as paragraphs (3) through (10), respectively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘county’ means— ‘‘(A) the appropriate executive official of an affected county; or ‘‘(B) in any case in which multiple counties are affected, the appropriate executive offi-cial of a compact of the affected counties.’’; and (D) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘or county, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘Governor’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘or county’’ after ‘‘Governor’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘coop-erative agreement or contract entered into under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘good neighbor agreement’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or coun-ty’’ after ‘‘Governor’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) RECEIPTS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any payment made by a county to the Secretary under a project con-ducted under a good neighbor agreement shall not be considered to be monies received from National Forest System land or Bureau of Land Management land, as applicable.’’. 
SEC. 8625. WILDLAND-URBAN INTERFACE. 
To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall prioritize the expenditure of hazardous fuels funding for projects within the wildland-urban interface (as defined in section 101 of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511)). 
SEC. 8626. CHATTAHOOCHEE-OCONEE NATIONAL FOREST LAND ADJUSTMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) certain National Forest System land in the State of Georgia consists of isolated tracts that are inefficient to manage or have lost their principal value for National Forest purposes; (2) the disposal of that National Forest System land would be in the public interest; and (3) proceeds from the sale of National For-est System land under subsection (b)(1) would be used best by the Forest Service to purchase land for National Forest purposes in the State of Georgia. (b) L
ANDCONVEYANCE AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under such terms and conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may sell or exchange any or all rights, title, and interest of the United States in and to the National Forest System land described in paragraph (2)(A). (2) L
AND AUTHORIZED FOR DISPOSAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The National Forest Sys-tem land referred to in paragraph (1) is the 30 tracts of land totaling approximately 3,841 acres that are generally depicted on the 2 maps entitled ‘‘Priority Land Adjustments, State of Georgia, U.S. Forest Service–South-ern Region, Oconee and Chattahoochee Na-tional Forests, U.S. Congressional Districts– 8, 9, 10 & 14’’ and dated September 24, 2013. (B) M
APS.—The maps described in subpara-graph (A) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the Office of the Forest Supervisor, Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forest, until such time as the land is sold or exchanged. (C) M
ODIFICATION OF BOUNDARIES .—The Sec- retary may modify the boundaries of the Na-tional Forest System land described in sub-paragraph (A) based on land management considerations. (3) F
ORM OF CONVEYANCE .— (A) Q
UITCLAIM DEED .—The Secretary shall convey National Forest System land sold or exchanged under paragraph (1) by quitclaim deed. (B) R
ESERVATIONS .—The Secretary may re-serve any rights-of-way or other rights or in-terests in National Forest System land sold or exchanged under paragraph (1) that the Secretary considers necessary for manage-ment purposes or to protect the public inter-est. (4) V
ALUATION .— (A) M
ARKET VALUE .—The Secretary may not sell or exchange National Forest System land under paragraph (1) for less than mar-ket value, as determined by appraisal or through competitive bid. (B) A
PPRAISAL REQUIREMENTS .—Any ap- praisal under subparagraph (A) shall be— (i) consistent with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions or the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice; and (ii) subject to the approval of the Sec-retary. (5) CONSIDERATION .— (A) C
ASH.—Consideration for a sale of Na-tional Forest System land or equalization of an exchange under paragraph (1) shall be paid in cash. (B) E
XCHANGE .—Notwithstanding section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Man-agement Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)), the Secretary may accept a cash equalization payment in excess of 25 percent of the value of any National Forest System land ex-changed under paragraph (1). (6) M
ETHOD OF SALE .— (A) O
PTIONS .—The Secretary may sell Na-tional Forest System land under paragraph (1) at public or private sale, including com-petitive sale by auction, bid, or otherwise, in accordance with such terms, conditions, and procedures as the Secretary determines are in the best interest of the United States. (B) S
OLICITATIONS .—The Secretary may— (i) make public or private solicitations for the sale or exchange of National Forest Sys-tem land under paragraph (1); and (ii) reject any offer that the Secretary de-termines is not adequate or not in the public interest. (7) B
ROKERS .—The Secretary may— (A) use brokers or other third parties in the sale or exchange of National Forest Sys-tem land under paragraph (1); and (B) from the proceeds of a sale, pay reason-able commissions or fees. (c) T
REATMENT OF PROCEEDS .— (1) D
EPOSIT .—Subject to subsection (b)(7)(B), the Secretary shall deposit the pro-ceeds of a sale or a cash equalization pay-ment received from the sale or exchange of National Forest System land under sub-section (b)(1) in the fund established under Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 484a). (2) A
VAILABILITY .—Subject to paragraph (3), amounts deposited under paragraph (1) shall be available to the Secretary until ex-pended, without further appropriation, for the acquisition of land for National Forest purposes in the State of Georgia. (3) P
RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .—Noth- ing in this section authorizes the use of funds deposited under paragraph (1) to be used to acquire land without the written consent of the owner of the land. 
SEC. 8627. TENNESSEE WILDERNESS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Wilderness Areas and Ad-ditions-Cherokee National Forest’’ and dated January 20, 2010. (2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Tennessee. (b) A
DDITIONS TO CHEROKEE NATIONAL FOR-
EST.— (1) D
ESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS .—In ac- cordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following parcels of Federal land in the Cherokee National Forest in the State are designated as wilderness and as ad-ditions to the National Wilderness Preserva-tion System: (A) Certain land comprising approximately 9,038 acres, as generally depicted as the ‘‘Upper Bald River Wilderness’’ on the Map and which shall be known as the ‘‘Upper Bald River Wilderness’’. (B) Certain land comprising approximately 348 acres, as generally depicted as the ‘‘Big Frog Addition’’ on the Map and which shall be incorporated in, and shall be considered to be a part of, the Big Frog Wilderness. (C) Certain land comprising approximately 630 acres, as generally depicted as the ‘‘Lit-tle Frog Mountain Addition NW’’ on the Map and which shall be incorporated in, and shall be considered to be a part of, the Little Frog Mountain Wilderness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4599 June 27, 2018 
(D) Certain land comprising approximately 336 acres, as generally depicted as the ‘‘Lit-tle Frog Mountain Addition NE’’ on the Map and which shall be incorporated in, and shall be considered to be a part of, the Little Frog Mountain Wilderness. (E) Certain land comprising approximately 2,922 acres, as generally depicted as the ‘‘Sampson Mountain Addition’’ on the Map and which shall be incorporated in, and shall be considered to be a part of, the Sampson Mountain Wilderness. (F) Certain land comprising approximately 4,446 acres, as generally depicted as the ‘‘Big Laurel Branch Addition’’ on the Map and which shall be incorporated in, and shall be considered to be a part of, the Big Laurel Branch Wilderness. (G) Certain land comprising approximately 1,836 acres, as generally depicted as the ‘‘Joyce Kilmer-Slickrock Addition’’ on the Map and which shall be incorporated in, and shall be considered to be a part of, the Joyce Kilmer-Slickrock Wilderness. (2) M
APS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file maps and legal descrip-tions of the wilderness areas designated by paragraph (1) with the appropriate commit-tees of Congress. (B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The maps and legal descriptions filed under subparagraph (A) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the office of the Chief of the Forest Service and the office of the Super-visor of the Cherokee National Forest. (C) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The maps and legal de-scriptions filed under subparagraph (A) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct typographical errors in the maps and descriptions. (3) A
DMINISTRATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, the Federal land designated as wilder-ness by paragraph (1) shall be administered by the Secretary in accordance with the Wil-derness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), except that any reference in that Act to the effec-tive date of that Act shall be deemed to be a reference to the date of enactment of this Act. (B) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT .—In accordance with section 4(d)(7) of the Wilder-ness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(7)), nothing in this section affects the jurisdiction of the State with respect to fish and wildlife manage-ment, including the regulation of hunting, fishing, and trapping, in the wilderness areas designated by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 8628. ADDITIONS TO ROUGH MOUNTAIN AND RICH HOLE WILDERNESSES. 
(a) R OUGH MOUNTAIN ADDITION .—Section 1 of Public Law 100–326 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; 102 Stat. 584; 114 Stat. 2057; 123 Stat. 1002) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(21) R
OUGH MOUNTAIN ADDITION .—Certain land in the George Washington National For-est comprising approximately 1,000 acres, as generally depicted as the ‘Rough Mountain Addition’ on the map entitled ‘GEORGE WASHINGTON NATIONAL FOREST – South half – Alternative I – Selected Alternative Management Prescriptions – Land and Re-sources Management Plan Final Environ-mental Impact Statement’ and dated March 4, 2014, which is incorporated in the Rough Mountain Wilderness Area designated by paragraph (1).’’. (b) R
ICHHOLEADDITION .— (1) P
OTENTIAL WILDERNESS DESIGNATION .— In furtherance of the purposes of the Wilder-ness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), certain land in the George Washington National Forest comprising approximately 4,600 acres, as gen-erally depicted as the ‘‘Rich Hole Addition’’ on the map entitled ‘‘GEORGE WASH-INGTON NATIONAL FOREST – South half – Alternative I – Selected Alternative Manage-ment Prescriptions – Land and Resources Management Plan Final Environmental Im-pact Statement’’ and dated March 4, 2014, is designated as a potential wilderness area for incorporation in the Rich Hole Wilderness Area designated by section 1(2) of Public Law 100–326 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; 102 Stat. 584; 114 Stat. 2057; 123 Stat. 1002). (2) WILDERNESS DESIGNATION .—The poten-tial wilderness area designated by paragraph (1) shall be designated as wilderness and in-corporated in the Rich Hole Wilderness Area designated by section 1(2) of Public Law 100– 326 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; 102 Stat. 584; 114 Stat. 2057; 123 Stat. 1002) on the earlier of— (A) the date on which the Secretary pub-lishes in the Federal Register notice that the activities permitted under paragraph (4) have been completed; or (B) the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) M
ANAGEMENT .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), the Secretary shall manage the potential wilderness area designated by paragraph (1) in accordance with the Wilder-ness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). (4) W
ATER QUALITY IMPROVEMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To enhance natural eco-systems within the potential wilderness area designated by paragraph (1) by implementing certain activities to improve water quality and aquatic passage, as set forth in the For-est Service document entitled ‘‘Decision No-tice for the Lower Cowpasture Restoration and Management Project’’ and dated Decem-ber 2015, the Secretary may use motorized equipment and mechanized transport in the potential wilderness area until the date on which the potential wilderness area is incor-porated into the Rich Hole Wilderness Area under paragraph (2). (B) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary, to the max-imum extent practicable, shall use the min-imum tool or administrative practice nec-essary to carry out that subparagraph with the least amount of adverse impact on wil-derness character and resources. 
SEC. 8629. KISATCHIE NATIONAL FOREST LAND CONVEYANCE. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that it is in the public interest to authorize the convey-ance of certain Federal land in the Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana for market value consideration. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OLLINS CAMP PROPERTIES .—The term ‘‘Collins Camp Properties’’ means Collins Camp Properties, Inc., a corporation incor-porated under the laws of the State. (2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Louisiana. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF CONVEYANCES , K
ISATCHIE NATIONAL FOREST , LOUISIANA .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and paragraph (2), the Secretary may convey the Federal land described in sub-paragraph (B) by quitclaim deed at public or private sale, including competitive sale by auction, bid, or other methods. (B) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The Federal land referred to in subparagraph (A) consists of— (i) all Federal land within sec. 9, T. 10 N., R. 5 W., Winn Parish, Louisiana; and (ii) a 2.16-acre parcel of Federal land lo-cated in the SW
1⁄4of sec. 4, T. 10 N., R. 5 W., Winn Parish, Louisiana, as depicted on a cer-tificate of survey dated March 7, 2007, by Glen L. Cannon, P.L.S. 4436. (2) F
IRST RIGHT OF PURCHASE .—Subject to valid existing rights and subsection (e), dur-ing the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, on the provision of consideration by the Collins Camp Prop-erties to the Secretary, the Secretary shall convey, by quitclaim deed, to Collins Camp Properties all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to— (A) the not more than 47.92 acres of Fed-eral land comprising the Collins Campsites within sec. 9, T. 10 N., R. 5 W., in Winn Par-ish, Louisiana, as generally depicted on a certificate of survey dated February 28, 2007, by Glen L. Cannon, P.L.S. 4436; and (B) the parcel of Federal land described in paragraph (1)(B)(ii). (3) TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may— (A) configure the Federal land to be con-veyed under this section— (i) to maximize the marketability of the conveyance; or (ii) to achieve management objectives; and (B) establish any terms and conditions for the conveyances under this section that the Secretary determines to be in the public in-terest. (4) C
ONSIDERATION .—Consideration for a conveyance of Federal land under this sec-tion shall be— (A) in the form of cash; and (B) in an amount equal to the market value of the Federal land being conveyed, as determined under paragraph (5). (5) M
ARKET VALUE .—The market value of the Federal land conveyed under this section shall be determined— (A) in the case of Federal land conveyed under paragraph (2), by an appraisal that is— (i) conducted in accordance with the Uni-form Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions; and (ii) approved by the Secretary; or (B) if conveyed by a method other than the methods described in paragraph (2), by com-petitive sale. (6) H
AZARDOUS SUBSTANCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In any conveyance of Federal land under this section, the Sec-retary shall meet disclosure requirements for hazardous substances, but shall otherwise not be required to remediate or abate the substances. (B) E
FFECT .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (A), nothing in this subsection af-fects the application of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) to the conveyances of Federal land. (d) P
ROCEEDS FROM THE SALE OF LAND.— The Secretary shall deposit the proceeds of a conveyance of Federal land under subsection (c) in the fund established under Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 484a). (e) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) C
OSTS.—As a condition of a conveyance of Federal land to Collins Camp Properties under subsection (c), the Secretary shall re-quire Collins Camp Properties to pay at clos-ing— (A) reasonable appraisal costs; and (B) the cost of any administrative and en-vironmental analyses required by law (in-cluding regulations). (2) P
ERMITS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An offer by Collins Camp Properties for the acquisition of the Federal land under subsection (c) shall be accom-panied by a written statement from each holder of a Forest Service special use author-ization with respect to the Federal land that specifies that the holder agrees to relinquish the special use authorization on the convey-ance of the Federal land to Collins Camp Properties. (B) S
PECIAL USE AUTHORIZATIONS .—If any holder of a special use authorization de-scribed in subparagraph (A) fails to provide a written authorization in accordance with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4600 June 27, 2018 
that subparagraph, the Secretary shall re-quire, as a condition of the conveyance, that Collins Camp Properties administer the spe-cial use authorization according to the terms of the special use authorization until the date on which the special use authorization expires. 
SEC. 8630. PURCHASE OF NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE PROP-ERTY, RIVERSIDE COUNTY, CALI-FORNIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds as follows: (1) Since 1935, the United States has owned a parcel of land in Riverside, California, con-sisting of approximately 8.75 acres, more spe-cifically described in subsection (b)(1) (in this section referred to as the ‘‘property’’). (2) The property is under the jurisdiction of the Department of Agriculture and has been variously used for research and plant materials purposes. (3) Since 1998, the property has been ad-ministered by the Natural Resources Con-servation Service of the Department of Agri-culture. (4) Since 2002, the property has been co- managed under a cooperative agreement be-tween the Natural Resources Conservation Service and the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, which is a legal sub-division of the State of California under sec-tion 9003 of the California Public Resources Code. (5) The Conservation District wishes to purchase the property and use it for con-servation, environmental, and related edu-cational purposes. (6) As provided in subsection (b), the pur-chase of the property by the Conservation District would promote the conservation education and related activities of the Con-servation District and result in savings to the Federal Government. (b) L
AND PURCHASE , NATURAL RESOURCES  C
ONSERVATION SERVICE PROPERTY , RIVERSIDE  C
OUNTY , CALIFORNIA .— (1) P
URCHASE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary shall sell and quitclaim to the Riverside Co-rona Resource Conservation District (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Conservation Dis-trict’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real prop-erty, including improvements thereon, that is located at 4500 Glenwood Drive in River-side, California, consists of approximately 8.75 acres, and is administered by the Nat-ural Resources Conservation Service of the Department of Agriculture. As necessary or desirable to facilitate the purchase of the property under this subsection, the Sec-retary or the Conservation District may sur-vey all or portions of the property. (2) C
ONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the purchase of the property under this sub-section, the Conservation District shall pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the ap-praised value of the property. (3) P
ROHIBITION ON RESERVATION OF INTER -
EST.—The Secretary shall not reserve any fu-ture interest in the property to be conveyed under this subsection, except such interest as may be acceptable to the Conservation District. (4) H
AZARDOUS SUBSTANCES .—Notwith- standing section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)) or the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), in the case of the property purchased by the Conservation District under this sub-section, the Secretary shall be only required to meet the disclosure requirements for haz-ardous substances, pollutants, or contami-nants, but shall otherwise not be required to remediate or abate any such releases of haz-ardous substances, pollutants, or contami-nants, including petroleum and petroleum derivatives. (5) COOPERATIVE AUTHORITY .— (A) L
EASES , CONTRACTS , AND COOPERATIVE  
AGREEMENTS AUTHORIZED .—In conjunction with, or in addition to, the purchase of the property by the Conservation District under this subsection, the Secretary may enter into leases, contracts and cooperative agree-ments with the Conservation District. (B) S
OLE SOURCE .—Notwithstanding sec-tions 3105, 3301, and 3303 to 3305 of title 41, United States Code, or any other provision of law, the Secretary may lease real property from the Conservation District on a non-competitive basis. (C) N
ON-EXCLUSIVE AUTHORITY .—The au- thority provided by this subsection is in ad-dition to any other authority of the Sec-retary. 
SEC. 8631. COLLABORATIVE FOREST LANDSCAPE RESTORATION PROGRAM. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 4003(f)(6) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(f)(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘$40,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2009 through 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘$80,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 4003(h) of the Omnibus Public Land Manage-ment Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(h)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate;’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 8632. UTILITY INFRASTRUCTURE RIGHTS- OF-WAY VEGETATION MANAGEMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘National For-est System land’’ means land within the Na-tional Forest System, as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘National For-est System land’’ does not include— (i) a National Grassland; or (ii) a land utilization project on land des-ignated as a National Grassland and admin-istered pursuant to sections 31, 32, and 33 of the Bankhead-Jones Farm Tenant Act (7 U.S.C. 1010, 1011, 1012). (2) P
ASSING WILDFIRE .—The term ‘‘passing wildfire’’ means a wildfire that originates outside of a right-of-way. (3) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the pilot program established by the Secretary under subsection (b). (4) R
IGHT-OF-WAY.—The term ‘‘right-of- way’’ means a special use authorization issued by the Forest Service allowing the placement of utility infrastructure. (5) U
TILITY INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘‘utility infrastructure’’ means electric transmission lines, natural gas infrastruc-ture, or related structures. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—To encourage owners or operators of rights-of-way on National Forest System land to partner with the For-est Service to voluntarily conduct vegeta-tion management projects on a proactive basis to better protect utility infrastructure from potential passing wildfires, the Sec-retary may establish a limited, voluntary pilot program, in the manner described in this section, to conduct vegetation manage-ment projects on National Forest System land adjacent to or near those rights-of-way. (c) ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A participant in the pilot program shall be the owner or operator of a right-of-way on National Forest System land. (2) S
ELECTION PRIORITY .—In selecting par-ticipants for the pilot program, the Sec-retary shall give priority to an owner or op-erator of a right-of-way that has worked with Forest Service fire scientists and used technologies, such as light detection and ranging surveys, to improve utility infra-structure protection prescriptions. (d) V
EGETATION MANAGEMENT PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A vegetation management project conducted under the pilot program shall involve only limited and selective vege-tation management activities that— (A) shall create the least disturbance rea-sonably necessary to protect utility infra-structure from passing wildfires based on ap-plicable models, including Forest Service fuel models; (B) may include thinning, fuel reduction, creation and treatment of shaded fuel breaks, and other appropriate measures; (C) shall only be conducted on National Forest System land— (i) adjacent to the right-of-way of a partic-ipant; or (ii) within 75 feet of the right-of-way of a participant; and (D) shall not be conducted on— (i) a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System; (ii) a designated wilderness study area; or (iii) an inventoried roadless area. (2) A
PPROVAL .—Each vegetation manage-ment project described in paragraph (1) (in-cluding each vegetation management activ-ity described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of that paragraph) shall be subject to ap-proval by the Forest Service in accordance with this section. (e) P
ROJECT COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a participant in the pilot pro-gram shall be responsible for all costs, as de-termined by the Secretary, incurred in par-ticipating in the pilot program. (2) F
EDERAL FUNDING .—The Secretary may contribute funds for a vegetation manage-ment project conducted under the pilot pro-gram if the Secretary determines that the contribution is in the public interest. (f) L
IABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Participation in the pilot program shall not affect any legal obliga-tions or liability standards that— (A) arise under the right-of-way for activi-ties in the right-of-way; or (B) apply to fires resulting from causes other than activities conducted pursuant to an approved vegetation management project conducted under the pilot program. (2) P
ROJECT WORK .—A participant in the pilot program shall not be liable to the United States for damage proximately caused by an activity conducted pursuant to an approved vegetation management project conducted under the pilot program, unless— (A) the activity was carried out in a man-ner that was grossly negligent or that vio-lated criminal law; or (B) the damage was caused by the failure of the participant to comply with specific safe-ty requirements expressly imposed by the Forest Service as a condition of participa-tion in the pilot program. (g) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall use the au-thority of the Secretary under other laws (including regulations) to carry out the pilot program. (2) M
ODIFICATION OF REGULATIONS .—In order to implement the pilot program in an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4601 June 27, 2018 
efficient and expeditious manner, the Sec-retary may waive or modify specific provi-sions of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, including waivers or modifications to allow for the formation of contracts or agreements on a noncompetitive basis. (h) T
REATMENT OF PROCEEDS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary may— (1) retain any funds provided to the Forest Service by a participant in the pilot pro-gram; and (2) use funds retained under paragraph (1), in such amounts as may be appropriated, to carry out the pilot program. (i) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than December 31, 2020, and 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report describing the status of the pilot program and vegeta-tion management projects conducted under the pilot program to— (1) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives. (j) D
URATION .—The authority to carry out the pilot program, including any vegetation management project conducted under the pilot program, expires on October 1, 2023. 
SEC. 8633. OKHISSA LAKE RURAL ECONOMIC DE-VELOPMENT LAND CONVEYANCE. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ALLIANCE .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Alliance’’ means the Scenic Rivers Development Alliance. (b) R
EQUEST .—Subject to the requirements of this section, if the Alliance submits a written request for conveyance by not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and the Secretary determines that it is in the public interest to convey the Na-tional Forest System Land described in sub-section (c), the Secretary shall convey to the Alliance all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the National Forest System land described in subsection (c) by quitclaim deed through a public or private sale, including a competitive sale by auction or bid. (c) D
ESCRIPTION OF NATIONAL FOREST SYS-
TEMLAND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the National Forest System land referred to in subsection (b) is the approximately 150 acres of real property located in sec. 6, T. 5 N. R. 4 E., Franklin County, Mississippi, and further described as— (A) the portion of the NW
1⁄4NW1⁄4lying south of the south boundary of Berrytown Road; (B) the portion of the W
1⁄2NE1⁄4NW1⁄4lying south of the south boundary of Berrytown Road; (C) the portion of the SW
1⁄4NW1⁄4lying east of the east boundary of U.S. Highway 98; (D) the W
1⁄2SE1⁄4NW1⁄4; (E) the portion of the NW
1⁄4SW1⁄4lying east of the east boundary of U.S. Highway 98; (F) the portion of the NE
1⁄4SW1⁄4com- mencing at the southwest corner of the NE
1⁄4 SW
1⁄4, said point being the point of begin-ning, thence running east 330 feet along the south boundary of the NE
1⁄4SW1⁄4to a point in Lake Okhissa, thence running northeast-erly to a point in Lake Okhissa on the east boundary of the NE
1⁄4SW1⁄4330 feet south of the northeast corner thereof, thence running north 330 feet along the east boundary of the NE
1⁄4SW1⁄4to the northeast corner thereof, thence running west along the north bound-ary of the NE
1⁄4SW1⁄4to the NW corner there-of; thence running south along the west boundary of the NE
1⁄4SW1⁄4to the point of beginning; and (G) the portion of the SE
1⁄4SE1⁄4NW1⁄4com- mencing at the southeast corner of the SE
1⁄4 NW
1⁄4, said point being the point of begin-ning, and running northwesterly to the northwest corner of the SE
1⁄4SE11⁄4NW1⁄4, thence running south along the west bound-ary of the SE1⁄4SE1⁄4NW1⁄4to the southwest corner thereof, thence running east along the south boundary of the SE
1⁄4SE1⁄4NW1⁄4to the point of beginning. (2) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the National Forest System land to be conveyed under this section shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (d) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The consideration for the conveyance of any National Forest System land under this section shall be— (A) provided in the form of cash; and (B) in an amount equal to the fair market value of the National Forest System land being conveyed, as determined under para-graph (2). (2) F
AIR MARKET VALUE DETERMINATION .— The fair market value of the National Forest System land conveyed under this section shall be determined— (A) in the case of a method of conveyance described in subsection (b), by an appraisal that is— (i) conducted in accordance with the Uni-form Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions; and (ii) approved by the Secretary; or (B) in the case of a conveyance by a meth-od other than a method described in sub-section (b), by competitive sale. (e) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The convey-ance under this section shall be subject to— (1) valid existing rights; and (2) such other terms and conditions as the Secretary considers to be appropriate to pro-tect the interests of the United States. (f) P
ROCEEDS FROM SALE.—The Secretary shall deposit the proceeds of the conveyance of any National Forest System land under this section in the fund established under Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 484a). (g) C
OSTS.—As a condition for the convey-ance under this section, the Secretary shall require the Alliance to pay at closing— (1) any reasonable appraisal costs; and (2) the costs of any administrative or envi-ronmental analysis required by applicable law (including regulations). 
SEC. 8634. PRAIRIE DOGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With respect to the grass-lands plan guidance of the Forest Service re-lating to prairie dogs, the Chief of the Forest Service shall base policies of the Forest Service on sound ecological and livestock management principles. (b) G
RAZING ALLOTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Chief of the Forest Service shall complete a report on the per-centage of prairie dogs occupying each total grazing allotment acreage. (2) A
CTION REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the report under paragraph (1) is completed and subject to paragraph (3), the Chief of the Forest Service shall take appropriate action based on the results of that report. (3) R
EQUIREMENT .—This section, including any actions taken under paragraph (2), shall apply only to grazing allotments where prai-rie dogs are present as of the date of enact-ment of this Act. PART III—TIMBER INNOVATION 
SEC. 8641. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) I
NNOVATIVE WOOD PRODUCT .—The term ‘‘innovative wood product’’ means a type of building component or system that uses large panelized wood construction, including mass timber. (2) M
ASS TIMBER .—The term ‘‘mass timber’’ includes— (A) cross-laminated timber; (B) nail laminated timber; (C) glue laminated timber; (D) laminated strand lumber; and (E) laminated veneer lumber. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary, acting through the Re-search and Development deputy area and the State and Private Forestry deputy area of the Forest Service. (4) T
ALL WOOD BUILDING .—The term ‘‘tall wood building’’ means a building designed to be— (A) constructed with mass timber; and (B) more than 85 feet in height. 
SEC. 8642. CLARIFICATION OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM FOR WOOD BUILDING CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct performance-driven research and devel-opment, education, and technical assistance for the purpose of facilitating the use of in-novative wood products in wood building construction in the United States. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) after receipt of input and guidance from, and collaboration with, the wood prod-ucts industry, conservation organizations, and institutions of higher education, conduct research and development, education, and technical assistance at the Forest Products Laboratory or through the State and Private Forestry deputy area that meets measurable performance goals for the achievement of the priorities described in subsection (c); and (2) after coordination and collaboration with the wood products industry and con-servation organizations, make competitive grants to institutions of higher education to conduct research and development, edu-cation, and technical assistance that meets measurable performance goals for the achievement of the priorities described in subsection (c). (c) P
RIORITIES .—The research and develop-ment, education, and technical assistance conducted under subsection (a) shall give priority to— (1) ways to improve the commercialization of innovative wood products; (2) analyzing the safety of tall wood build-ing materials; (3) calculations by the Forest Products Laboratory of the lifecycle environmental footprint, from extraction of raw materials through the manufacturing process, of tall wood building construction; (4) analyzing methods to reduce the lifecycle environmental footprint of tall wood building construction; (5) analyzing the potential implications of the use of innovative wood products in build-ing construction on wildlife; and (6) 1 or more other research areas identi-fied by the Secretary, in consultation with conservation organizations, institutions of higher education, and the wood products in-dustry. (d) T
IMEFRAME .—To the maximum extent practicable, the measurable performance goals for the research and development, edu-cation, and technical assistance conducted under subsection (a) shall be achievable within a 5-year timeframe. 
SEC. 8643. WOOD INNOVATION GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (A) an individual; (B) a public or private entity (including a center of excellence that consists of 1 or more partnerships between forestry, engi-neering, architecture, or business schools at 1 or more institutions of higher education); or (C) a State, local, or Tribal government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4602 June 27, 2018 
(2) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. (b) G
RANT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in car-rying out the wood innovation grant pro-gram of the Secretary described in the notice of the Secretary entitled ‘‘Request for Pro-posals: 2016 Wood Innovations Funding Op-portunity’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 63498 (October 20, 2015)), may make a wood innovation grant to 1 or more eligible entities each year for the purpose of advancing the use of innovative wood products. (2) P
ROPOSALS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, an eligible enti-ty shall submit to the Secretary a proposal at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. (c) I
NCENTIVIZING USE OF EXISTING MILLING  C
APACITY .—In selecting among proposals of eligible entities under subsection (b)(2), the Secretary shall give priority to proposals that include the use or retrofitting (or both) of existing sawmill facilities located in coun-ties in which the average annual unemploy-ment rate exceeded the national average un-employment rate by more than 1 percent in the previous calendar year. (d) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—As a condi-tion of receiving a grant under subsection (b), an eligible entity shall provide funds equal to the amount received by the eligible entity under the grant, to be derived from non-Federal sources. TITLE IX—ENERGY 
SEC. 9101. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 9001 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8101) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘agri-cultural materials’’ and inserting ‘‘agricul-tural materials, renewable chemicals,’’; (2) in paragraph (7)(A), by striking ‘‘into biofuels and biobased products’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘or an intermediate ingre-dient or feedstock of renewable biomass into any 1 or more, or a combination, of— ‘‘(i) biofuels; ‘‘(ii) renewable chemicals; or ‘‘(iii) biobased products’’; and (3) in paragraph (16)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(C)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘that—’’ in the matter pre-ceding clause (i) and all that follows through the period at the end of clause (ii) and insert-ing ‘‘that produces usable energy from a re-newable energy source.’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘renewable en-ergy system’ includes— ‘‘(i) distribution components necessary to move energy produced by a system described in subparagraph (A) to the initial point of sale; and ‘‘(ii) other components and ancillary infra-structure of a system described in subpara-graph (A), such as a storage system.’’. 
SEC. 9102. BIOBASED MARKETS PROGRAM. 
Section 9002 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8102) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(A)(i)(III), by insert-ing ‘‘, acting through the rural development mission area (referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’)’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) R
ENEWABLE CHEMICALS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this clause, the Secretary shall update the criteria issued under clause (i) to provide cri-teria for determining which renewable chemicals may qualify to receive the label under paragraph (1).’’; (3) in subsection (f), by striking the sub-section designation and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) MANUFACTURERS OF RENEWABLE CHEMI-
CALS AND BIOBASED PRODUCTS .— ‘‘(1) NAICS 
CODES .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly develop North American Industry Classification Sys-tem codes for— ‘‘(A) renewable chemicals manufacturers; and ‘‘(B) biobased products manufacturers. ‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL TESTING CENTER REGISTRY .— The Secretary’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (h) through (j) as subsections (k) through (m), respectively; (5) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(h) E
DUCATION AND OUTREACH .—The Sec- retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, shall provide to appropriate stake-holders education and outreach relating to— ‘‘(1) the Federal procurement of biobased products under subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) the voluntary labeling program under subsection (b). ‘‘(i) S
TREAMLINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish guide-lines for an integrated process under which biobased products may be, in 1 expedited ap-proval process— ‘‘(A) determined to be eligible for a Federal procurement preference under subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) approved to use the ‘USDA Certified Biobased Product’ label under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) I
NITIATION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that a review of a biobased product under the integrated qualification process established pursuant to paragraph (1) may be initiated on receipt of a recommendation or petition from a manufacturer, vendor, or other interested party. ‘‘(3) P
RODUCT DESIGNATIONS .—The Sec-retary may issue a product designation pur-suant to subsection (a)(3)(B), or approve the use of the ‘USDA Certified Biobased Product’ label under subsection (b), through stream-lined procedures, which shall not be subject to chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(j) R
EQUIREMENT OF PROCURING AGEN-
CIES.—A procuring agency (as defined in sub-section (a)(1)) shall not establish regula-tions, guidance, or criteria regarding the procurement of biobased products, pursuant to this section or any other law, that impose limitations on that procurement that are more restrictive than the limitations estab-lished by the Secretary under the regula-tions to implement this section.’’; and (6) in subsection (l) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 9103. BIOREFINERY ASSISTANCE. 
Section 9003 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8103) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pro-duces an advanced biofuel; and’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘produces any 1 or more, or a combination, of— ‘‘(i) an advanced biofuel; ‘‘(ii) a renewable chemical; or ‘‘(iii) a biobased product; and’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘pro-duces an advanced biofuel.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘produces any 1 or more, or a combination, of— ‘‘(i) an advanced biofuel; ‘‘(ii) a renewable chemical; or ‘‘(iii) a biobased product.’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) $100,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(iv) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. SEC. 9104. REPOWERING ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 9004 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8104) is repealed. 
SEC. 9105. BIOENERGY PROGRAM FOR ADVANCED BIOFUEL. 
Section 9005(g) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8105(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 9106. BIODIESEL FUEL EDUCATION PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9006(d)(2) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8106(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 9107. RURAL ENERGY FOR AMERICA PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9007 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107) is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘(g)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(f)’’; (2) by striking subsection (f); (3) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (f); and (4) in subsection (f) (as so redesignated), in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘$20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘$50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 9108. RURAL ENERGY SELF-SUFFICIENCY INITIATIVE. 
Section 9009 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8109) is repealed. 
SEC. 9109. FEEDSTOCK FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM FOR BIOENERGY PRODUCERS. 
Section 9010(b) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8110(b)) is amended, in paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A), by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 9110. BIOMASS CROP ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9011 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8111) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(6)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) algae.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4603 June 27, 2018 
(i) by striking clause (iv); and (ii) by redesignating clauses (v) through (vii) as clauses (iv) through (vi), respec-tively; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘(in-cluding eligible material harvested for the purpose of hazardous woody fuel reduction)’’ after ‘‘material’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Of the funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking the paragraph designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Effective’’ in subparagraph (A) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(3) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Effective’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (B). 
SEC. 9111. BIOGAS RESEARCH AND ADOPTION OF BIOGAS SYSTEMS. 
Title IX of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 is amended by insert-ing after section 9011 (7 U.S.C. 8111) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 9012. BIOGAS RESEARCH AND ADOPTION OF BIOGAS SYSTEMS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
NAEROBIC DIGESTION .—The term ‘an-aerobic digestion’ means a biological process or series of biological processes— ‘‘(A) through which microorganisms break down biodegradable material in the absence of oxygen; and ‘‘(B) the end products of which are biogas and digested materials. ‘‘(2) B
IOGAS .—The term ‘biogas’ means a mixture of primarily methane and carbon di-oxide produced by the bacterial decomposi-tion of organic materials in the absence of oxygen. ‘‘(3) B
IOGAS PROCESSING .—The term ‘biogas processing’ means the process by which water, carbon dioxide, and other trace com-pounds are removed from biogas, as deter-mined by the end user. ‘‘(4) B
IOGAS SYSTEM .—The term ‘biogas sys-tem’ means a system— ‘‘(A) with the potential to capture and use biogas, including biogas from organic waste, including animal manure, food waste, waste from landfills, and wastewater; and ‘‘(B) that includes— ‘‘(i) the infrastructure necessary to man-age the organic waste referred to in subpara-graph (A); ‘‘(ii) the equipment necessary to gen-erate— ‘‘(I) electricity, heat, or fuel; and ‘‘(II) biogas system co-products; and ‘‘(iii) the equipment necessary for biogas processing. ‘‘(5) B
IOGAS SYSTEM CO -PRODUCT .—The term ‘biogas system co-product’ means a non-energy biogas system product produced from digested material, including soil amend-ments, fertilizers, compost, animal bedding, and feedstock for plastics and chemicals. ‘‘(6) D
IGESTED MATERIAL .—The term ‘di-gested material’ means solid or liquid di-gested material— ‘‘(A) produced by digesters; and ‘‘(B) that contains nutrients and organic carbon. ‘‘(b) I
NTERAGENCY BIOGAS OPPORTUNITIES  T
ASKFORCE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary, acting jointly with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator, shall estab-lish an Interagency Biogas Opportunities Task Force (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Task Force’) that shall coordinate poli-cies, programs, and research to accelerate— ‘‘(A) biogas research; and ‘‘(B) investment in cost-effective biogas systems. ‘‘(2) MEMBERSHIP .—The Task Force shall be composed of— ‘‘(A) the head of each Federal office re-sponsible for biogas research or biogas sys-tem financing (or a designee), including a representative from the Department of Agri-culture, the Department of Energy, and the Environmental Protection Agency; ‘‘(B) 1 or more representatives of State or local governments, as determined by the Secretary, the Secretary of Energy, and the Administrator; ‘‘(C) 1 or more nongovernmental or indus-try stakeholders, including 1 or more stake-holders from relevant industries, as deter-mined by the Secretary, the Secretary of En-ergy, and the Administrator; and ‘‘(D) 1 or more community stakeholders. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES OF THE TASK FORCE .—In car- rying out paragraph (1), the Task Force shall— ‘‘(A) evaluate and improve the coordina-tion of loan and grant programs of the Fed-eral agencies represented on the Task Force— ‘‘(i) to broaden the financing options avail-able for biogas systems; and ‘‘(ii) to enhance opportunities for private financing of biogas systems; ‘‘(B) review Federal procurement guide-lines to ensure that products of biogas sys-tems are eligible for and promoted by appli-cable procurement programs of the Federal Government; ‘‘(C) in coordination with the Secretary of Commerce, evaluate the development of North American Industry Classification Sys-tem and North American Product Classifica-tion System codes for biogas and biogas sys-tem products; ‘‘(D) review opportunities and develop strategies to overcome barriers to inte-grating biogas into electricity and renewable natural gas markets; ‘‘(E) develop tools to broaden the market for nonenergy biogas system products, in-cluding by developing best management practices for— ‘‘(i) the use and land application of digestate to maximize recovery of waste re-sources and minimize environmental and public health risks; and ‘‘(ii) the use of carbon dioxide from biogas processing; ‘‘(F) provide information on the ability of biogas system products to participate in markets that provide environmental bene-fits; ‘‘(G) identify and investigate research gaps in biogas and anaerobic digestion tech-nology, including research gaps in environ-mental benefits, market assessment, and performance standards; ‘‘(H) assess the most cost-effective vol-untary investments in biogas to reduce waste and methane emissions; and ‘‘(I) identify and advance additional prior-ities, as determined by the Task Force. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the establishment of the Task Force, the Task Force shall submit to Congress a report that— ‘‘(A) describes the steps taken by the Task Force to carry out the duties of the Task Force under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(B) identifies and prioritizes policies and technology opportunities— ‘‘(i) to expand the biogas industry; ‘‘(ii) to eliminate barriers to investment in biogas systems in the landfill, livestock, wastewater, and other relevant sectors; and ‘‘(iii) to enhance opportunities for private and public sector partnerships to finance biogas systems. ‘‘(c) ADVANCEMENT OF BIOGAS RESEARCH .— ‘‘(1) S
TUDY ON BIOGAS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator, shall enter into an agree-ment with the National Renewable Energy Laboratory to conduct a study relating to biogas. ‘‘(B) S
TUDY .—Under the agreement de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the study con-ducted by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory shall include an analysis of— ‘‘(i) barriers to injecting biogas into exist-ing natural gas pipelines; ‘‘(ii) methods for optimizing biogas sys-tems, including methods to obtain the high-est energy output from biogas, including through the use of co-digestion; ‘‘(iii) opportunities for, and barriers to, the productive use of biogas system co-products, carbon dioxide from biogas processing, and recovered nutrients; ‘‘(iv) the optimal configuration of local, State, or regional infrastructure for the pro-duction of electricity, heat, or fuel from biogas, including infrastructure for the ag-gregation, cleaning, and pipeline injection of biogas; and ‘‘(v) any other subject relating to biogas, as determined by the Interagency Biogas Op-portunities Task Force established under subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the study conducted under this paragraph. ‘‘(2) C
OLLECTION OF DATA FOR BIOGAS MAR -
KETS .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Energy and the Adminis-trator, shall identify, collect, and analyze environmental, technical, and economic per-formance data relating to biogas systems, in-cluding the production of energy of biogas systems, co-products, greenhouse gas and other emissions, water quality benefits, and other data necessary to develop markets for biogas and biogas system co-products.’’. 
SEC. 9112. COMMUNITY WOOD ENERGY PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9013(e) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8113(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 9113. CARBON UTILIZATION EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
Title IX of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 9014. CARBON UTILIZATION EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ARBON DIOXIDE .—The term ‘carbon di-oxide’ means carbon dioxide that is produced as a byproduct of the production of a biobased product. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that— ‘‘(A) is— ‘‘(i) an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under 501(a) of that Code; or ‘‘(ii) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))); ‘‘(B) has demonstrated knowledge about— ‘‘(i) sequestration and utilization of carbon dioxide; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4604 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) aggregation of organic waste from multiple sources into a single biogas system; and ‘‘(C) has a demonstrated ability to conduct educational and technical support programs. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall make competitive grants to eligible en-tities— ‘‘(1) to provide education to the public about the economic and emissions benefits of permanent sequestration or utilization of carbon dioxide; or ‘‘(2) to provide education to biogas pro-ducers about opportunities for aggregation of organic waste from multiple sources into a single biogas system. ‘‘(c) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023— ‘‘(A) $1,000,000 to carry out subsection (b)(1); and ‘‘(B) $1,000,000 to carry out subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(2) D
ISCRETIONARY FUNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023— ‘‘(A) $1,000,000 to carry out subsection (b)(1); and ‘‘(B) $1,000,000 to carry out subsection (b)(2).’’. TITLE X—HORTICULTURE 
SEC. 10101. SPECIALTY CROPS MARKET NEWS AL-LOCATION. 
Section 10107(b) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 1622b(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 10102. LOCAL AGRICULTURE MARKET PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to combine the purposes and coordinate the functions, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, of— (1) the Farmers’ Market and Local Food Promotion Program established under sec-tion 6 of the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976 (7 U.S.C. 3005); and (2) the value-added agricultural product market development grants under section 231(b) of the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1632a(b)). (b) L
OCAL AGRICULTURE MARKET PRO-
GRAM .—Subtitle A of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210A. LOCAL AGRICULTURE MARKET PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) B
EGINNING FARMER OR RANCHER .—The term ‘beginning farmer or rancher’ has the meaning given the term in section 343(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)). ‘‘(2) D
IRECT PRODUCER -TO-CONSUMER MAR -
KETING .—The term ‘direct producer-to-con-sumer marketing’ has the meaning given the term ‘direct marketing from farmers to con-sumers’ in section 3 of the Farmer-to-Con-sumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976 (7 U.S.C. 3002). ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITY .—The term ‘eligible activity’ means an activity described in sub-section (d)(2) that is carried out using a grant provided under subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a producer; ‘‘(B) a producer network or association; ‘‘(C) a farmer or rancher cooperative; ‘‘(D) an agricultural business entity or ma-jority-controlled producer-based business venture; ‘‘(E) a food council; ‘‘(F) a local or Tribal government; ‘‘(G) a nonprofit corporation; ‘‘(H) an economic development corpora-tion; ‘‘(I) a public benefit corporation; ‘‘(J) a community supported agriculture network or association; and ‘‘(K) a regional farmers’ market authority. ‘‘(5) ELIGIBLE PARTNER .—The term ‘eligible partner’ means— ‘‘(A) a State agency or regional authority; ‘‘(B) a philanthropic organization; ‘‘(C) a private corporation; ‘‘(D) an institution of higher education; ‘‘(E) a commercial, Federal, or Farm Cred-it System lending institution; and ‘‘(F) another entity, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) F
AMILY FARM .—The term ‘family farm’ has the meaning given the term in section 231(a) of the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1632a(a)). ‘‘(7) F
OOD COUNCIL .—The term ‘food coun-cil’ means a food policy council or food and farm system network, as determined by the Secretary, that— ‘‘(A) represents— ‘‘(i) multiple organizations involved in the production, processing, and consumption of food; and ‘‘(ii) local, Tribal, and State governments; and ‘‘(B) addresses food and farm-related issues and needs within city, county, State, Tribal region, multicounty region, or other region designated by the food council or food sys-tem network. ‘‘(8) M
AJORITY -CONTROLLED PRODUCER - 
BASED BUSINESS VENTURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘majority-con-trolled producer-based business venture’ means a venture greater than 50 percent of the ownership and control of which is held by— ‘‘(i) 1 or more producers; or ‘‘(ii) 1 or more entities, 100 percent of the ownership and control of which is held by 1 or more producers. ‘‘(B) E
NTITY DESCRIBED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a partnership; ‘‘(ii) a limited liability corporation; ‘‘(iii) a limited liability partnership; and ‘‘(iv) a corporation. ‘‘(9) M
ID-TIER VALUE CHAIN .—The term ‘mid-tier value chain’ means a local or re-gional supply network that links inde-pendent producers with businesses and co-operatives that market value-added agricul-tural products in a manner that— ‘‘(A) targets and strengthens the profit-ability and competitiveness of small and me-dium-sized farms and ranches that are struc-tured as a family farm; and ‘‘(B) obtains agreement from an eligible agricultural producer group, farmer or rancher cooperative, or majority-controlled producer-based business venture that is en-gaged in the value chain on a marketing strategy. ‘‘(10) P
ARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘partner-ship’ means a partnership entered into under an agreement between— ‘‘(A) 1 or more eligible partners; and ‘‘(B) 1 or more eligible entities. ‘‘(11) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘Program’ means the Local Agriculture Market Pro-gram established under subsection (b). ‘‘(12) R
EGIONAL FOOD CHAIN COORDINATION .— The term ‘regional food chain coordination’ means coordination and collaboration along the supply chain to increase connections be-tween producers and markets. ‘‘(13) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. ‘‘(14) S
OCIALLY DISADVANTAGED FARMER OR  
RANCHER .—The term ‘socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher’ has the meaning given the term in section 355(e) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2003(e)). ‘‘(15) VALUE -ADDED AGRICULTURAL PROD -
UCT.—The term ‘value-added agricultural product’ means any agricultural commodity or product that— ‘‘(A)(i) has undergone a change in physical state; ‘‘(ii) was produced in a manner that en-hances the value of the agricultural com-modity or product, as demonstrated through a business plan that shows the enhanced value, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(iii) is physically segregated in a manner that results in the enhancement of the value of the agricultural commodity or product; ‘‘(iv) is a source of farm- or ranch-based re-newable energy, including E–85 fuel; or ‘‘(v) is aggregated and marketed as a lo-cally produced agricultural food product; and ‘‘(B) as a result of the change in physical state or the manner in which the agricul-tural commodity or product was produced, marketed, or segregated— ‘‘(i) the customer base for the agricultural commodity or product is expanded; and ‘‘(ii) a greater portion of the revenue de-rived from the marketing, processing, or physical segregation of the agricultural com-modity or product is available to the pro-ducer of the commodity or product. ‘‘(16) V
ETERAN FARMER OR RANCHER .—The term ‘veteran farmer or rancher’ has the meaning given the term in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE .—The Secretary shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘Local Agriculture Market Program’, that— ‘‘(1) supports the development, coordina-tion, and expansion of— ‘‘(A) direct producer-to-consumer mar-keting; ‘‘(B) local and regional food markets and enterprises; and ‘‘(C) value-added agricultural products; ‘‘(2) connects and cultivates regional food economies through public-private partner-ships; ‘‘(3) supports the development of business plans, feasibility studies, and strategies for local and regional marketing opportunities; ‘‘(4) strengthens capacity and regional food system development through community collaboration and expansion of mid-tier value chains; ‘‘(5) improves income and economic oppor-tunities for producers and food businesses through job creation and improved regional food system infrastructure; and ‘‘(6) simplifies the application processes and the reporting processes for the Program. ‘‘(c) R
EGIONAL PARTNERSHIPS .— ‘‘(1) G
RANTS TO SUPPORT PARTNERSHIPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Agricul-tural Marketing Service, in accordance with the purposes of the Program described in subsection (b), shall provide grants to sup-port partnerships to plan and develop a local or regional food system. ‘‘(B) G
EOGRAPHICAL DIVERSITY .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure geographical diversity in select-ing partnerships to receive grants under sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITIES OF PARTNERSHIPS .—A partnership receiving a grant under para-graph (1) may— ‘‘(A) determine the scope of the regional food system to be developed, including goals, outreach objectives, and eligible activities to be carried out; ‘‘(B) determine the local, regional, State, multi-State, or other geographic area cov-ered; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4605 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(C) create and conduct a feasibility study, implementation plan, and assessment of eli-gible activities under the partnership agree-ment; ‘‘(D) conduct outreach and education to other eligible entities and eligible partners for potential participation in the partnership agreement and eligible activities; ‘‘(E) describe measures to be taken through the partnership agreement to obtain funding for the eligible activities to be car-ried out under the partnership agreement; ‘‘(F) at the request of a producer or eligible entity desiring to participate in eligible ac-tivities under the partnership agreement, act on behalf of the producer or eligible entity in applying for a grant under subsection (d); ‘‘(G) monitor, evaluate, and periodically report to the Secretary on progress made to-ward achieving the objectives of eligible ac-tivities under the partnership agreement; or ‘‘(H) at the conclusion of the partnership agreement, submit to the Secretary a report describing— ‘‘(i) the results and effects of the partner-ship agreement; and ‘‘(ii) funds provided under paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) C
ONTRIBUTION .—A partnership receiv-ing a grant under paragraph (1) shall provide funding in an amount equal to not less than 25 percent of the total amount of the Federal portion of the grant. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a grant under paragraph (1), a partnership shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary considers necessary to evaluate and select applications. ‘‘(B) C
OMPETITIVE PROCESS .—The Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) shall conduct a competitive process to select applications submitted under subpara-graph (A); ‘‘(ii) may assess and rank applications with similar purposes as a group; and ‘‘(iii) shall make public the criteria to be used in evaluating applications prior to ac-cepting applications. ‘‘(C) P
RIORITY TO CERTAIN APPLICATIONS .— The Secretary may give priority to applica-tions submitted under subparagraph (A) that— ‘‘(i)(I) leverage significant non-Federal fi-nancial and technical resources; and ‘‘(II) coordinate with other local, State, Tribal, or national efforts; and ‘‘(ii) cover an area that includes distressed low-income rural or urban communities, in-cluding areas with persistent poverty. ‘‘(D) P
RODUCER OR FOOD BUSINESS BENE -
FITS.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), an application submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include a description of the direct or indirect producer or food business benefits intended by the eligible en-tity to result from the proposed project within a reasonable period of time after the receipt of a grant. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to a planning or feasibility project. ‘‘(5) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—On request of an eligible entity, an eligible partner, or a partnership, the Secretary may provide tech-nical assistance in carrying out a partner-ship agreement. ‘‘(d) D
EVELOPMENT GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the Program, the Secretary may provide grants to eligible en-tities to carry out, in accordance with pur-poses of the Program described in subsection (b), activities described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible enti-ty may use a grant provided under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) to support and promote— ‘‘(i) domestic direct producer-to-consumer marketing; ‘‘(ii) farmers’ markets; ‘‘(iii) roadside stands; ‘‘(iv) agritourism activities, ‘‘(v) community-supported agriculture pro-grams; or ‘‘(vi) online sales; ‘‘(B) to support local and regional food business enterprises that engage as inter-mediaries in indirect producer-to-consumer marketing; ‘‘(C) to support the processing, aggrega-tion, distribution, and storage of local and regional food products that are marketed lo-cally or regionally; ‘‘(D) to encourage the development of new food products and value-added agricultural products; ‘‘(E) to assist with business development and feasibility studies; ‘‘(F) to develop marketing strategies for producers of local food products and value- added agricultural products in new and exist-ing markets; ‘‘(G) to facilitate regional food chain co-ordination and mid-tier value chain develop-ment; ‘‘(H) to promote new business opportuni-ties and marketing strategies to reduce on- farm food waste; ‘‘(I) to respond to changing technology needs in direct producer-to-consumer mar-keting; or ‘‘(J) to cover expenses relating to costs in-curred in— ‘‘(i) obtaining food safety certification; and ‘‘(ii) making changes and upgrades to prac-tices and equipment to improve food safety. ‘‘(3) CRITERIA AND GUIDELINES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish criteria and guidelines for the sub-mission, evaluation, and funding of proposed projects under paragraph (1) as the Secretary determines are appropriate. ‘‘(B) P
RODUCER OR FOOD BUSINESS BENE -
FITS.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), an application submitted for a grant under paragraph (1) shall include a de-scription of the direct or indirect producer or food business benefits intended by the eligi-ble entity to result from the proposed project within a reasonable period of time after the receipt of the grant. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to a planning or feasibility project. ‘‘(4) A
MOUNT .—Unless otherwise deter-mined by the Secretary, the amount of a grant under this subsection shall be not more than $500,000. ‘‘(5) D
EVELOPMENT GRANTS AVAILABLE TO  
PRODUCERS .—In the case of a grant provided under paragraph (1) to an eligible entity de-scribed in any of subparagraphs (A) through (D) of subsection (a)(4), the following shall apply: ‘‘(A) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall carry out this subsection through the Ad-ministrator of the Rural Business-Coopera-tive Service, in coordination with the Ad-ministrator of the Agricultural Marketing Service. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITIES .—The Secretary shall give priority to applications— ‘‘(i) in the case of an application submitted by a producer, that are submitted by, or serve— ‘‘(I) beginning farmers or ranchers; ‘‘(II) socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers; ‘‘(III) operators of small or medium sized farms or ranches that are structured as fam-ily farms; or ‘‘(IV) veteran farmers or ranchers; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of an application sub-mitted by an eligible entity described in any of subparagraphs (B) through (D) of sub-section (a)(4), that provide the greatest con-tribution to creating or increasing mar-keting opportunities for producers described in subclauses (I) through (IV) of clause (i). ‘‘(C) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), an eligible entity may not use a grant for the purchase or construction of a building, general purpose equipment, or structure. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—An eligible entity may use not more than $6,500 of the amount of a grant for an eligible activity described in paragraph (2)(J) to purchase or upgrade equipment to improve food safety. ‘‘(D) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—An eligible entity receiving a grant shall provide matching funds in the form of cash or an in-kind con-tribution in an amount that is equal to 50 percent of the total amount of the grant. ‘‘(6) D
EVELOPMENT GRANTS FOR OTHER ELIGI -
BLE ENTITIES .—In the case of a grant pro-vided under paragraph (1) to an eligible enti-ty described in any of subparagraphs (E) through (K) of subsection (a)(4), the fol-lowing shall apply: ‘‘(A) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall carry out this subsection through the Ad-ministrator of the Agricultural Marketing Service, in coordination with the Adminis-trator of the Rural Business-Cooperative Service. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITIES .—The Secretary shall give priority to applications that— ‘‘(i) benefit underserved communities, in-cluding communities that are located in areas of concentrated poverty with limited access to fresh locally or regionally grown food; or ‘‘(ii) are used to carry out eligible activi-ties under a partnership agreement under subsection (c). ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), an eligible entity may not use a grant for the purchase or construction of a building, general purpose equipment, or structure. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—An eligible entity may use not more than $6,500 of the amount of a grant for an eligible activity described in paragraph (2)(J) to purchase or upgrade equipment to improve food safety. ‘‘(D) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—An eligible entity receiving a grant shall provide matching funds in the form of cash or an in-kind con-tribution in an amount that is equal to 25 percent of the total amount of the Federal portion of the grant. ‘‘(e) S
IMPLIFICATION OF APPLICATION AND  R
EPORTING PROCESSES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATIONS .—The Secretary shall establish a simplified application form for el-igible entities that— ‘‘(A) request less than $50,000 under sub-section (d); or ‘‘(B) apply for grants under subsection (d) through partnership agreements under sub-section (c). ‘‘(2) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) streamline and simplify the reporting process for eligible entities; and ‘‘(B) obtain from eligible entities and maintain such information as the Secretary determines is necessary to administer and evaluate the Program. ‘‘(f) C
OOPERATIVE EXTENSION SERVICE .—In carrying out the Program, the Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Ag-ricultural Marketing Service or the Admin-istrator of the Rural Business Cooperative Service, may coordinate with a cooperative extension service to provide Program tech-nical assistance and outreach to eligible en-tities and eligible partners. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4606 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(g) I NTERDEPARTMENTAL COORDINATION .— In carrying out the Program, to the max-imum extent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure coordination among Federal agencies. ‘‘(h) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Using amounts made available under subsection (i)(3)(E), the Sec-retary shall conduct an evaluation of the Program that— ‘‘(A) measures the economic impact of the Program on new and existing market out-comes; ‘‘(B) measures the effectiveness of the Pro-gram in improving and expanding— ‘‘(i) the regional food economy through public and private partnerships; ‘‘(ii) the production of value-added agricul-tural products; ‘‘(iii) producer-to-consumer marketing, in-cluding direct producer-to-consumer mar-keting; ‘‘(iv) local and regional food systems, in-cluding regional food chain coordination and business development; ‘‘(v) new business opportunities and mar-keting strategies to reduce on-farm food waste; ‘‘(vi) the use of new technologies in pro-ducer-to-consumer marketing, including di-rect producer-to-consumer marketing; and ‘‘(vii) the workforce and capacity of re-gional food systems; and ‘‘(C) provides a description of— ‘‘(i) each partnership agreement; and ‘‘(ii) each grant provided under subsection (d). ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report de-scribing the evaluation conducted under paragraph (1), including a thorough analysis of the outcomes of the evaluation. ‘‘(i) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use to carry out this section $60,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, to remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) R
EGIONAL PARTNERSHIPS .—Of the funds made available to carry out this sec-tion for a fiscal year, 10 percent shall be used to provide grants to support partnerships under subsection (c). ‘‘(B) D
EVELOPMENT GRANTS FOR PRO -
DUCERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), of the funds made available to carry out this section for a fiscal year, 35 percent shall be used for grants under subsection (d)(5). ‘‘(ii) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(I) M
AJORITY -CONTROLLED PRODUCER - 
BASED BUSINESS VENTURES .—The total amount of grants under subsection (d)(5) pro-vided to majority-controlled producer-based business ventures for a fiscal year shall not exceed 10 percent of the amount allocated under clause (i). ‘‘(II) B
EGINNING , VETERAN , AND SOCIALLY  
DISADVANTAGED FARMERS AND RANCHERS .—Of the funds made available for grants under subsection (d)(5), 10 percent shall be reserved for grants provided to beginning, veteran, and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranch-ers. ‘‘(III) M
ID-TIER VALUE CHAINS .—Of the funds made available for grants under subsection (d)(5), 10 percent shall be reserved for grants to develop mid-tier value chains. ‘‘(IV) FOOD SAFETY ASSISTANCE .—Of the funds made available for grants under sub-section (d)(5), not more than 25 percent shall be reserved for grants for eligible activities described in subsection (d)(2)(J). ‘‘(C) D
EVELOPMENT GRANTS FOR OTHER ELI -
GIBLE ENTITIES .—Of the funds made available to carry out this section for a fiscal year, 47 percent shall be used for grants under sub-section (d)(6). ‘‘(D) U
NOBLIGATED FUNDS .—Any funds under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) that are not obligated for the uses described in that subparagraph, as applicable, by September 30 of the fiscal year for which the funds were made available— ‘‘(i) shall be available to the agency car-rying out the Program with the unobligated funds to carry out any function of the Pro-gram, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) may carry over to the next fiscal year. ‘‘(E) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Not greater than 8 percent of amounts made available to provide grants under subsections (c) and (d)(6) for a fiscal year may be used for administrative expenses.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) A
GRICULTURAL MARKETING RESOURCE  
CENTER PILOT PROJECT .—Section 231 of the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1632a) is amended— (A) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘
AGRICULTURAL MARKETING RESOURCE  
CENTER PILOT PROJECT .’’; (B) by striking subsections (a), (b), (d), and (e); (C) in subsection (c)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (ii) by striking the subsection designation and heading; (D) in subsection (a) (as so redesignated)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and all that follows through ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘The Secretary shall not use more than 2.5 percent of the funds made available to carry out the Local Agri-culture Market Program established under section 210A of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to establish a pilot project (to be known as the ‘Agricultural Marketing Re-source Center’) at an eligible institution de-scribed in subsection (b)’’; and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (E) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as paragraphs (1) through (3), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; and (ii) in paragraph (1) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’. (2) A
GRICULTURE INNOVATION CENTER DEM -
ONSTRATION PROGRAM .—Section 6402(f) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 1632b(f)) is amended in the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘sec-tion 231(d) of the Agricultural Risk Protec-tion Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 1621 note; Public Law 106–224))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 210A(d)(2) of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946’’. (3) L
OCAL FOOD PRODUCTION AND PROGRAM  
EVALUATION .—Section 10016(b)(3)(B) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 2204h(b)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Farmers’ Market and Local Food Pro-motion Program established under section 6 of the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Mar-keting Act of 1976 (7 U.S.C. 3005)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Local Agriculture Market Program es-tablished under section 210A of the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946’’. (4) PROGRAM METRICS .—Section 6209(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 2207b(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) section 210A of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946;’’. (5) F
ARMER -TO-CONSUMER DIRECT MAR -
KETING ACT OF 1976 .— (A) Section 4 of the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976 (7 U.S.C. 3003) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion.’’. (B) Sections 6, 7, and 8 of the Farmer-to- Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976 (7 U.S.C. 3005, 3006; 90 Stat. 1983) are repealed. 
SEC. 10103. ORGANIC PRODUCTION AND MARKET DATA INITIATIVES. 
Section 7407(d) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 5925c(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH FISCAL YEAR 2012 ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘$5,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended.’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘, to remain available until ex-pended— ‘‘(A) $5,000,000 for each of the periods of fis-cal years 2008 through 2012 and 2014 through 2018; and ‘‘(B) $5,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (4) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 10104. ORGANIC CERTIFICATION. 
(a) E XCLUSIONS FROM CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue regula-tions to limit the type of organic operations that are excluded from certification under section 205.101 of title 7, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, and from certification under any other related sections under part 205 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2103 of the Or-ganic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6502) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN OPERATIONS .—When used in the context of a certifying agent operating in a foreign country, the term ‘certifying agent’ includes a certifying agent— ‘‘(i) accredited in accordance with section 2106(b)(1); or ‘‘(ii) accredited by a foreign government that acted under an equivalency arrange-ment negotiated between the United States and the foreign government.’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through (21) as paragraphs (14) through (22), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (12) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(13) N
ATIONAL ORGANIC PROGRAM IMPORT  
CERTIFICATE .—The term ‘national organic program import certificate’ means a form developed for purposes of the program under this title— ‘‘(A) to provide documentation sufficient to verify that an agricultural product im-ported for sale in the United States satisfies the requirement under section 2106(b)(1); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4607 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(B) which shall include, at a minimum, information sufficient to indicate, with re-spect to the agricultural product— ‘‘(i) the origin; ‘‘(ii) the destination; ‘‘(iii) the certifying agent issuing the na-tional organic program import certificate; ‘‘(iv) the harmonized tariff code, if a har-monized tariff code exists for the agricul-tural product; ‘‘(v) the total weight; and ‘‘(vi) the organic standard to which the ag-ricultural product is certified.’’. (c) D
OCUMENTATION AND TRACEABILITY EN-
HANCEMENT ; D ATA COLLECTION .—Section 2106(b) of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6505(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Imported’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) A
CCREDITATION OF FOREIGN ORGANIC  
CERTIFICATION PROGRAM .—Imported’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) I
MPORT CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
MPORT CERTIFICATES .—For an agricul-tural product being imported into the United States to be represented as organically pro-duced, the Secretary shall require the agri-cultural product to be accompanied by a complete and valid national organic program import certificate, which shall be available as an electronic record. ‘‘(B) T
RACKING SYSTEM .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a system to track national organic program import certificates. ‘‘(ii) I
NTEGRATION .—In establishing the sys-tem under clause (i), the Secretary may inte-grate the system into any existing informa-tion tracking systems for imports of agricul-tural products. ‘‘(3) M
ODERNIZATION OF TRADE TRACKING  
AND DATA COLLECTION SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall modernize international trade tracking and data collection systems of the national or-ganic program established under this title. ‘‘(B) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall modernize trade and transaction certificates to ensure full traceability to the port of entry without unduly hindering trade, such as through an electronic trade document exchange system. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—On an annual basis, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make publically available on the website of the Department of Agriculture a report pro-viding detailed quantitative data on imports of organically produced agricultural prod-ucts accepted into the United States during the year covered by the report. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The data described in subparagraph (A) shall be broken down by agricultural product type, quantity, value, and month. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—Any data that is specific enough to be protected as confidential busi-ness information shall not be provided in the report under subparagraph (A).’’. (d) A
CCREDITATION PROGRAM .—Section 2115 of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6514) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) O
VERSIGHT OF SATELLITE OFFICES AND  F
OREIGN OPERATIONS .—As part of the accred-itation of certifying agents under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall oversee any certi-fying agent operating in a foreign country.’’; and (3) in subsection (d) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘section shall’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘section— ‘‘(1) subject to paragraph (2), shall’’; and (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (i) by striking ‘‘of’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary, and may’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Secretary; ‘‘(2) in the case of a certifying agent oper-ating in a foreign country, shall be for a pe-riod of time that is consistent with the cer-tification of a domestic certifying agent, as determined appropriate by the Secretary; and ‘‘(3) may’’. (e) NATIONAL ORGANIC STANDARDS BOARD .— Section 2119(i) of the Organic Foods Produc-tion Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6518(i)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘Two-thirds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—2⁄3’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL LIST .—Any vote on a motion proposing to amend the national list shall be considered to be a decisive vote that requires 
2⁄3of the votes cast at a meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present to prevail.’’. (f) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—Section 2120(b) of the Organic Foods Production Act (7 U.S.C. 6519(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION SHARING DURING ACTIVE  
INVESTIGATION .—In carrying out this title, all parties conducting an active investiga-tion under this subsection (including certi-fying agents, State organic certification pro-grams, and the national organic program) shall share confidential business information with Federal and State government officers and employees and certifying agents in-volved in the investigation as necessary to fully investigate and enforce potential viola-tions of this title. ‘‘(4) E
XPEDITED PROCEDURES FOR FOREIGN  
OPERATIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish expedited investigative procedures under this subsection to review the accredi-tation of a certifying agent operating in a foreign country under any of the cir-cumstances described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) E
XPEDITED PROCEDURES .—The Sec-retary shall promptly carry out expedited in-vestigative procedures established under subparagraph (A) to review the accreditation of a certifying agent operating in a foreign country if— ‘‘(i) the accreditation of the certifying agent is revoked by a foreign government— ‘‘(I) operating an organic certification pro-gram described in section 2106(b)(1); or ‘‘(II) that acted under an equivalency ar-rangement negotiated between the United States and the foreign government; or ‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that there is a sudden and substantial increase in the rate and quantity of imports of an individual or-ganically produced agricultural product from the foreign country, in which case the expedited investigative procedures shall be carried out with respect to each certifying agent of that agricultural product in that foreign country.’’. (g) D
ATAORGANIZATION AND ACCESS .—Sec- tion 2122 of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6521) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(c) D
ATARELATING TO IMPORTS OF ORGANI -
CALLY PRODUCED AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS .— ‘‘(1) A
CCESS TO DATA DOCUMENTATION SYS -
TEMS .—The head of each Federal agency that administers a cross-border documentation system shall provide to the head of each other Federal agency that administers such a system access to available data from the system, including— ‘‘(A) the Automated Commercial Environ-ment system of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(B) the Phytosanitary Certificate Issuance and Tracking System of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service. ‘‘(2) DATA COLLECTION AND ORGANIZATION  
SYSTEM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a new system or modify an existing data collection and organization system to collect and organize in a single system quan-titative data on imports of each organically produced agricultural product accepted into the United States. ‘‘(B) A
CCESS .—The single system under subparagraph (A) shall be accessible by any agency with the authority to engage in— ‘‘(i) inspection of imports of agricultural products; ‘‘(ii) trade data collection and organiza-tion; or ‘‘(iii) enforcement of trade requirements for organically produced agricultural prod-ucts.’’. (h) O
RGANIC AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT IM-
PORTS INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .—The Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 is amended by inserting after section 2122 (7 U.S.C. 6521) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2122A. ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT IMPORTS INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly establish a working group to facilitate co-ordination and information sharing between the Department of Agriculture and U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection relating to im-ports of organically produced agricultural products (referred to in this section as the ‘working group’). ‘‘(2) M
EMBERS .—The working group— ‘‘(A) shall include— ‘‘(i) the Secretary (or a designee); and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee); and ‘‘(B) shall not include any non-Federal offi-cer or employee. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The working group shall fa-cilitate coordination and information shar-ing between the Department of Agriculture and U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the purposes of— ‘‘(A) identifying imports of organically produced agricultural products; ‘‘(B) verifying the authenticity of organi-cally produced agricultural product import documentation, such as national organic program import certificates; ‘‘(C) ensuring imported agricultural prod-ucts represented as organically produced meet the requirements under this title; ‘‘(D) collecting and organizing quan-titative data on imports of organically pro-duced agricultural products; and ‘‘(E) reporting to Congress on— ‘‘(i) enforcement activity carried out by the Department of Agriculture or U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection in the United States or abroad; and ‘‘(ii) barriers to preventing agricultural products fraudulently represented as organi-cally produced from entry into the United States. ‘‘(4) D
ESIGNATED EMPLOYEES AND OFFI -
CIALS .—An employee or official designated to carry out the duties of the Secretary or the Secretary of Homeland Security on the working group under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (2) shall be an employee or offi-cial compensated at a rate of pay not less than the minimum annual rate of basic pay for GS–12 under section 5332 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(b) R
EPORTS .—On an annual basis, the working group shall submit to Congress and make publically available on the websites of the Department of Agriculture and U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection the following re-ports: ‘‘(1) O
RGANIC TRADE ENFORCEMENT INTER -
AGENCY COORDINATION REPORT .—A report— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4608 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) identifying existing barriers to co-operation between the agencies involved in agricultural product import inspection, trade data collection and organization, and organically produced agricultural product trade enforcement, including— ‘‘(i) U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(ii) the Agricultural Marketing Service; and ‘‘(iii) the Animal and Plant Health Inspec-tion Service; ‘‘(B) assessing progress toward integrating organic trade enforcement into import in-spection procedures of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, including an as-sessment of— ‘‘(i) the status of the development of sys-tems for— ‘‘(I) tracking the fumigation of imports of organically produced agricultural products into the United States; and ‘‘(II) electronically verifying national or-ganic program import certificate authen-ticity; and ‘‘(ii) training of U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel on— ‘‘(I) the use of the systems described in clause (i); and ‘‘(II) requirements and protocols under this title; ‘‘(C) establishing outcome-based goals for ensuring imports of agricultural products represented as organically produced meet the requirements under this title; ‘‘(D) recommending steps to improve the documentation and traceability of imported organically produced agricultural products; ‘‘(E) recommending and describing steps toward the goals of— ‘‘(i) achieving complete compliance with the requirements of this title for all agricul-tural products imported into the United States and represented as organically pro-duced; and ‘‘(ii) ensuring accurate labeling and mar-keting of imported agricultural products represented as organically produced by the exporter; ‘‘(F) providing a timeline for implementing the steps described in subparagraph (E); ‘‘(G) identifying additional resources need-ed to achieve any unmet goals; and ‘‘(H) describing staffing needs at U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and the Depart-ment of Agriculture to achieve the goals for ensuring organic integrity described in the report. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT ON ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS  
TAKEN ON ORGANIC IMPORTS .—A report— ‘‘(A) providing detailed quantitative data (broken down by commodity type, quantity, value, month, and origin) on imports of agri-cultural products represented as organically produced found to be fraudulent or lacking any documentation required under this title at the port of entry during the report year; ‘‘(B) providing data on domestic enforce-ment actions taken on imported agricultural products represented as organically pro-duced, including— ‘‘(i) the number and type of actions taken by United States officials at ports of entry in response to violations of this title; and ‘‘(ii) the total quantity and value of the ag-ricultural products that were the subject of the actions, broken down by product variety and country of origin; ‘‘(C) providing data on fumigation of agri-cultural products represented as organically produced at ports of entry and notifications of fumigation actions to shipment owners, broken down by product variety and country of origin; and ‘‘(D) providing information on enforcement activities under this title involving overseas investigations and compliance actions taken within that year, including— ‘‘(i) the number of investigations by coun-try; and ‘‘(ii) a descriptive summary of compliance actions taken by certifying agents in each country.’’. (i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 2123 of the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6522) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘
FUNDING ’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking para-graphs (1) through (7) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(2) $16,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $18,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(4) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(5) $22,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(6) $24,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) M
ODERNIZATION OF TRADE TRACKING  
ANDDATACOLLECTION SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out section 2106(b)(3) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, to remain avail-able until expended. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNT .—The amount made available under paragraph (1) shall be in addition to any other amounts made available to carry out section 2106(b)(3).’’. (j) T
RADE SAVINGS PROVISION .—The amend-ments made by subsections (c), (d), and (f) shall be carried out in a manner consistent with United States obligations under inter-national agreements. 
SEC. 10105. NATIONAL ORGANIC CERTIFICATION COST-SHARE PROGRAM. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF DIRECTED DELEGA -
TION.—Section 10606(a) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 6523(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘(acting through the Agricultural Marketing Serv-ice)’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Section 10606 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 6523) is amended by striking sub-section (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall make available to carry out this section $11,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
SEC. 10106. FOOD SAFETY EDUCATION INITIA-TIVES. 
Section 10105(c) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7655a(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 10107. SPECIALTY CROP BLOCK GRANTS. 
Section 101 of the Specialty Crops Com-petitiveness Act of 2004 (7 U.S.C. 1621 note; Public Law 108–465) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall identify’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(1) identify’’; (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘plan and indicate’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘plan; ‘‘(2) indicate’’; (C) in paragraph (2) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘crops.’’ and inserting ‘‘crops at the national, regional, and local levels;’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) include performance measures devel-oped by the State department of agriculture, in consultation with specialty crop stake-holders, to be used as the primary means for performing an evaluation; and ‘‘(4) provide best practices for methods used to enhance the competitiveness of spe-cialty crops across multiple commodities, types of production, and geographic loca-tions.’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) ACCEPTANCE OR REJECTION .—The Sec- retary’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (2) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘In review-ing’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In reviewing’’; and (C) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (i) by striking ‘‘would carry’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘would— ‘‘(A) carry’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘(a).’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a); and ‘‘(B) meet the requirements described in subsection (e).’’; (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANDEVALUATION ’’ after ‘‘A UDIT’’; (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Not later than 30 days after the completion of the audit,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION OF AUDIT .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of the audit under paragraph (1)(A),’’; (C) in the matter preceding paragraph (2) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘For each’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each’’; and (D) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (i) by striking ‘‘conduct an audit’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘conduct— ‘‘(A) an audit’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘State.’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘State; and ‘‘(B) an evaluation of performance meas-ures developed under subsection (e)(3).’’; (5) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘4’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘8’’ and inserting ‘‘9’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) G
UIDANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, prior to the submission of State plans under subsection (d), the Secretary shall provide guidance to States regarding best practices and national and regional priorities. ‘‘(B) N
ATIONAL AND REGIONAL PRIORITIES .— National and regional priorities described in subparagraph (A) shall be— ‘‘(i) based on formal stakeholder input; and ‘‘(ii) considered by the Secretary as States develop State plans under subsection (d). ‘‘(4) M
ULTISTATE PROJECTS .—Notwith- standing subsection (a) and paragraph (1), the Administrator of the Agricultural Mar-keting Service shall administer the funds of approved multistate projects under sub-section (j).’’; and (6) in subsection (l)(2)(E), by inserting ‘‘and each fiscal year thereafter’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 10108. PLANT VARIETY PROTECTION. 
Section 42(a) of the Plant Variety Protec-tion Act (7 U.S.C. 2402(a)) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘or tuber propagated’’ and inserting ‘‘tuber propagated or asexually propagated’’. 
SEC. 10109. MULTIPLE CROP AND PESTICIDE USE SURVEY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of the Office of Pest Management Policy, shall conduct a mul-tiple crop and pesticide use survey of farmers to collect data for risk assessment modeling and mitigation for an active ingredient. (b) S
UBMISSION .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency and make pub-lically available the survey described in sub-section (a). (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4609 June 27, 2018 
carry out this section $2,500,000, to remain available until expended. (d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .—Sec- tion 1770 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 2276) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) In the case’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In the case’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘sub-section (d)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (12) or (13) of subsection (d)’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘(d) For purposes’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(d) P
ROVISIONS OF LAWREFERENCES .—For purposes’’; (B) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (12), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) section 10109 of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018.’’. 
SEC. 10110. CLARIFICATION OF USE OF FUNDS FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
Section 11 of the Commodity Credit Cor-poration Charter Act (15 U.S.C. 714i) is amended in the last sentence by inserting after ‘‘activities’’ the following: ‘‘but exclud-ing any amounts used to provide technical assistance under title X of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 or an amendment made by that title.’’. 
SEC. 10111. HEMP PRODUCTION. 
The Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle G—Hemp Production 
‘‘SEC. 297A. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) H
EMP.—The term ‘hemp’ means the plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of that plant, including the seeds thereof and all de-rivatives, extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers, whether growing or not, with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis. ‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. ‘‘(4) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means— ‘‘(A) a State; ‘‘(B) the District of Columbia; ‘‘(C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and ‘‘(D) any other territory or possession of the United States. ‘‘(5) S
TATE DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE .— The term ‘State department of agriculture’ means the agency, commission, or depart-ment of a State government responsible for agriculture in the State. ‘‘(6) T
RIBAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘Trib-al government’ means the governing body of an Indian tribe. 
‘‘SEC. 297B. STATE AND TRIBAL PLANS. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State or Indian tribe desiring to have primary regulatory author-ity over the production of hemp in the State or territory of the Indian tribe shall submit to the Secretary, through the State depart-ment of agriculture (in consultation with the Governor and chief law enforcement officer of the State) or the Tribal government, as applicable, a plan under which the State or Indian tribe monitors and regulates that pro-duction as described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—A State or Tribal plan re-ferred to in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall only be required to include— ‘‘(i) a practice to maintain relevant infor-mation regarding land on which hemp is pro-duced in the State or territory of the Indian tribe, including a legal description of the land, for a period of not less than 3 calendar years; ‘‘(ii) a procedure for testing, using post- decarboxylation or other similarly reliable methods, delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol con-centration levels of hemp produced in the State or territory of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(iii) a procedure for the effective disposal of products that are produced in violation of this subtitle; ‘‘(iv) a procedure to comply with the en-forcement procedures under subsection (d); ‘‘(v) a procedure for conducting annual in-spections of a random sample of hemp pro-ducers— ‘‘(I) to verify that hemp is not produced in violation of this subtitle; and ‘‘(II) in a manner that ensures that a hemp producer is subject to not more than 1 in-spection each year; and ‘‘(vi) a certification that the State or In-dian tribe has the resources and personnel to carry out the practices and procedures de-scribed in clauses (i) through (v); and ‘‘(B) may include any other practice or procedure established by a State or Indian tribe, as applicable, to the extent that the practice or procedure is consistent with this subtitle. ‘‘(3) RELATION TO STATE AND TRIBAL LAW .— ‘‘(A) N
O PREEMPTION .—Nothing in this sub-section preempts or limits any law of a State or Indian tribe regulating the production of hemp, to the extent that law is consistent with this subtitle. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES IN PLANS .—A State or Tribal plan referred to in paragraph (1) may include a reference to a law of the State or Indian tribe regulating the production of hemp, to the extent that law is consistent with this subtitle. ‘‘(b) A
PPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after receipt of a State or Tribal plan under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) approve the State or Tribal plan if the State or Tribal plan complies with sub-section (a); or ‘‘(B) disapprove the State or Tribal plan only if the State or Tribal plan does not comply with subsection (a). ‘‘(2) A
MENDED PLANS .—If the Secretary dis-approves a State or Tribal plan under para-graph (1)(B), the State, through the State de-partment of agriculture (in consultation with the Governor and chief law enforcement officer of the State) or the Tribal govern-ment, as applicable, may submit to the Sec-retary an amended State or Tribal plan that complies with subsection (a). ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary may consult with the Attorney General in car-rying out this subsection. ‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-retary may provide technical assistance to a State or Indian tribe in the development of a State or Tribal plan under subsection (a). ‘‘(d) V
IOLATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A violation of a State or Tribal plan approved under subsection (b) shall be subject to enforcement solely in ac-cordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) N
EGLIGENT VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A hemp producer in a State or the territory of an Indian tribe for which a State or Tribal plan is approved under subsection (b) shall be subject to sub-paragraph (B) of this paragraph if the State department of agriculture or Tribal govern-ment, as applicable, determines that the hemp producer has negligently violated the State or Tribal plan, including by neg-ligently— ‘‘(i) failing to provide a legal description of land on which the producer produces hemp; ‘‘(ii) failing to obtain a license or other re-quired authorization from the State depart-ment of agriculture or Tribal government, as applicable; or ‘‘(iii) producing Cannabis sativa L. with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis. ‘‘(B) CORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN .—A hemp producer described in subparagraph (A) shall comply with a plan established by the State department of agriculture or Tribal govern-ment, as applicable, to correct the negligent violation, including— ‘‘(i) a reasonable date by which the hemp producer shall correct the negligent viola-tion; and ‘‘(ii) a requirement that the hemp producer shall periodically report to the State depart-ment of agriculture or Tribal government, as applicable, on the compliance of the hemp producer with the State or Tribal plan for a period of not less than the next 2 calendar years. ‘‘(C) R
ESULT OF NEGLIGENT VIOLATION .—Ex- cept as provided in subparagraph (D), a hemp producer that negligently violates a State or Tribal plan under subparagraph (A) shall not as a result of that violation be subject to any criminal or civil enforcement action by the Federal Government or any State govern-ment, Tribal government, or local govern-ment other than the enforcement action au-thorized under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) R
EPEAT VIOLATIONS .—A hemp pro-ducer that negligently violates a State or Tribal plan under subparagraph (A) 3 times in a 5-year period shall be ineligible to produce hemp for a period of 5 years begin-ning on the date of the third violation. ‘‘(3) O
THER VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the State department of agriculture or Tribal government in a State or the territory of an Indian tribe for which a State or Tribal plan is approved under subsection (b), as applicable, deter-mines that a hemp producer in the State or territory has violated the State or Tribal plan with a culpable mental state greater than negligence— ‘‘(i) the State department of agriculture or Tribal government, as applicable, shall im-mediately report the hemp producer to— ‘‘(I) the Attorney General; and ‘‘(II) in the case of a State department of agriculture, the chief law enforcement offi-cer of the State; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (1) of this subsection shall not apply to the violation. ‘‘(B) F
ELONY .—Any person convicted of a felony relating to a controlled substance under State or Federal law shall be ineli-gible— ‘‘(i) to participate in the program estab-lished under this section; and ‘‘(ii) to produce hemp under any regula-tions or guidelines issued under section 297D(a). ‘‘(C) F
ALSE STATEMENT .—Any person who materially falsifies any information con-tained in an application to participate in the program established under this section shall be ineligible to participate in that program. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion. ‘‘(f) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section pro-hibits the production of hemp in a State or the territory of an Indian tribe for which a State or Tribal plan is not approved under this section in accordance with section 297C or other Federal laws (including regula-tions). 
‘‘SEC. 297C. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE. 
‘‘(a) D EPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE PLAN.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4610 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a State or Indian tribe for which a State or Tribal plan is not approved under section 297B, the pro-duction of hemp in that State or the terri-tory of that Indian tribe shall be subject to a plan established by the Secretary to mon-itor and regulate that production in accord-ance with paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—A plan established by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) a practice to maintain relevant infor-mation regarding land on which hemp is pro-duced in the State or territory of the Indian tribe, including a legal description of the land, for a period of not less than 3 calendar years; ‘‘(B) a procedure for testing, using post- decarboxylation or other similarly reliable methods, delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol con-centration levels of hemp produced in the State or territory of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(C) a procedure for the effective disposal of products that are produced in violation of this subtitle; ‘‘(D) a procedure to comply with the en-forcement procedures under subsection (c)(2); ‘‘(E) a procedure for conducting annual in-spections of a random sample of hemp pro-ducers— ‘‘(i) to verify that hemp is not produced in violation of this subtitle; and ‘‘(ii) in a manner that ensures that a hemp producer is subject to not more than 1 in-spection each year; and ‘‘(F) such other practices or procedures as the Secretary considers to be appropriate, to the extent that the practice or procedure is consistent with this subtitle. ‘‘(b) L
ICENSING .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a procedure to issue licenses to hemp producers in accordance with a plan estab-lished under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) V
IOLATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a State or Indian tribe for which a State or Tribal plan is not approved under section 297B, it shall be unlawful to produce hemp in that State or the territory of that Indian tribe without a license issued by the Secretary under sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) N
EGLIGENT AND OTHER VIOLATIONS .—A violation of a plan established under sub-section (a) shall be subject to enforcement in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of sec-tion 297B(d), except that the Secretary shall carry out that enforcement instead of a State department of agriculture or Tribal government. ‘‘(3) R
EPORTING TO ATTORNEY GENERAL .—In the case of a State or Indian tribe covered by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall report the production of hemp without a license issued by the Secretary under subsection (b) to the Attorney General. 
‘‘SEC. 297D. AUTHORITY TO ISSUE REGULATIONS AND GUIDELINES; EFFECT ON OTHER LAW. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall have sole authority to issue Federal regulations and guidelines that relate to the production of hemp, including Federal regulations and guidelines that relate to the implementation of sections 297B and 279C. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION WITH ATTORNEY GEN -
ERAL .—The Secretary may consult with the Attorney General before issuing regulations and guidelines under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAW.—Nothing in this subtitle shall affect or modify— ‘‘(1) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) the authority of the Commissioner of Food and Drugs and the Secretary of Health and Human Services under that Act.’’. 
SEC. 10112. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title authorizes inter-ference with the interstate commerce of hemp (as defined in section 297A of the Agri-cultural Marketing Act of 1946, as added by section 10111). TITLE XI—CROP INSURANCE SEC. 11101. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 502(b) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1502(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (7), (8), (10), (11), (12), and (13) respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) C
OVER CROP TERMINATION .—The term ‘cover crop termination’ means a practice that historically and under reasonable cir-cumstances results in the termination of the growth of a cover crop.’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (8) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(9) H
EMP.—The term ‘hemp’ has the meaning given the term in section 297A of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946.’’. 
SEC. 11102. DATA COLLECTION. 
Section 506(h)(2) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1506(h)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Corporation’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) N
ATIONAL AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS  
SERVICE .—Data collected by the National Ag-ricultural Statistics Service, whether pub-lished or unpublished, shall be— ‘‘(i) provided in an aggregate form to the Corporation for the purpose of providing in-surance under this subtitle; and ‘‘(ii) kept confidential by the Corporation in the same manner and to the same extent as is required under— ‘‘(I) section 1770 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 2276); and ‘‘(II) the Confidential Information Protec-tion and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note; Public Law 107–347). ‘‘(C) N
ONINSURED CROP DISASTER ASSIST -
ANCE PROGRAM .—In collecting data under this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure that— ‘‘(i) appropriate data are collected through the noninsured crop disaster assistance pro-gram established by section 196 of the Fed-eral Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333); and ‘‘(ii) not less frequently than annually, the Farm Service Agency shares, and the Cor-poration considers, the data described in clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 11103. SHARING OF RECORDS. 
Section 506(h)(3) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1506(h)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘applicants who have received pay-ment under section 522(b)(2)(E),’’ after ‘‘divi-sions,’’. 
SEC. 11104. USE OF RESOURCES. 
Section 507(f) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1507(f)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) the Farm Service Agency, in assisting the Board in— ‘‘(A) the determination of individual pro-ducer yields; ‘‘(B) sharing information on beginning farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(C) investigating potential waste, fraud, or abuse; ‘‘(D) sharing information to support the transition of crops and counties from the noninsured crop disaster assistance program established by section 196 of the Federal Ag-riculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333) to insurance under this subtitle; and ‘‘(E) serving as a local point of contact for the dissemination of information on risk management options available to farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(4) other Federal agencies, in assisting the Board in any way the Board determines is necessary in carrying out this subtitle.’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(2) the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) the’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘(f) The Board’’ in the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1) and all that fol-lows through the semicolon at the end of paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) USE OF RESOURCES , DATA, BOARDS , AND C
OMMITTEES OF FEDERAL AGENCIES .—The Board shall use, to the maximum extent practicable, the resources, data, boards, and the committees of— ‘‘(1) the Natural Resources Conservation Service, in assisting the board in— ‘‘(A) the classification of land as to risk and production capability; ‘‘(B) the assessment of— ‘‘(i) long-term trends in, and impacts from, weather variability; and ‘‘(ii) opportunities to ameliorate the im-pacts described in clause (i); and ‘‘(C) the consideration of acceptable con-servation practices, including good farming practices with respect to conservation (such as cover crop termination);’’. 
SEC. 11105. SPECIALTY CROPS. 
(a) S PECIALTY CROPS COORDINATOR .—Sec- tion 507(g) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1507(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) S
PECIALTY CROP LIAISONS .—The Spe- cialty Crops Coordinator shall— ‘‘(A) designate a Specialty Crops Liaison in each regional field office; and ‘‘(B) share the contact information of the Specialty Crops Liaisons with specialty crop producers. ‘‘(5) W
EBSITE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Specialty Crops Co-ordinator shall establish a website focused on the efforts of the Corporation to provide and expand crop insurance for specialty crop producers. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The website established under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) an online mechanism to provide com-ments or feedback relating to specialty crops; ‘‘(ii) a calendar of opportunities to provide comments or feedback at specialty crop events or in other public forums; and ‘‘(iii) a plan, with projected completion dates, for examining— ‘‘(I) potential new crops to be added to ex-isting policies or plans of insurance for spe-cialty crops; ‘‘(II) opportunities to expand existing poli-cies or plans of insurance for specialty crops to new areas; and ‘‘(III) the potential for providing addi-tional policies or plans of insurance for spe-cialty crops, such as adding a revenue option or endorsement.’’. (b) A
DDITION OF SPECIALTY CROPS AND  O
THER VALUE -ADDED CROPS .—Section 508(a)(6) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(a)(6)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
(INCLUDING VALUE - 
ADDED CROPS) ’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, and annu-ally thereafter, the manager of the Corpora-tion shall prepare, to the maximum extent practicable, based on data shared from the noninsured crop disaster assistance program established by section 196 of the Federal Ag-riculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333), written agreements, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4611 June 27, 2018 
other data, and present to the Board not less than 2 of each of the following: ‘‘(i) Research and development for a policy or plan of insurance for a new crop. ‘‘(ii) Expansion of an existing policy or plan of insurance to additional counties or States, including malting barley endorse-ments or contract options. ‘‘(iii) Research and development for a new policy or plan of insurance, or endorsement, for crops with existing policies or plans of in-surance, such as dollar plans.’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), in the subpara-graph heading, by striking ‘‘A
DDITION OF NEW  
CROPS ’’ and inserting ‘‘R EPORT ’’; and (4) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D). 
SEC. 11106. INSURANCE PERIOD. 
Section 508(a)(2) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘and sweet potatoes’’ and inserting ‘‘sweet potatoes, and hemp’’. 
SEC. 11107. COVER CROPS. 
Section 508(a) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘practices’’ the first place it appears and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘practices.’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) V
OLUNTARY GOOD FARMING PRAC -
TICES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the following voluntary practices shall be con-sidered good farming practices under sub-paragraph (A)(iii): ‘‘(I) A scientifically sound, sustainable, and organic farming practice, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(II) A conservation activity or enhance-ment (including cover crops) that is ap-proved by the Natural Resources Conserva-tion Service or an agricultural expert, as de-termined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) E
XPECTED GROWTH .—A practice de-scribed in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i) shall be considered a good farming practice only if under that practice the insured crop may be expected to make normal progress toward maturity under typical growing con-ditions, as determined by the Secretary.’’; and (D) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-nated), in the subparagraph heading, by in-serting ‘‘
DETERMINATION REVIEW ’’ after ‘‘
PRACTICES ’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) C
OVER CROP TERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Cover crop termination shall not affect the insurability of a subse-quently planted insurable crop if the cover crop termination is carried out according to guidelines— ‘‘(i) established by the Secretary; or ‘‘(ii) approved by— ‘‘(I) the Natural Resources Conservation Service; or ‘‘(II) an agricultural expert, as determined by the Corporation. ‘‘(B) S
UMMER FALLOW .—In a county in which summer fallow is an insurable prac-tice, a cover crop in that county that is ter-minated according to guidelines established by the Secretary shall be considered as sum-mer fallow for the purpose of insurability.’’. 
SEC. 11108. UNDERSERVED PRODUCERS. 
Section 508(a)(7) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(a)(7)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND UNDERSERVED PRODUCERS ’’ after ‘‘
STATES ’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking the designation and head-ing and all that follows through ‘‘the term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) DEFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) A
DEQUATELY SERVED .—The term’’; (B) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘participation rate’’ and inserting ‘‘participation rate, by crop,’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) U
NDERSERVED PRODUCER .—The term ‘underserved producer’ means a beginning farmer or rancher, a veteran farmer or rancher, or a socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher.’’; (3) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Board’’; (B) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘subtitle, including policies and plans of insurance for underserved producers,’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) T
YPES OF PRODUCTION .—In conducting the review under clause (i), the Board shall examine the types of production common among underserved producers, such as diver-sified production for local markets.’’; and (4) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after completion of the review under sub-paragraph (B)(i), and not less frequently than once every 3 years thereafter, the Board shall make publically available and submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report describing the results of the review. ‘‘(ii) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report under clause (i) shall include recommendations to increase participation in States and among underserved producers that are not ade-quately served by the policies and plans of insurance, including any plans for adminis-trative action or recommendations for Con-gressional action.’’. 
SEC. 11109. EXPANSION OF PERFORMANCE- BASED DISCOUNT. 
Section 508(d)(3) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(d)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Corporation’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(A) R
ISK-REDUCING PRACTICE DISCOUNT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with the 2020 reinsurance year, the Corporation may offer discounts under subparagraph (A) for prac-tices that can be demonstrated to reduce risk relative to other practices. ‘‘(ii) R
EVIEW .—In determining practices for which to offer discounts under clause (i), the Corporation shall— ‘‘(I) for the 2020 reinsurance year, consider precision irrigation or fertilization, crop ro-tations, cover crops, and any other practices determined appropriate by the Corporation; and ‘‘(II) on an annual basis, seek expert opin-ion and consider additional practices based on new evidence.’’. 
SEC. 11110. ENTERPRISE UNITS. 
Section 508(e)(5) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(e)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) E
NTERPRISE UNITS ACROSS COUNTY  
LINES .—The Corporation may allow a pro-ducer to establish a single enterprise unit by combining an enterprise unit with— ‘‘(i) 1 or more other enterprise units in 1 or more other counties; or ‘‘(ii) all basic units and all optional units in 1 or more other counties.’’. SEC. 11111. PASTURE, RANGELAND, AND FORAGE POLICY FOR MEMBERS OF INDIAN TRIBES. 
Section 508(e)(7) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(e)(7)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
ASTURE , RANGELAND , AND FORAGE  
POLICY FOR MEMBERS OF INDIAN TRIBES .—With respect to a policy or plan of insurance es-tablished under this subtitle for producers of livestock commodities the source of feed-stock of which is pasture, rangeland, and for-age, the premium subsidy for a member of an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)), as certified to the Secretary by the Chairperson of that In-dian tribe (or a designee), shall be 90 percent for the first purchase of that policy or plan of insurance by that member of an Indian tribe.’’. 
SEC. 11112. SUBMISSION OF POLICIES AND MATE-RIALS TO BOARD. 
Section 508(h) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (I) through (III), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (B) in the matter preceding subclause (I) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Cor-poration shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall’’; (C) in clause (i)(I) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘subject to clause (ii),’’ before ‘‘will likely’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) W
AIVER FOR HEMP .—The Corporation may waive the viability and marketability requirement under clause (i)(I) in the case of a policy or pilot program relating to the pro-duction of hemp.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(C)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) in the case of reviewing policies and other materials relating to the production of hemp, may waive the viability and market-ability requirement under subparagraph (A)(ii)(I).’’. 
SEC. 11113. WHOLE FARM REVENUE AGENT IN-CENTIVES. 
Section 508(k)(4) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(k)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) W
HOLE FARM REVENUE AGENT INCEN -
TIVES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning with the 2019 reinsurance year, in the case of an agent that sells a Whole Farm Revenue Policy, or a successor policy, the Corporation shall pro-vide to the approved insurance provider, to pay to the agent, an additional reimburse-ment, determined in accordance with the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) If the compensation of the agent au-thorized under the Standard Reinsurance Agreement for the policy is less than $1,000, the reimbursement shall be an amount equal to the difference between— ‘‘(aa) $1,000; and ‘‘(bb) the amount authorized under the Standard Reinsurance Agreement for the policy. ‘‘(II) If the producer, or any entity in which the producer had an insurable inter-est, has never previously obtained coverage under a Whole Farm Revenue Policy, or a successor policy, in addition to any amount authorized under subclause (I), the reim-bursement shall be $300 for each Whole Farm Revenue Policy, or successor policy. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION ON USE .—Any additional reimbursement authorized under clause (i) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4612 June 27, 2018 
shall not be included for the purpose of es-tablishing the limitation on the compensa-tion for agents under the Standard Reinsur-ance Agreement.’’. 
SEC. 11114. CROP PRODUCTION ON NATIVE SOD. 
Section 508(o) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(o)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014 .—Native sod acreage that has been tilled for the produc-tion of an insurable crop during the period beginning on February 8, 2014, and ending on the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018 shall be subject to 4 cumulative years of a reduction in benefits under this subtitle as described in this para-graph. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT YEARS .— ‘‘(I) N
ON-HAY AND NON -FORAGE CROPS .—As determined by the Secretary, native sod acreage that has been tilled for the produc-tion of an insurable crop other than a hay or forage crop after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 shall be subject to 4 cumulative years of a reduction in benefits under this subtitle as described in this paragraph. ‘‘(II) H
AY AND FORAGE CROPS .—During each crop year of planting, as determined by the Secretary, native sod acreage that has been tilled for the production of an insurable hay or forage crop after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 shall be subject to 4 cumulative years of a reduction in benefits under this subtitle as described in this paragraph.’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) N
ATIVE SOD CONVERSION CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(A) C
ERTIFICATION .—As a condition on the receipt of benefits under this subtitle, a pro-ducer that has tilled native sod acreage for the production of an insurable crop as de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A) shall certify to the Secretary that acreage using— ‘‘(i) an acreage report form of the Farm Service Agency (FSA–578 or any successor form); and ‘‘(ii) 1 or more maps. ‘‘(B) C
ORRECTIONS .—Beginning on the date on which a producer submits a certification under subparagraph (A), as soon as prac-ticable after the producer discovers a change in tilled native sod acreage described in that subparagraph, the producer shall submit to the Secretary any appropriate corrections to a form or map described in clause (i) or (ii) of that subparagraph. ‘‘(C) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than January 1, 2019, and each January 1 there-after through January 1, 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that de-scribes the tilled native sod acreage that has been certified under subparagraph (A) in each county and State as of the date of sub-mission of the report.’’; and (4) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘This subsection’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), this subsection’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) E
LECTION .—A governor of a State other than a State described in subparagraph (A) may elect to have this paragraph apply to the State.’’. SEC. 11115. USE OF NATIONAL AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS SERVICE DATA TO COM-BAT WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE. 
Section 515 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1515) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) using published aggregate data from the National Agricultural Statistics Service or any other data source to— ‘‘(i) detect yield disparities or other data anomalies that indicate potential fraud; and ‘‘(ii) target the relevant counties, crops, regions, companies, or agents associated with that potential fraud for audits and other enforcement actions.’’; and (2) in subsection (f)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘pur-suant to’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘under’’. 
SEC. 11116. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO CORPORATION. 
Section 515(g) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1515(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) The actual production history to be used to establish insurable yields.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘The information required by paragraph (1)’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The information re-quired to be submitted under subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) A
CTUAL PRODUCTION HISTORY .—The in- formation required to be submitted under paragraph (1)(D) with respect to an applica-ble policy or plan of insurance shall be sub-mitted so as to ensure receipt by the Cor-poration not later than the Saturday of the week containing the calendar day that is 30 days after the applicable production report-ing date for the crop to be insured.’’. 
SEC. 11117. ACREAGE REPORT STREAMLINING INITIATIVE. 
Section 515(j)(1)(B)(ii) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1515(j)(1)(B)(ii)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘As soon’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—As soon’’; (2) in subclause (I) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘information’’ and inserting ‘‘infor-mation, electronically (including in the form of geospatial data) or conventionally,’’ and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) M
ETHOD FOR DETERMINING COMMON IN -
FORMATION REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2020, the Administrator of the Risk Management Agency and the Adminis-trator of the Farm Service Agency shall im-plement a consistent method for deter-mining crop acreage, acreage yields, farm acreage, property descriptions, and other common informational requirements, includ-ing measures of common land units. ‘‘(III) A
CCEPTANCE OF DATA .—The Corpora-tion shall require each approved insurance provider to accept from a producer or an au-thorized agent of a producer reports of crop acreage, acreage yields, and other informa-tion electronically (including in the form of geospatial data) or conventionally, at the op-tion of the producer or the agent of the pro-ducer, as applicable.’’. 
SEC. 11118. CONTINUING EDUCATION FOR LOSS ADJUSTERS AND AGENTS. 
Section 515 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1515) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (k) as sub-section (l); and (2) by inserting after subsection (j) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(k) CONTINUING EDUCATION FOR LOSSAD-
JUSTERS AND AGENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall es-tablish requirements for continuing edu-cation for loss adjusters and agents of ap-proved insurance providers. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The requirements for continuing education described in paragraph (1) shall ensure that loss adjusters and agents of approved insurance providers are familiar with appropriate conservation ac-tivities and agronomic practices that— ‘‘(A) are common and appropriate to the area in which the insured crop being in-spected is produced; and ‘‘(B) include organic and sustainable prac-tices.’’. 
SEC. 11119. FUNDING FOR INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY. 
Section 515 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1515) is amended in subsection (l)(1)(A) (as redesignated by section 11118(1))— (1) by striking clause (ii); (2) in clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘(i)(I) for’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) for’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by redesignating subclause (II) as clause (ii); (3) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘and’’; and (4) by inserting after clause (ii) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(iii) for each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, $1,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 11120. AGRICULTURAL COMMODITY. 
Section 518 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1518) is amended by inserting ‘‘hemp,’’ before ‘‘aquacultural species’’. 
SEC. 11121. REIMBURSEMENT OF RESEARCH, DE-VELOPMENT, AND MAINTENANCE COSTS. 
Section 522(b) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1522(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) W
AIVER FOR HEMP .—The Board may waive the viability and marketability re-quirements under this paragraph in the case of research and development relating to a policy to insure the production of hemp.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Corporation’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Corporation’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) W
AIVER FOR HEMP .—The Corporation may waive the marketability requirement under subparagraph (A) in the case of re-search and development relating to a policy to insure the production of hemp.’’. 
SEC. 11122. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AU-THORITY. 
Section 522(c) of the Federal Crop Insur-ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1522(c)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (7) through (18) and (20) through (23); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (19) and (24) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; (3) in paragraph (7) (as so redesignated) (entitled ‘‘Whole farm diversified risk man-agement insurance plan’’), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) R
EVIEW OF MODIFICATIONS TO IMPROVE  
EFFECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Cor-poration shall— ‘‘(I) hold stakeholder meetings to solicit producer and agent feedback; ‘‘(II) review procedures and paperwork re-quirements on agents and producers; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4613 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(III) modify procedures and requirements, as appropriate, to decrease burdens and in-crease flexibility and effectiveness. ‘‘(ii) F
ACTORS .—In carrying out subclauses (II) and (III) of clause (i), the Corporation shall consider— ‘‘(I) removing caps on nursery and live-stock production; ‘‘(II) allowing a waiver to expand oper-ations, especially for small and beginning farmers; ‘‘(III) minimizing paperwork for producers and agents; ‘‘(IV) implementing an option for pro-ducers with less than $1,000,000 in gross rev-enue that requires significantly less paper-work and recordkeeping; ‘‘(V) developing and using alternative records such as time-stamped photographs or technology applications to document plant-ing and production history; ‘‘(VI) treating the different growth stages of aquaculture species as separate crops to recognize the difference in perils at different phases of growth; ‘‘(VII) moderating the impacts of disaster years on historic revenue, such as— ‘‘(aa) using an average of the historic and projected revenue; ‘‘(bb) counting indemnities as historic rev-enue for loss years; or ‘‘(cc) using an assigned yield floor similar to a T-yield, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(VIII) improving agent training and out-reach to underserved regions and sectors such as small dairy farms.’’; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (8) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(9) I
RRIGATED GRAIN SORGHUM CROP INSUR -
ANCE POLICY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall carry out research and development, or offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more qualified persons to carry out research and development— ‘‘(i) regarding improvements to 1 or more policies to insure irrigated grain sorghum; and ‘‘(ii) regarding alternative methods for producers with not more than 4 years of pro-duction history to insure irrigated grain sor-ghum. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that describes— ‘‘(i) the results of the research and develop-ment conducted under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) any recommendations with respect to those results. ‘‘(10) L
IMITED IRRIGATION PRACTICES .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORITY .—The Corporation shall— ‘‘(i) expand the availability of the limited irrigation insurance program to not fewer than 2 neighboring and similarly situated States (such as the States of Colorado and Nebraska), as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) carry out research, or offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more qualified persons to carry out research, on the marketability of the existing limited ir-rigation insurance program; and ‘‘(iii) make recommendations on how to improve participation in that program. ‘‘(B) R
ESEARCH .—In carrying out research under subparagraph (A), a qualified person shall— ‘‘(i) collaborate with researchers on the subjects of— ‘‘(I) reduced irrigation practices or limited irrigation practices; and ‘‘(II) expected yield reductions following the application of reduced irrigation; ‘‘(ii) collaborate with State and Federal of-ficials responsible for the collection of water and the regulation of water use for the pur-pose of irrigation; ‘‘(iii) provide recommendations to encour-age producers to carry out limited irrigation practices or reduced irrigation and water conservation practices; and ‘‘(iv) develop web-based applications that will streamline access to coverage for pro-ducers electing to conserve water use on irri-gated crops. ‘‘(C) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Cor-poration shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes— ‘‘(i) the results of the research carried out under subparagraphs (A) and (B); ‘‘(ii) any recommendations to encourage producers to carry out limited irrigation practices or reduced irrigation and water conservation practices; and ‘‘(iii) the actions taken by the Corporation to carry out the recommendations described in clause (ii). ‘‘(11) Q
UALITY LOSS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall carry out research and development, or offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more qualified persons to carry out research and development, regarding the establish-ment of each of the following alternative methods of adjusting for quality losses: ‘‘(i) A method that does not impact the av-erage production history of a producer. ‘‘(ii) A method that is optional for a pro-ducer to elect to use. ‘‘(iii) A method that provides that, in cir-cumstances in which a producer has suffered a quality loss to the insured crop of the pro-ducer that is insufficient to trigger an in-demnity payment, the producer may elect to exclude that quality loss from the actual production history of the producer. ‘‘(iv) 1 or more methods that combine 2 or more of the methods described in clauses (i) through (iii). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Notwithstanding subsections (g) and (m) of section 508, any method developed under subparagraph (A) that is used by the Corporation shall be— ‘‘(i) optional for a producer to use; and ‘‘(ii) offered at an actuarially sound pre-mium rate. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that describes the results of the research and development carried out under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(12) C
ITRUS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall carry out research and development, or offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more qualified persons to carry out research and development, regarding the insurance of citrus fruit commodities and commodity types, including research and development of— ‘‘(i) improvements to 1 or more existing policies, including the whole-farm revenue protection pilot policy; ‘‘(ii) alternative methods of insuring rev-enue for citrus fruit commodities and com-modity types; and ‘‘(iii) the development of new, or expansion of existing, revenue policies for citrus fruit commodities and commodity types. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that describes— ‘‘(i) the results of the research and develop-ment carried out under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) any recommendations with respect to those results. ‘‘(13) GREENHOUSE POLICY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—The Corporation shall carry out research and de-velopment, or offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more qualified persons to carry out research and development, regard-ing a policy to insure in a controlled envi-ronment such as a greenhouse— ‘‘(I) the production of floriculture, nursery, and bedding plants; ‘‘(II) the establishment of cuttings or tis-sue culture in a growing medium; or ‘‘(III) other similar production, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) A
VAILABILITY OF POLICY OR PLAN OF IN -
SURANCE .—Notwithstanding the last sen-tence of section 508(a)(1), and section 508(a)(2), the Corporation shall make a policy or plan of insurance described in clause (i) available if the requirements of section 508(h) are met. ‘‘(B) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT DE -
SCRIBED .—Research and development de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) shall evaluate the effectiveness of policies and plans of in-surance for the production of plants in a con-trolled environment, including policies and plans of insurance that— ‘‘(i) are based on the risk of— ‘‘(I) plant diseases introduced from the en-vironment; ‘‘(II) contaminated cuttings, seedlings, or tissue culture; or ‘‘(III) Federal or State quarantine or de-struction orders associated with the con-taminated items described in subclause (II); ‘‘(ii) consider other causes of loss applica-ble to a controlled environment, such as a loss of electricity due to weather; ‘‘(iii) consider appropriate best practices to minimize the risk of loss; ‘‘(iv) consider whether to provide coverage for various types of plants under 1 policy or plan of insurance or to provide coverage for 1 species or type of plant per policy or plan of insurance; ‘‘(v) have streamlined reporting and paper-work requirements that take into account short propagation schedules, variable crop years, and the variety of plants that may be produced in a single facility; and ‘‘(vi) provide protection for revenue losses. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that— ‘‘(i) describes the results of the research and development conducted under subpara-graphs (A)(i) and (B); and ‘‘(ii) any recommendations with respect to those results. ‘‘(14) H
OPS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall carry out research and development, or offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more qualified persons to carry out research and development, regarding a policy to in-sure the production of hops or revenue de-rived from the production of hops. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4614 June 27, 2018 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that describes— ‘‘(i) the results of the research and develop-ment conducted under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) any recommendations with respect to those results. ‘‘(15) L
OCAL FOODS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—The Corporation shall carry out research and de-velopment, or offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more qualified persons to carry out research and development, regard-ing a policy to insure production— ‘‘(I) of floriculture, fruits, vegetables, poul-try, livestock, or the products of flori-culture, fruits, vegetables, poultry, or live-stock; and ‘‘(II) that is targeted toward local con-sumers and markets. ‘‘(ii) A
VAILABILITY OF POLICY OR PLAN OF IN -
SURANCE .—Notwithstanding the last sen-tence of section 508(a)(1), and section 508(a)(2), the Corporation shall make a policy or plan of insurance described in clause (i) available if the requirements of section 508(h) are met. ‘‘(B) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT DE -
SCRIBED .—Research and development de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) shall evaluate the effectiveness of policies and plans of in-surance for production targeted toward local consumers and markets, including policies and plans of insurance that— ‘‘(i) consider small-scale production in var-ious areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas; ‘‘(ii) consider a variety of marketing strat-egies, including— ‘‘(I) direct-to-consumer marketing; ‘‘(II) farmers markets; ‘‘(III) farm-to-institution marketing; and ‘‘(IV) marketing through community-sup-ported agriculture; ‘‘(iii) allow for production in soil and in al-ternative systems such as vertical systems, greenhouses, rooftops, or hydroponic sys-tems; ‘‘(iv) consider the price premium when ac-counting for production or revenue losses; ‘‘(v) consider whether to provide cov-erage— ‘‘(I) for various types of production under 1 policy or plan of insurance; and ‘‘(II) for 1 species or type of plant per pol-icy or plan of insurance; and ‘‘(vi) have streamlined reporting and pa-perwork requirements. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that— ‘‘(i) examines whether a version of existing policies such as the whole-farm revenue pro-tection insurance plan may be tailored to provide improved coverage for producers of local foods; ‘‘(ii) describes the results of the research and development conducted under subpara-graphs (A) and (B); and ‘‘(iii) includes any recommendations with respect to those results. ‘‘(16) I
NSURABLE IRRIGATION PRACTICES FOR  
RICE.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation shall carry out research and development, or offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more qualified persons to carry out research and development, to include new and innova-tive irrigation practices under the current rice policy or the development of a distinct plan of insurance or policy endorsement rated for rice produced using— ‘‘(i) alternate wetting and drying practices (also referred to as ‘intermittent flooding’); and ‘‘(ii) furrow irrigation practices. ‘‘(B) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that describes— ‘‘(i) the results of the research and develop-ment carried out under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) any recommendations with respect to those results. ‘‘(17) H
IGH-RISK, HIGHLY PRODUCTIVE  
BATTURE LAND POLICY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—The Corporation shall carry out research and de-velopment, or offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more qualified persons to carry out research and development, regard-ing a policy to insure producers of corn, cot-ton, and soybeans— ‘‘(I) with operations on highly productive batture land within the Lower Mississippi River Valley below Mississippi River mile 368.44; ‘‘(II) that have a history of production of not less than 5 years; and ‘‘(III) that have been impacted by more fre-quent flooding over the past 10 years due to sedimentation and federally constructed en-gineering improvements. ‘‘(ii) A
VAILABILITY OF POLICY OR PLAN OF IN -
SURANCE .—Notwithstanding the last sen-tence of section 508(a)(1), and section 508(a)(2), the Corporation shall make a policy or plan of insurance described in clause (i) available if the requirements of section 508(h) are met. ‘‘(B) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT DE -
SCRIBED .—Research and development de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) shall evaluate the feasibility of less cost-prohibitive poli-cies and plans of insurance for batture-land producers in high risk areas, including poli-cies and plans of insurance that— ‘‘(i) consider premium rate adjustments; ‘‘(ii) consider automatic yield exclusion for consecutive-year losses; and ‘‘(iii) allow for flexibility of final plant dates and prevent plant regulations. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018, the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that— ‘‘(i) examines whether a version of existing policies may be tailored to provide improved coverage for batture-land producers; ‘‘(ii) describes the results of the research and development conducted under subpara-graphs (A) and (B); and ‘‘(iii) includes any recommendations with respect to those results.’’. 
SEC. 11123. EDUCATION ASSISTANCE. 
Section 524(a)(3)(A) of the Federal Crop In-surance Act (7 U.S.C. 1524(a)(3)(A)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘conservation activities,’’ after ‘‘benchmarking,’’. 
SEC. 11124. CROPLAND REPORT ANNUAL UP-DATES. 
Section 11014(c)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 963) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. TITLE XII—MISCELLANEOUS Subtitle A—Livestock SEC. 12101. SHEEP PRODUCTION AND MAR-KETING GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 209 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1627a) is amended by striking subsection (c) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 12102. NATIONAL ANIMAL HEALTH LABORA-TORY NETWORK. 
Section 10409A(d) of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8308a(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘$15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 12103. NATIONAL ANIMAL DISEASE PRE-PAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND RE-COVERY PROGRAM; NATIONAL ANI-MAL VACCINE AND VETERINARY COUNTERMEASURES BANK. 
The Animal Health Protection Act is amended by inserting after section 10409A (7 U.S.C. 8308a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10409B. NATIONAL ANIMAL DISEASE PRE-PAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND RE-COVERY PROGRAM; NATIONAL ANI-MAL VACCINE AND VETERINARY COUNTERMEASURES BANK. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL ANIMAL DISEASE PREPARED -
NESS, RESPONSE , ANDRECOVERY PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To prevent the introduc-tion into or the dissemination within the United States of any pest or disease of ani-mals affecting the economic interests of the livestock and related industries of the United States (including the maintenance and expansion of export market potential), the Secretary shall establish a program to be known as the ‘National Animal Disease Pre-paredness, Response, and Recovery Program’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Pro-gram’). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Under the Pro-gram, the Secretary shall support activities to prevent, detect, and rapidly respond to animal pests and diseases, including— ‘‘(A) enhancing animal pest and disease analysis and surveillance; ‘‘(B) expanding education and outreach; ‘‘(C) targeting domestic inspection activi-ties at vulnerable points in the safeguarding continuum; ‘‘(D) enhancing and strengthening threat identification and technology; ‘‘(E) improving biosecurity; ‘‘(F) enhancing emergency preparedness and response capabilities, including training additional emergency response personnel; ‘‘(G) conducting technology development to enhance electronic sharing of animal health data for risk analysis between State and Federal animal health officials; ‘‘(H) enhancing the development and effec-tiveness of animal health technologies to treat and prevent disease, including veteri-nary biologics, veterinary diagnostics, ani-mal drugs for minor use and minor species, animal medical devices, and emerging veteri-nary countermeasures; and ‘‘(I) such other activities as determined ap-propriate by the Secretary, in consultation with entities described in paragraph (3)(B). ‘‘(3) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Pro-gram, the Secretary shall offer to enter into cooperative agreements or other legal in-struments with entities described in sub-paragraph (B) to carry out activities de-scribed in paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—The Secretary may enter into a cooperative agreement or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4615 June 27, 2018 
other legal instrument under subparagraph (A) with 1 or more of the following entities: ‘‘(i) A State department of agriculture. ‘‘(ii) The State veterinarian or chief ani-mal health official of a State. ‘‘(iii) A land-grant college or university (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)). ‘‘(iv) A NLGCA Institution (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)). ‘‘(v) A college of veterinary medicine. ‘‘(vi) A State or national livestock pro-ducer organization with a direct and signifi-cant economic interest in livestock produc-tion. ‘‘(vii) A State, national, allied, or regional veterinary organization or specialty board recognized by the American Veterinary Med-ical Association. ‘‘(viii) An Indian tribe. ‘‘(ix) A State emergency management agency. ‘‘(x) A Federal agency. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL FUNDING CONSIDERATIONS .—In entering into cooperative agreements or other legal instruments under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall give priority to— ‘‘(i) a State department of agriculture; ‘‘(ii) the State veterinarian or chief animal health official of a State; and ‘‘(iii) an eligible entity that shall carry out Program activities in a State or region in which— ‘‘(I) an animal disease or pest is a Federal concern, as determined by the Secretary; or ‘‘(II) there is potential for the spread of an animal disease or pest, as determined by the Secretary, taking into consideration— ‘‘(aa) the agricultural industries in that State or region; ‘‘(bb) factors contributing to animal dis-ease or pests in that State or region, such as climate, natural resources, geography, na-tive or exotic wildlife species, and other dis-ease vectors; and ‘‘(cc) the movement of animals in that State or region. ‘‘(D) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An entity described in subparagraph (B) desiring to enter into a co-operative agreement or other legal instru-ment under subparagraph (A) shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall notify an entity that submits an application under clause (i) of— ‘‘(I) the requirements to be imposed on the entity for auditing of, and reporting on, the use of any funds provided by the Secretary under the cooperative agreement or other legal instrument; and ‘‘(II) the criteria to be used to ensure ac-tivities supported under the cooperative agreement or other legal instrument are based on sound scientific data or thorough risk assessments. ‘‘(E) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(i) S
UBAGREEMENTS .—Nothing in this sec-tion prevents an entity from using funds re-ceived under a cooperative agreement or other legal instrument under subparagraph (A) to enter into a subagreement with an-other organization or a political subdivision of a State that has legal responsibilities re-lating to animal disease prevention, surveil-lance, or rapid response. ‘‘(ii) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—In determining whether to enter into a cooperative agree-ment or other legal instrument with an enti-ty under subparagraph (A), the Secretary— ‘‘(I) may consider the ability of the entity to provide non-Federal funds to carry out the cooperative agreement or other legal in-strument; but ‘‘(II) shall not require the provision of non- Federal funds by an entity as a condition to enter into a cooperative agreement or other legal instrument. ‘‘(iii) ADMINISTRATION .—Of amounts made available to carry out the Program, not more than 10 percent may be retained by an entity that receives funds under a coopera-tive agreement or other legal instrument under subparagraph (A), including a sub-agreement under clause (i), to pay adminis-trative costs incurred by the entity in car-rying out the cooperative agreement or other legal instrument. ‘‘(4) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall consult with entities described in paragraph (3)(B) in establishing priorities under the Program. ‘‘(5) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT .— The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to any consulta-tion by the Secretary with an entity de-scribed in paragraph (3)(B) under the Pro-gram. ‘‘(6) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which an entity completes an ac-tivity prescribed and funded by a cooperative agreement or other legal instrument under paragraph (3)(A), the entity shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes the purposes and results of the activity. ‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ANIMAL VACCINE AND VET-
ERINARY COUNTERMEASURES BANK.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a National Animal Vaccine and Vet-erinary Countermeasures Bank to benefit the domestic interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Under the National Animal Vaccine and Veterinary Counter-measures Bank, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) leverage, as appropriate, the mecha-nisms and infrastructure that have been de-veloped for the management, storage, and distribution of the National Veterinary Stockpile; and ‘‘(B) maintain a sufficient quantity of ani-mal vaccine, antiviral, therapeutic products, diagnostic products, and veterinary counter-measures— ‘‘(i) to appropriately respond to the most damaging animal diseases affecting human health or the economy; and ‘‘(ii) that will be capable of rapid deploy-ment in the event of an outbreak of an ani-mal disease described in clause (i). ‘‘(3) F
OOT-AND-MOUTH DISEASE PRIORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out para-graph (2), the Secretary shall give priority to the maintenance of a sufficient quantity of foot-and-mouth disease vaccine, as deter-mined by the Secretary, and accompanying diagnostic products, covering, to the max-imum extent practicable, an appropriate rep-resentation of foot-and-mouth disease serotypes and strains for which appropriate vaccine products are available. ‘‘(B) C
ONTRACTS .—The Secretary may offer to enter into 1 or more contracts with 1 or more entities that produce foot-and-mouth disease vaccine— ‘‘(i) to maintain a bank of viral antigen concentrate or vaccine products for, to the maximum extent practicable, an appropriate representation of foot-and-mouth disease serotypes (as determined by the Secretary) for which antigen concentrate is available; and ‘‘(ii) to maintain surge production capacity to produce, as quickly as practicable, foot- and-mouth disease vaccine to address a foot- and-mouth disease outbreak. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL ADMINISTRATION .—Of amounts made available to carry out this section, not greater than 4 percent may be retained by the Secretary to pay administra-tive costs incurred by the Secretary in car-rying out this section. ‘‘(2) BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES .—None of the amounts made available to carry out this section shall be used for— ‘‘(A) the construction of a new building or facility; ‘‘(B) the acquisition or expansion of an ex-isting building or facility; ‘‘(C) site grading and improvement; or ‘‘(D) architect fees. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEEDS .—The proceeds from the sale of any vaccine or antigen by the National Animal Vaccine and Veterinary Counter-measures Bank shall— ‘‘(A) be deposited in the Treasury; ‘‘(B) be credited to an account for the oper-ation of the National Animal Vaccine and Veterinary Countermeasures Bank; ‘‘(C) be available for expenditure without further appropriation; and ‘‘(D) remain available until expended. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion, to remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 12104. STUDY ON LIVESTOCK DEALER STAT-UTORY TRUST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study to determine the feasibility of establishing a livestock dealer statutory trust. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study conducted under subsection (a) shall— (1) analyze how the establishment of a live-stock dealer statutory trust would affect buyer and seller behavior in markets for livestock (as defined in section 2(a) of the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921 (7 U.S.C. 182)); (2) consider what potential effects a live-stock dealer statutory trust would have on credit availability, including impacts on lenders and lending behavior and other in-dustry participants; (3) examine unique circumstances common to livestock dealers and how those cir-cumstances could impact the functionality of a livestock dealer statutory trust; (4) study the feasibility of the industry- wide adoption of electronic funds transfer or another expeditious method of payment to provide sellers of livestock protection from nonsufficient funds payments; (5) assess the effectiveness of statutory trusts in other segments of agriculture and whether similar effects could be experienced under a livestock dealer statutory trust; and (6) consider the effects of exempting deal-ers with average annual purchases under a de minimis threshold from being subject to the livestock dealer statutory trust. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 540 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Ag-riculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report de-scribing the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 12105. DEFINITION OF LIVESTOCK. 
Section 602(2) of the Emergency Livestock Feed Assistance Act of 1988 (7 U.S.C. 1471(2)) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by striking ‘‘fish’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘that—’’ and inserting ‘‘lla-mas, alpacas, live fish, crawfish, and other animals that—’’. Subtitle B—Agriculture and Food Defense 
SEC. 12201. REPEAL OF OFFICE OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Section 14111 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8911) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 12202. OFFICE OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Subtitle A of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4616 June 27, 2018 
6911 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 221. OFFICE OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF AGRICULTURE AND FOOD D
EFENSE .—In this section, the term ‘agri-culture and food defense’ means any action to prevent, protect against, mitigate the ef-fects of, respond to, or recover from a natu-rally occurring, unintentional, or inten-tional threat to the agriculture and food sys-tem. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall establish in the Department the Office of Homeland Security. ‘‘(c) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The Office of Homeland Security shall be headed by an Ex-ecutive Director, who shall be known as the ‘Executive Director of Homeland Security’. ‘‘(d) D
UTIES .—The Executive Director of Homeland Security shall— ‘‘(1) serve as the principal advisor to the Secretary on homeland security, including emergency management and agriculture and food defense; ‘‘(2) coordinate activities of the Depart-ment, including policies, processes, budget needs, and oversight relating to homeland security, including emergency management and agriculture and food defense; ‘‘(3) act as the primary liaison on behalf of the Department with other Federal depart-ments and agencies in activities relating to homeland security, including emergency management and agriculture and food de-fense, and provide for interagency coordina-tion and data sharing; ‘‘(4)(A) coordinate in the Department the gathering of information relevant to early warning and awareness of threats and risks to the food and agriculture critical infra-structure sector; and ‘‘(B) share that information with, and pro-vide assistance with interpretation and risk characterization of that information to, the intelligence community (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C 3003)), law enforcement agencies, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Home-land Security, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and State fusion centers (as defined in section 210A(j) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)); ‘‘(5) liaison with the Director of National Intelligence to assist in the development of periodic assessments and intelligence esti-mates, or other intelligence products, that support the defense of the food and agri-culture critical infrastructure sector; ‘‘(6) coordinate the conduct, evaluation, and improvement of exercises to identify and eliminate gaps in preparedness and response; ‘‘(7) produce a Department-wide central-ized strategic coordination plan to provide a high-level perspective of the operations of the Department relating to homeland secu-rity, including emergency management and agriculture and food defense; and ‘‘(8) carry out other appropriate duties, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(e) A
GRICULTURE AND FOOD THREAT  A
WARENESS PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
NTERAGENCY EXCHANGE PROGRAM .— The Secretary, in partnership with the intel-ligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) and fusion centers (as defined in sec-tion 210A(j) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)) that have analysis and intelligence capabilities relating to the de-fense of the food and agriculture critical in-frastructure sector, shall establish and carry out an interagency exchange program of per-sonnel and information to improve commu-nication and analysis for the defense of the food and agriculture critical infrastructure sector. ‘‘(2) C
OLLABORATION WITH FEDERAL , STATE , 
AND LOCAL AUTHORITIES .—To carry out the program established under paragraph (1), the Secretary may— ‘‘(A) enter into 1 or more cooperative agreements or contracts with Federal, State, or local authorities that have analysis and intelligence capabilities and expertise relat-ing to the defense of the food and agriculture critical infrastructure sector; and ‘‘(B) carry out any other activity under any other authority of the Secretary that is appropriate to engage the authorities de-scribed in subparagraph (A) for the defense of the food and agriculture critical infrastruc-ture sector, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. SEC. 12203. AGRICULTURE AND FOOD DEFENSE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
NIMAL .—The term ‘‘animal’’ has the meaning given the term in section 10403 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8302). (2) D
ISEASE OR PEST OF CONCERN .—The term ‘‘disease or pest of concern’’ means a plant or animal disease or pest that— (A) is— (i) a transboundary disease; or (ii) an established disease; and (B) is likely to pose a significant risk to the food and agriculture critical infrastruc-ture sector that warrants efforts at preven-tion, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery. (3) E
STABLISHED DISEASE .—The term ‘‘es-tablished disease’’ means a plant or animal disease or pest that— (A)(i) if it becomes established, poses an imminent threat to agriculture in the United States; or (ii) has become established, as defined by the Secretary, within the United States; and (B) requires management. (4) H
IGH-CONSEQUENCE PLANT TRANSBOUND -
ARY DISEASE .—The term ‘‘high-consequence plant transboundary disease’’ means a trans-boundary disease that is— (A)(i) a plant disease; or (ii) a plant pest; and (B) of high consequence, as determined by the Secretary. (5) P
EST.—The term ‘‘pest’’— (A) with respect to a plant, has the mean-ing given the term ‘‘plant pest’’ in section 403 of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7702); and (B) with respect to an animal, has the meaning given the term in section 10403 of the Animal Health Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 8302). (6) P
LANT .—The term ‘‘plant’’ has the meaning given the term in section 403 of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7702). (7) P
LANT HEALTH MANAGEMENT STRAT -
EGY.—The term ‘‘plant health management strategy’’ means a strategy to timely con-trol and eradicate a plant disease or plant pest outbreak, including through mitigation (such as chemical control), surveillance, the use of diagnostic products and procedures, and the use of existing resistant seed stock. (8) T
RANSBOUNDARY DISEASE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘transboundary disease’’ means a plant or animal disease or pest that is within 1 or more countries out-side of the United States. (B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘transboundary disease’’ includes a plant or animal disease or pest described in subparagraph (A) that— (i) has emerged within the United States; or (ii) has been introduced within the United States. (9) V
ETERINARY COUNTERMEASURE .—The term ‘‘veterinary countermeasure’’ means the use of any animal vaccine, antiviral, therapeutic product, or diagnostic product to respond to the most damaging animal dis-eases to animal and human health and the economy. (b) DISEASE OR PEST OF CONCERN RESPONSE  P
LANNING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (A) establish a list of diseases or pests of concern by— (i) developing a process to solicit and re-ceive expert opinion and evidence relating to the diseases and pests of concern entered on the list; and (ii) reviewing all available evidence relat-ing to the diseases and pests of concern en-tered on the list, including classified infor-mation; and (B) periodically update the list established under subparagraph (A). (2) R
ESPONSE PLANS .— (A) C
OMPREHENSIVE STRATEGIC RESPONSE  
PLAN OR PLANS .—The Secretary shall de-velop, in collaboration with appropriate Fed-eral, State, regional, and local officials, a comprehensive strategic response plan or plans, as appropriate, for the diseases or pests of concern that are entered on the list established under paragraph (1). (B) S
TATE OR REGION RESPONSE PLAN OR  
PLANS .—The Secretary shall provide infor-mation to a State or regional authority to assist in developing a comprehensive stra-tegic response plan or plans for that State or region that shall— (i) include— (I) a concept of operations for each disease or pest of concern; or (II) a platform concept of operations for re-sponses to similar diseases or pests, as deter-mined by the Secretary; (ii) describe the appropriate interactions among, and roles of— (I) Federal, State, Tribal, and units of local government; and (II) plant or animal industry partners; (iii) include a decision matrix that shall, as appropriate, include— (I) information and timing requirements necessary for the use of veterinary counter-measures; (II) plant health management strategies; (III) deployment of other key materials and resources; and (IV) parameters for transitioning from out-break response to disease management; (iv) identify key response performance metrics to establish— (I) benchmarking; (II) progressive exercise evaluation; and (III) continuing improvement of a response plan, including by providing for— (aa) ongoing exercise evaluations to im-prove a response plan over time; and (bb) strategic information to guide invest-ment in any appropriate research to miti-gate the risk of a disease or pest of concern; and (v) be updated periodically, as determined to be appropriate by the Secretary, including in response to— (I) an exercise evaluation; or (II) new risk information becoming avail-able regarding a disease or pest of concern. (3) C
OORDINATION OF PLANS .—Pursuant to section 221(d)(6) of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994, the Sec-retary shall, as appropriate, assist in coordi-nating with other appropriate Federal, State, regional, or local officials in the exer-cising of the plans developed under para-graph (2). (c) N
ATIONAL PLANT DIAGNOSTIC NET-
WORK .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish in the Department of Agriculture a Na-tional Plant Diagnostic Network to monitor and surveil through diagnostics threats to plant health from diseases or pests of con-cern in the United States. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The National Plant Di-agnostic Network established under para-graph (1) shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4617 June 27, 2018 
(A) provide for increased awareness, sur-veillance, early identification, rapid commu-nication, warning, and diagnosis of a threat to plant health from a disease or pest of con-cern to protect natural and agricultural plant resources; (B) coordinate and collaborate with agen-cies of the Department of Agriculture and State agencies and authorities involved in plant health; (C) establish diagnostic laboratory stand-ards; (D) establish regional hubs throughout the United States that provide expertise, leader-ship, and support to diagnostic labs relating to the agricultural crops and plants in the covered regions of those hubs; and (E) establish a national repository for records of endemic or emergent diseases and pests of concern. (3) H
EAD OF NETWORK .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Institute of Food and Agriculture shall serve as the head of the National Plant Diagnostic Network. (B) D
UTIES .—The head of the National Plant Diagnostic Network shall— (i) coordinate and collaborate with land- grant colleges and universities (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)) in carrying out the re-quirements under paragraph (2), including through cooperative agreements described in paragraph (4); (ii) partner with the Administrator of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service for assistance with plant health regulation and inspection; and (iii) coordinate with other Federal agen-cies, as appropriate, in carrying out activi-ties relating to the National Plant Diag-nostic Network, including the sharing of bio-surveillance information. (4) C
OLLABORATION WITH LAND -GRANT COL -
LEGES AND UNIVERSITIES .—The Secretary shall seek to establish cooperative agree-ments with land-grant colleges and univer-sities (as defined in section 1404 of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)) that have the appropriate level of skill, expe-rience, and competence with plant diseases or pests of concern. (5) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to the amount authorized to carry out this subtitle under section 12205, there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. (d) N
ATIONAL PLANT DISEASE RECOVERY  S
YSTEM .— (1) R
ECOVERY SYSTEM .—The Secretary shall establish in the Department of Agriculture a National Plant Disease Recovery System to engage in strategic long-range planning to recover from high-consequence plant trans-boundary diseases. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The National Plant Disease Recovery System established under paragraph (1) shall— (A) coordinate with disease or pest of con-cern concept of operations response plans; (B) make long-range plans for the initi-ation of future research projects relating to high-consequence plant transboundary dis-eases; (C) establish research plans for long-term recovery; (D) plan for the identification and use of specific genotypes, cultivars, breeding lines, and other disease-resistant materials nec-essary for crop stabilization or improvement; and (E) establish a watch list of high-con-sequence plant transboundary diseases for the purpose of making long-range plans under subparagraph (B). SEC. 12204. BIOLOGICAL AGENTS AND TOXINS LIST. 
Section 212(a)(1)(B)(i) of the Agricultural Bioterrorism Protection Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8401(a)(1)(B)(i)) is amended— (1) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subclause (IV) as sub-clause (V); and (3) by inserting after subclause (III) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(IV)(aa) whether placing an agent or toxin on the list under subparagraph (A) would have a substantial negative impact on the research and development of solutions for the animal or plant disease caused by the agent or toxin; and ‘‘(bb) whether that negative impact would substantially outweigh the risk posed by the agent or toxin to animal or plant health if it is not placed on the list; and’’. 
SEC. 12205. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
In addition to other amounts made avail-able under this subtitle, there is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subtitle $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Subtitle C—Historically Underserved Producers 
SEC. 12301. FARMING OPPORTUNITIES TRAINING AND OUTREACH. 
(a) R EPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7405 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 3319f) is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 226B(e)(2)(B) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6934(e)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘the beginning farmer and rancher develop-ment program established under section 7405 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 3319f).’’ and inserting ‘‘the beginning farmer and rancher develop-ment grant program established under sub-section (d) of section 2501 of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279).’’. (B) Section 251(f)(1)(D) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6971(f)(1)(D)) is amended by striking clause (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iv) The beginning farmer and rancher de-velopment grant program established under subsection (d) of section 2501 of the Food, Ag-riculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279).’’. (C) Section 7506(e) of the Food, Conserva-tion, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7614c(e)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2)(C)— (I) by striking clause (v); (II) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iv) as clauses (ii) through (v), respectively; (III) by inserting before clause (ii) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(i) each grant awarded under subsection (d) of section 2501 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279);’’; (IV) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘450i(b)(2));’’ and inserting ‘‘3157(b)(2));’’; and (V) in clause (iv) (as so redesignated), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking subparagraph (E); (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively; (III) by inserting before subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(A) subsection (d) of section 2501 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279);’’; (IV) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘450i(b));’’ and inserting ‘‘3157(b));’’; (V) in subparagraph (D) (as so redesig-nated), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (VI) in subparagraph (E) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a pe-riod. (b) OUTREACH AND EDUCATION FOR SOCIALLY  D
ISADVANTAGED FARMERS AND RANCHERS , V
ETERAN FARMERS AND RANCHERS , AND BE-
GINNING FARMERS AND RANCHERS .—Section 2501 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279) is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘
FARMING OPPORTUNITIES TRAINING  
AND OUTREACH ’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (g), (h), and (i) as subsections (c), (j), (o), (k), (a), (l), (m), and (n), respectively, and moving the subsections so as to appear in alphabetical order; (3) by moving paragraph (5) of subsection (a) (as so redesignated) so as to appear at the end of subsection (c) (as so redesignated); (4) in subsection (a) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking the subsection designation and heading and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section:’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (6) as paragraphs (6), (5), (1), (3), and (4), respectively, and moving the paragraphs so as to appear in numerical order; (C) in paragraphs (1), (5), and (6) (as so re-designated), by striking ‘‘As used in this sec-tion, the’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(2) B
EGINNING FARMER OR RANCHER .—The term ‘beginning farmer or rancher’ means a person that— ‘‘(A)(i) has not operated a farm or ranch; or ‘‘(ii) has operated a farm or ranch for not more than 10 years; and ‘‘(B) meets such other criteria as the Sec-retary may establish.’’; (5) by inserting after subsection (a) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(b) F
ARMING OPPORTUNITIES TRAINING AND  O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall carry out this section to encourage and assist socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, veteran farmers and ranchers, and beginning farmers and ranchers in the ownership and operation of farms and ranches through— ‘‘(1) education and training; and ‘‘(2) equitable participation in all agricul-tural programs of the Department.’’; (6) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated and as amended by paragraph (3))— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (1), re-spectively, and moving the paragraphs so as to appear in numerical order; (C) in paragraph (1) (as so redesignated)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting ‘‘In this subsection, the term’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘this sub-section’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘450b))’’ and inserting ‘‘5304))’’; (D) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘agricultural’’ and inserting ‘‘agricultural, forestry, and re-lated’’; (E) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘(1)’’ in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A) and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; and (F) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking the subparagraph heading and inserting ‘‘O
UTREACH AND TECHNICAL AS -
SISTANCE .—’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4618 June 27, 2018 
(II) by striking ‘‘(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3)’’; and (III) by inserting ‘‘to socially disadvan-taged farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers’’ after ‘‘assistance’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; (iii) in subparagraph (D), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) The number of farms or ranches start-ed, maintained, or improved as a result of funds made available under the program. ‘‘(vi) Actions taken by the Secretary in partnership with eligible entities to enhance participation in agricultural programs by veteran farmers or ranchers and socially dis-advantaged farmers or ranchers. ‘‘(vii) The effectiveness of the actions de-scribed in clause (vi).’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) M
AXIMUM TERM AND AMOUNT OF GRANT , 
CONTRACT , OR AGREEMENT .—A grant, con-tract, or agreement entered into under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— ‘‘(i) for a term of not longer than 3 years; and ‘‘(ii) in an amount that is not more than $250,000 for each year of the grant, contract, or agreement. ‘‘(F) P
RIORITY .—In making grants and en-tering into contracts and other agreements under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall give priority to nongovernmental and com-munity-based organizations with an exper-tise in working with socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers or veteran farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(G) R
EGIONAL BALANCE .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall en-sure the geographical diversity of eligible entities to which grants are made and con-tracts and other agreements are entered into under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(H) P
ROHIBITION .—A grant, contract, or other agreement under subparagraph (A) may not be used for the planning, repair, re-habilitation, acquisition, or construction of a building or facility. ‘‘(I) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a fair and efficient external peer re-view process that— ‘‘(i) the Secretary shall use in making grants and entering into contracts and other agreements under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) shall include a broad representation of peers of the eligible entity. ‘‘(J) I
NPUT FROM ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—The Secretary shall seek input from eligible enti-ties providing technical assistance under this subsection not less than once each year to ensure that the program is responsive to the eligible entities providing that technical assistance.’’; (7) by inserting after subsection (c) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(d) B
EGINNING FARMER AND RANCHER DE-
VELOPMENT GRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of the National Insti-tute of Food and Agriculture, shall make competitive grants to support new and estab-lished local and regional training, education, outreach, and technical assistance initia-tives for beginning farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUDED PROGRAMS AND SERVICES .— Initiatives described in paragraph (1) may in-clude programs or services, as appropriate, relating to— ‘‘(A) basic livestock, forest management, and crop farming practices; ‘‘(B) innovative farm, ranch, and private, nonindustrial forest land transfer and suc-cession strategies; ‘‘(C) entrepreneurship and business train-ing; ‘‘(D) financial and risk management train-ing, including the acquisition and manage-ment of agricultural credit; ‘‘(E) natural resource management and planning; ‘‘(F) diversification and marketing strate-gies; ‘‘(G) curriculum development; ‘‘(H) mentoring, apprenticeships, and in-ternships; ‘‘(I) resources and referral; ‘‘(J) farm financial benchmarking; ‘‘(K) assisting beginning farmers and ranchers in acquiring land from retiring farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(L) agricultural rehabilitation and voca-tional training for veteran farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(M) farm safety and awareness; ‘‘(N) food safety and recordkeeping; and ‘‘(O) other similar subject areas of use to beginning farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(3) ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, the recipient of the grant shall be a collaborative State, Tribal, local, or regionally-based network or partnership of public or private entities. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—A recipient of a grant described in subparagraph (A) may include— ‘‘(i) a State cooperative extension service; ‘‘(ii) a Federal, State, municipal, or Tribal agency; ‘‘(iii) a community-based or nongovern-mental organization; ‘‘(iv) a college or university (including an institution awarding an associate’s degree) or foundation maintained by a college or university; or ‘‘(v) any other appropriate partner, as de-termined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) T
ERMS OF GRANTS .—A grant under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) be for a term of not longer than 3 years; and ‘‘(B) provide not more than $250,000 for each year. ‘‘(5) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—In making grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall evaluate, with respect to applications for the grants— ‘‘(A) relevancy; ‘‘(B) technical merit; ‘‘(C) achievability; ‘‘(D) the expertise and track record of 1 or more applicants; ‘‘(E) the consultation of beginning farmers and ranchers in design, implementation, and decisionmaking relating to an initiative de-scribed in paragraph (1); ‘‘(F) the adequacy of plans for— ‘‘(i) a participatory evaluation process; ‘‘(ii) outcome-based reporting; and ‘‘(iii) the communication of findings and results beyond the immediate target audi-ence; and ‘‘(G) other appropriate factors, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) R
EGIONAL BALANCE .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall en-sure the geographical diversity of recipients of grants under this subsection. ‘‘(7) P
RIORITY .—In making grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to partnerships and collaborations that are led by or include nongovernmental, com-munity-based organizations and school-based educational organizations with expertise in new agricultural producer training and out-reach. ‘‘(8) P
ROHIBITION .—A grant made under this subsection may not be used for the planning, repair, rehabilitation, acquisition, or con-struction of a building or facility. ‘‘(9) C
OORDINATION PERMITTED .—A recipient of a grant under this subsection may coordi-nate with a recipient of a grant under sec-tion 1680 in addressing the needs of veteran farmers and ranchers with disabilities. ‘‘(10) CONSECUTIVE AWARDS .—A grant under this subsection may be made to a recipient for consecutive years. ‘‘(11) P
EER REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a fair and efficient external peer re-view process, which the Secretary shall use in making grants under this subsection. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The peer review proc-ess under subparagraph (A) shall include a review panel composed of a broad representa-tion of peers of the applicant for the grant that are not applying for a grant under this subsection. ‘‘(12) P
ARTICIPATION BY OTHER FARMERS AND  
RANCHERS .—Nothing in this subsection pro-hibits the Secretary from allowing a farmer or rancher who is not a beginning farmer or rancher (including an owner or operator that has ended, or expects to end within 5 years, active labor in a farming or ranching oper-ation as a producer) from participating in a program or service under this subsection, to the extent that the Secretary determines that such participation— ‘‘(A) is appropriate; and ‘‘(B) will not detract from the primary pur-pose of increasing opportunities for begin-ning farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—In mak- ing grants and entering into contracts and other agreements, as applicable, under sub-sections (c) and (d), the Secretary shall make available a simplified application proc-ess for an application for a grant that re-quests less than $50,000.’’; (8) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) E
DUCATION TEAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish beginning farmer and rancher edu-cation teams to develop curricula and con-duct educational programs and workshops for beginning farmers and ranchers in di-verse geographical areas of the United States. ‘‘(2) C
URRICULUM .—In promoting the devel-opment of curricula under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, include modules tailored to spe-cific audiences of beginning farmers and ranchers, based on crop diversity or regional diversity. ‘‘(3) C
OMPOSITION .—In establishing an edu-cation team under paragraph (1) for a spe-cific program or workshop, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable— ‘‘(A) obtain the short-term services of spe-cialists with knowledge and expertise in pro-grams serving beginning farmers and ranch-ers; and ‘‘(B) use officers and employees of the De-partment with direct experience in programs of the Department that may be taught as part of the curriculum for the program or workshop. ‘‘(4) C
OOPERATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary shall cooperate, to the maximum extent practicable, with— ‘‘(i) State cooperative extension services; ‘‘(ii) Federal, State, and Tribal agencies; ‘‘(iii) community-based and nongovern-mental organizations; ‘‘(iv) colleges and universities (including an institution awarding an associate’s de-gree) or foundations maintained by a college or university; and ‘‘(v) other appropriate partners, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—Notwith- standing chapter 63 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary may enter into a cooper-ative agreement to reflect the terms of any cooperation under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(h) C
URRICULUM AND TRAINING CLEARING -
HOUSE .—The Secretary shall establish an on-line clearinghouse that makes available to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4619 June 27, 2018 
beginning farmers and ranchers education curricula and training materials and pro-grams, which may include online courses for direct use by beginning farmers and ranch-ers. ‘‘(i) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall seek stake-holder input from— ‘‘(1) beginning farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(2) socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(3) veteran farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(4) national, State, Tribal, and local orga-nizations and other persons with expertise in operating programs for— ‘‘(A) beginning farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(B) socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; or ‘‘(C) veteran farmers and ranchers; ‘‘(5) the Advisory Committee on Beginning Farmers and Ranchers established under sec-tion 5(b) of the Agricultural Credit Improve-ment Act of 1992 (7 U.S.C. 1929 note; Public Law 102–554); ‘‘(6) the Advisory Committee on Minority Farmers established under section 14008 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2279 note; Public Law 110–246); and ‘‘(7) the Tribal Advisory Committee estab-lished under subsection (b) of section 309 of the Department of Agriculture Reorganiza-tion Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6921).’’; (9) in paragraph (3) of subsection (k) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘and not later than March 1, 2020,’’ after ‘‘1991,’’; and (10) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall use to carry out this section $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 for each fis-cal years 2018 through 2023. ‘‘(3) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts made available to carry out this section— ‘‘(A) 50 percent shall be used to carry out subsection (c); and ‘‘(B) 50 percent shall be used to carry out subsection (d). ‘‘(4) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not less than 5 percent of the amounts made available to carry out subsections (d) and (n) for a fiscal year shall be used to support programs and services that address the needs of— ‘‘(i) limited resource beginning farmers and ranchers, as defined by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers that are beginning farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(iii) farmworkers desiring to become farmers or ranchers. ‘‘(B) V
ETERAN FARMERS AND RANCHERS .— Not less than 5 percent of the amounts made available to carry out subsections (d), (g), and (h) for a fiscal year shall be used to sup-port programs and services that address the needs of veteran farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(5) I
NTERAGENCY FUNDING .—Any agency of the Department may participate in any grant, contract, or agreement entered into under this section by contributing funds, if the contributing agency determines that the objectives of the grant, contract, or agree-ment will further the authorized programs of the contributing agency. ‘‘(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Not more than 5 percent of the amounts made avail-able to carry out this section for a fiscal year may be used for expenses relating to the administration of this section. ‘‘(7) L
IMITATION ON INDIRECT COSTS .—A re- cipient of a grant or a party to a contract or other agreement under subsection (c) or (d) may not use more than 10 percent of the funds received for the indirect costs of car-rying out a grant.’’. SEC. 12302. URBAN AGRICULTURE. 
(a) D EFINITION OF DIRECTOR .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Direc-tor of the Office of Urban Agriculture and In-novative Production established under sec-tion 222(a)(1) of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (as added by subsection (b)). (b) O
FFICE OF URBAN AGRICULTURE AND IN-
NOVATIVE PRODUCTION .—Subtitle A of the De-partment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.) (as amended by section 12202) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 222. OFFICE OF URBAN AGRICULTURE AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTION. 
‘‘(a) O FFICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish in the Department an Office of Urban Agriculture and Innovative Production. ‘‘(2) D
IRECTOR .—The Secretary shall ap-point a senior official to serve as the Direc-tor of the Office of Urban Agriculture and In-novative Production (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘Director’). ‘‘(3) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office of Urban Agriculture and Innovative Produc-tion shall be to encourage and promote urban, indoor, and other emerging agricul-tural practices, including— ‘‘(A) community gardens and farms located in urban areas, suburbs, and urban clusters; ‘‘(B) rooftop farms, outdoor vertical pro-duction, and green walls; ‘‘(C) indoor farms, greenhouses, and high- tech vertical technology farms; ‘‘(D) hydroponic, aeroponic, and aquaponic farm facilities; and ‘‘(E) other innovations in agricultural pro-duction, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director shall be responsible for engaging in activities to carry out the mission described in paragraph (3), including by— ‘‘(A) managing and facilitating programs, including for community gardens, urban farms, rooftop agriculture, and indoor vertical production; ‘‘(B) coordinating with the agencies and of-ficials of the Department; ‘‘(C) advising the Secretary on issues relat-ing to the mission of the Office of Urban Ag-riculture and Innovative Production; ‘‘(D) ensuring that the programs of the De-partment are updated to address urban, in-door, and other emerging agricultural pro-duction practices, in coordination with the officials in the Department responsible for those programs; ‘‘(E) engaging in external relations with stakeholders and coordinating external part-nerships to share best practices, provide mentorship, and offer technical assistance; ‘‘(F) facilitating interagency program co-ordination and developing interagency tools for the promotion of existing programs and resources; ‘‘(G) creating resources that identify com-mon State and municipal best practices for navigating local policies; ‘‘(H) reviewing and improving farm enter-prise development programs that provide in-formation about financial literacy, business planning, and food safety record keeping; ‘‘(I) coordinating networks of community gardens and facilitating connections to local food banks, in partnership with the Food and Nutrition Service; and ‘‘(J) collaborating with other Federal agen-cies that use agricultural practices on-site for food production or infrastructure. ‘‘(b) U
RBAN AGRICULTURE AND INNOVATIVE  P
RODUCTION ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish an Urban Agri-culture and Innovative Production Advisory Committee (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Committee’) to advise the Secretary on— ‘‘(A) the development of policies relating to urban, indoor, and other emerging agri-cultural production practices; and ‘‘(B) any other aspects of the implementa-tion of this section. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall be composed of 15 members, of whom— ‘‘(i) 5 shall be individuals who are agricul-tural producers, of whom— ‘‘(I) not fewer than 2 individuals shall be agricultural producers located in an urban area or urban cluster; and ‘‘(II) not fewer than 2 individuals shall be farmers that use innovative technology, in-cluding indoor farming and rooftop agri-culture; ‘‘(ii) 2 shall be representatives from an in-stitution of higher education or extension program; ‘‘(iii) 1 shall be an individual who rep-resents a nonprofit organization, which may include a public health, environmental, or community organization; ‘‘(iv) 1 shall be an individual who rep-resents business and economic development, which may include a business development entity, a chamber of commerce, a city gov-ernment, or a planning organization; ‘‘(v) 1 shall be an individual with supply chain experience, which may include a food aggregator, wholesale food distributor, food hub, or an individual who has direct-to-con-sumer market experience; ‘‘(vi) 1 shall be an individual from a financ-ing entity; and ‘‘(vii) 4 shall be individuals with related experience or expertise in urban, indoor, and other emerging agriculture production prac-tices, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The Sec-retary shall appoint the members of the Committee not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(3) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), a member of the Com-mittee shall be appointed for a term of 3 years. ‘‘(B) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—Of the mem-bers first appointed to the Committee— ‘‘(i) 5 of the members, as determined by the Secretary, shall be appointed for a term of 3 years; ‘‘(ii) 5 of the members, as determined by the Secretary, shall be appointed for a term of 2 years; and ‘‘(iii) 5 of the members, as determined by the Secretary, shall be appointed for a term of 1 year. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-mittee— ‘‘(i) shall not affect the powers of the Com-mittee; and ‘‘(ii) shall be filled as soon as practicable in the same manner as the original appoint-ment. ‘‘(D) C
ONSECUTIVE TERMS .—An initial ap-pointee of the committee may serve an addi-tional consecutive term if the member is re-appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(A) F
REQUENCY .—The Committee shall meet not fewer than 3 times per year. ‘‘(B) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the members are appointed under paragraph (2)(B), the Committee shall hold the first meeting of the Committee. ‘‘(5) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4620 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(i) develop recommendations— ‘‘(I) to further the mission of the Office of Urban Agriculture and Innovative Produc-tion described in subsection (a)(3); ‘‘(II) regarding the establishment of urban agriculture policy priorities and goals within the Department; ‘‘(ii) advise the Director on policies and initiatives administered by the Office of Urban Agriculture and Innovative Produc-tion; ‘‘(iii) evaluate and review ongoing research and extension activities relating to urban, indoor, and other innovative agricultural practices; ‘‘(iv) identify new and existing barriers to successful urban, indoor, and other emerging agricultural production practices; and ‘‘(v) provide additional assistance and ad-vice to the Director as appropriate. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and each year thereafter, the Committee shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report de-scribing the recommendations developed under subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(6) P
ERSONNEL MATTERS .— ‘‘(A) C
OMPENSATION .—A member of the Committee shall serve without compensa-tion. ‘‘(B) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(7) T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Committee shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date on which the members are appointed under paragraph (2)(B). ‘‘(B) E
XTENSIONS .—Before the date on which the Committee terminates, the Sec-retary may renew the Committee for 1 or more 2-year periods.’’. (c) F
ARM NUMBERS .—The Secretary shall provide for the assignment of a farm number (as defined in section 718.2 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act)) for rooftop farms, indoor farms, and other urban farms, as de-termined by the Secretary. (d) G
RANT AUTHORITY .— (1) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (A) a community organization; (B) a nonprofit organization; (C) a unit of local government; (D) a Tribal government; (E) any school that serves any of grades kindergarten through grade 12; and (F) an institution of higher education. (2) G
RANTS .—The Director may award com-petitive grants to eligible entities to support the development of urban agriculture and in-novative production. (3) F
UNDING PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this subsection, priority shall be given to an eligible entity that uses and provides an evaluation of a grant received under this subsection— (A) to plan and construct gardens or non-profit farms; (B) to operate community gardens or non-profit farms that— (i) produce food for donation; (ii) have a demonstrated environmental benefit and educational component; and (iii) are part of community efforts to ad-dress local food security needs; (C) to educate a community on— (i) issues relating to food systems, includ-ing connections between rural farmers and urban communities; (ii) nutrition; (iii) environmental impacts, including pol-linator health, soil fertility, composing, heat islands, and storm water runoff; and (iv) agricultural production, including pest and disease management; and (D) to provide multiple small dollar equity investments to help offset start-up costs re-lating to new production, land access, and equipment for new and beginning farmers who— (i) develop a 3-year business plan; (ii) live in the community in which they plan to farm; and (iii) provide a match to the start-up invest-ment in the form of cash or an in-kind con-tribution. (e) PILOT PROJECTS .— (1) U
RBAN AND SUBURBAN COUNTY COMMIT -
TEES.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program for not fewer than 5 years that establishes 10 county committees in accordance with sec-tion 8(b)(5)(B)(ii)(II) of the Soil Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act (16 U.S.C. 590h(b)(5)(B)) to operate in counties located in urban or suburban areas with a high con-centration of urban or suburban farms. (B) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph re-quires or precludes the establishment of a Farm Service Agency office in a county in which a county committee is established under subparagraph (A). (C) R
EPORT .—For fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report describing a summary of— (i) the status of the pilot program under subparagraph (A); (ii) meetings and other activities of the committees established under that subpara-graph; and (iii) the types and volume of assistance and services provided to farmers in counties in which county committees are established under that subparagraph. (2) I
NCREASING COMMUNITY COMPOST AND RE -
DUCING FOOD WASTE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Director (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Secretary’’), shall carry out pilot projects under which the Secretary shall offer to enter into cooperative agree-ments with local or municipal governments in not fewer than 10 States to develop and test strategies for planning and imple-menting municipal compost plans and food waste reduction plans. (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES AND PURPOSES OF  
PILOT PROJECTS .—Under a cooperative agree-ment entered into under this paragraph, the Secretary shall provide assistance to munici-palities, counties, local governments, or city planners, as appropriate, to carry out plan-ning and implementing activities that will— (i) generate compost; (ii) increase access to compost for agricul-tural producers; (iii) reduce reliance on, and limit the use of, fertilizer; (iv) improve soil quality; (v) encourage waste management and permaculture business development; (vi) increase rainwater absorption; (vii) reduce municipal food waste; and (viii) divert food waste from landfills. (C) E
VALUATION AND RANKING OF APPLICA -
TIONS .— (i) C
RITERIA .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish criteria for the selec-tion of pilot projects under this paragraph. (ii) PRIORITY .—In selecting a pilot project under this paragraph, the Secretary shall give priority to an application for a pilot project that— (I) anticipates or demonstrates economic benefits; (II) incorporates plans to make compost easily accessible to agricultural producers, including community gardeners; (III) integrates other food waste strategies, including food recovery efforts; and (IV) provides for collaboration with mul-tiple partners. (D) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—The recipient of assistance for a pilot project under this paragraph shall provide funds, in-kind con-tributions, or a combination of both from sources other than funds provided through the grant in an amount equal to not less than 25 percent of the amount of the grant. (E) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall con-duct an evaluation of the pilot projects fund-ed under this paragraph to assess different solutions for increasing access to compost and reducing municipal food waste, includ-ing an evaluation of— (i) the amount of Federal funds used for each project; and (ii) a measurement of the outcomes of each project. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section and the amendments made by this section $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 12303. OFFICE OF ADVOCACY AND OUT-REACH. 
Section 226B(f)(3)(B) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6934(f)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 12304. TRIBAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
Section 309 of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6921) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) T
RIBAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(B) R
ELEVANT COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘relevant Committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; and ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. ‘‘(C) T
RIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘tribal organization’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT OF COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an advisory committee, to be known as the ‘Tribal Advisory Committee’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Committee’) to provide advice and guidance to the Secretary on matters relating to Tribal and Indian af-fairs. ‘‘(B) F
ACILITATION .—The Committee shall facilitate, but not supplant, government-to- government consultation between the De-partment of Agriculture (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Department’) and Indian tribes. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
OMPOSITION .—The Council shall be composed of 9 members, of whom— ‘‘(i) 7 shall be appointed by the Secretary; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4621 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) 1 shall be appointed by the chair-person of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(iii) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking Member of the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. ‘‘(B) N
OMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall accept nominations for members of the Council from— ‘‘(i) an Indian tribe; ‘‘(ii) a tribal organization; and ‘‘(iii) a national or regional organization with expertise in issues relating to the du-ties of the Committee described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(C) D
IVERSITY .—To the maximum extent feasible, the Secretary shall ensure that the members of the Committee represent a di-verse set of expertise on issues relating to geographic regions, Indian tribes, and the ag-ricultural industry. ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—No member of the Com-mittee shall be an officer or employee of the Federal government. ‘‘(E) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of the Committee— ‘‘(I) subject to clause (ii), shall be ap-pointed to a 3-year term; and ‘‘(II) may be reappointed to not more than 3 consecutive terms. ‘‘(ii) I
NITIAL STAGGERING .—The first 7 ap-pointments made by the Secretary under paragraph (3)(A)(i) shall be for a 2-year term. ‘‘(iii) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Council shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment not more than 90 days after the date on which the position be-comes vacant. ‘‘(F) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Council shall meet in person not less than twice each year. ‘‘(ii) O
FFICE OF TRIBAL RELATIONS REP -
RESENTATIVE .—Not fewer than 1 representa-tive from the Office of Tribal Relations of the Department shall be present at each meeting of the Committee. ‘‘(iii) D
EPARTMENT OF INTERIOR REPRESENT -
ATIVE .—The Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs of the Department of the Interior (or a designee) shall be present at each meeting of the Committee. ‘‘(iv) N
ONVOTING REPRESENTATIVES .—The individuals described in clauses (ii) and (iii) shall be nonvoting representatives. ‘‘(4) D
UTIES OF COMMITTEE .—The Com-mittee shall— ‘‘(A) identify evolving issues of relevance to Indian tribes relating to programs of the Department; ‘‘(B) communicate to the Secretary the issues identified under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) submit to the Secretary recommenda-tions for and solutions to— ‘‘(i) the issues identified under subpara-graph (A); ‘‘(ii) issues raised at the Tribal, regional, or national level; and ‘‘(iii) issues relating to any Tribal con-sultation carried out by the Department; ‘‘(D) discuss issues and proposals for changes to the regulations, policies, and pro-cedures of the Department that impact In-dian tribes; ‘‘(E) identify priorities and provide advice on appropriate strategies for Tribal con-sultation on issues at the Tribal, regional, or national level regarding the Department; ‘‘(F) ensure that pertinent issues of the De-partment are brought to the attention of an Indian tribe in a timely manner so that timely feedback from an Indian tribe can be obtained; and ‘‘(G) identify and propose solutions to any interdepartmental barrier between the De-partment and other Federal agencies. ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Committee shall submit to the Secretary and the relevant Commit-tees of Congress a report that describes— ‘‘(i) the activities of the Committee during the previous year; and ‘‘(ii) recommendations for legislative or administrative action for the following year. ‘‘(B) R
ESPONSE FROM SECRETARY .—Not more than 45 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a report under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall submit a written response to that report to— ‘‘(i) the Committee; and ‘‘(ii) the relevant Committees of Congress. ‘‘(6) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .—Members of the Committee shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the an-nual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Committee. ‘‘(7) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT EX -
EMPTION .—Section 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Committee.’’. 
SEC. 12305. EXPERIENCED SERVICES PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1252 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3851) is amend-ed— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AG-
RICULTURE CONSERVATION ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘a conservation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘an’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘(in this section referred to as the ‘ACES Program’)’’ and inserting ‘‘(re-ferred to in this section as the ‘program’)’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘provide technical’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘provide— ‘‘(1) technical’’; and (B) in paragraph (1) (as so designated)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary. Such technical services may include’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary, including’’; (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) technical, professional, and adminis-trative services to support the research, edu-cation, and economics mission area of the Department of Agriculture (including the Agricultural Research Service, the Economic Research Service, the National Agricultural Library, the National Agricultural Statistics Service, the Office of the Chief Scientist, and the National Institute of Food and Agri-culture), including— ‘‘(A) supporting agricultural research and information; ‘‘(B) advancing scientific knowledge relat-ing to agriculture; ‘‘(C) enhancing access to agricultural in-formation; ‘‘(D) providing statistical information and research results to farmers, ranchers, agri-business, and public officials; and ‘‘(E) assisting research, education, and ex-tension programs in land-grant colleges and universities (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)).’’; (3) by striking ‘‘ACES’’ each place it ap-pears; (4) by striking ‘‘technical services’’ each place it appears (other than in subsection (a)) and inserting ‘‘technical, professional, or administrative services, as applicable,’’; and (5) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) by striking the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘C
ONSERVATION TECHNICAL SERV -
ICES.—’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘with respect to sub-section (a)(1),’’ before ‘‘the Secretary’’. (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 is amended by moving section 1252 (16 U.S.C. 3851) (as amended by subsection (a)) and section 1253 (as added by section 2409) to appear after sec-tion 1251 (as added by section 2429). 
SEC. 12306. YOUTH OUTREACH AND BEGINNING FARMER COORDINATION. 
Subtitle D of title VII of the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (as amended by section 12301(a)(1)) is amended by inserting after section 7404 (7 U.S.C. 3101 note; Public Law 107–171) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7405. YOUTH OUTREACH AND BEGINNING FARMER COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) B
EGINNING FARMER OR RANCHER .—The term ‘beginning farmer or rancher’ means a person that— ‘‘(A)(i) has not operated a farm or ranch; or ‘‘(ii) has operated a farm or ranch for not more than 10 years; and ‘‘(B) meets such other criteria as the Sec-retary may establish. ‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL COORDINATOR .—The term ‘National Coordinator’ means the National Beginning Farmer and Rancher Coordinator established under subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(3) S
TATE COORDINATOR .—The term ‘State coordinator’ means a State beginning farmer and rancher coordinator designated under subsection (c)(1)(A). ‘‘(4) S
TATE OFFICE .—The term ‘State office’ means— ‘‘(A) a State office of— ‘‘(i) the Farm Service Agency; ‘‘(ii) the Natural Resources Conservation Service; ‘‘(iii) the Rural Business-Cooperative Serv-ice; or ‘‘(iv) the Rural Utilities Service; or ‘‘(B) a regional office of the Risk Manage-ment Agency. ‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL BEGINNING FARMER AND  R
ANCHER COORDINATOR .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish in the Department the position of National Beginning Farmer and Rancher Co-ordinator. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The National Coordi-nator shall— ‘‘(i) advise the Secretary and coordinate activities of the Department on programs, policies, and issues relating to beginning farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(ii) in consultation with the applicable State food and agriculture council, deter-mine whether to approve a plan submitted by a State coordinator under subsection (c)(3)(B). ‘‘(B) D
ISCRETIONARY DUTIES .—Additional duties of the National Coordinator may in-clude— ‘‘(i) developing and implementing new strategies— ‘‘(I) for outreach to beginning farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(II) to assist beginning farmers and ranchers with connecting to owners or opera-tors that have ended, or expect to end within 5 years, actively owning or operating a farm or ranch; and ‘‘(ii) facilitating interagency and inter-departmental collaboration on issues relat-ing to beginning farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(3) R
EPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the National Coordinator shall distribute within the Department and make publicly available a report describing the status of steps taken to carry out the du-ties described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) C
ONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—In carrying out the duties under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4622 June 27, 2018 
paragraph (2), the National Coordinator may enter into a contract or cooperative agree-ment with an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)), coopera-tive extension services (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103), or a nonprofit organization— ‘‘(A) to conduct research on the profit-ability of new farms in operation for not less than 5 years in a region; ‘‘(B) to develop educational materials; ‘‘(C) to conduct workshops, courses, train-ing, or certified vocational training; or ‘‘(D) to conduct mentoring activities. ‘‘(c) S
TATE BEGINNING FARMER AND RANCH -
ERCOORDINATORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATION .—The National Coordi-nator, in consultation with State food and agriculture councils and directors of State offices, shall designate in each State a State beginning farmer and rancher coordinator from among employees of State offices. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be designated as a State coordinator, an employee shall— ‘‘(i) be familiar with issues relating to be-ginning farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(ii) have the ability to interface with other Federal departments and agencies. ‘‘(2) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall de-velop a training plan to provide to each State coordinator knowledge of programs and services available from the Department for beginning farmers and ranchers, taking into consideration the needs of all produc-tion types and sizes of agricultural oper-ations. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—A State coordinator shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate technical assistance at the State level to assist beginning farmers and ranchers in accessing programs of the De-partment; ‘‘(B) develop and submit to the National Coordinator for approval under subsection (b)(2)(A)(ii) a State plan to improve the co-ordination, delivery, and efficacy of pro-grams of the Department to beginning farm-ers and ranchers, taking into consideration the needs of all types of production methods and sizes of agricultural operation, at each county and area office in the State; ‘‘(C) oversee implementation of an ap-proved State plan described in subparagraph (B); ‘‘(D) work with outreach coordinators in the State offices to ensure appropriate infor-mation about technical assistance is avail-able at outreach events and activities; and ‘‘(E) coordinate partnerships and joint out-reach efforts with other organizations and government agencies serving beginning farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(d) A
GRICULTURAL YOUTH COORDINATOR .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish in the Department the position of Agricultural Youth Coordinator. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Agricultural Youth Co-ordinator shall— ‘‘(A) promote the role of school-based agri-cultural education and youth-serving agri-cultural organizations in motivating and preparing young people to pursue careers in the agriculture, food, and natural resources systems; ‘‘(B) coordinate outreach to programs and agencies within the Department— ‘‘(i) to work with schools and youth-serv-ing organizations to develop joint programs and initiatives, such as internships; and ‘‘(ii) to provide resources and input to schools and youth-serving organizations re-garding motivating and preparing young peo-ple to pursue careers in the agriculture, food, and natural resources systems; ‘‘(C) raise awareness among youth about the importance of agriculture in a diversity of fields and disciplines; ‘‘(D) provide information to persons in-volved in youth, food, and agriculture orga-nizations about the availability of, and eligi-bility requirements for, agricultural pro-grams, with particular emphasis on— ‘‘(i) beginning farmer and rancher pro-grams; ‘‘(ii) agriculture education; ‘‘(iii) nutrition education; ‘‘(iv) science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education; and ‘‘(v) other food and agriculture programs for youth; ‘‘(E) serve as a resource for youth involved in food and agriculture applying for partici-pation in agricultural programs; ‘‘(F) conduct outreach to youth agriculture organizations; and ‘‘(G) advocate on behalf of youth involved in food and agriculture and youth organiza-tions in interactions with employees of the Department. ‘‘(3) CONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—For purposes of carrying out the du-ties described in paragraph (2), the Agricul-tural Youth Coordinator— ‘‘(A) shall consult with land-grant colleges and universities and cooperative extension services (as those terms are defined in sec-tion 1404 of the National Agricultural Re-search, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)); and ‘‘(B) may enter into contracts or coopera-tive agreements with the research centers of the Agricultural Research Service, institu-tions of higher education (as defined in sec-tion 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)), or nonprofit organizations for— ‘‘(i) the development of educational mate-rials; ‘‘(ii) the conduct of workshops, courses, and certified vocational training; ‘‘(iii) the conduct of mentoring activities; or ‘‘(iv) the provision of internship opportuni-ties.’’. 
SEC. 12307. AVAILABILITY OF DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE PROGRAMS FOR VET-ERAN FARMERS AND RANCHERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF VETERAN FARMER OR  R
ANCHER .—Paragraph (7) of subsection (a) (as redesignated by section 12301(b)(3)) of section 2501 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) is a veteran (as defined in section 101 of that title) who has first obtained status as a veteran (as so defined) during the most re-cent 10-year period.’’. (b) F
EDERAL CROPINSURANCE .— (1) D
EFINITION OF VETERAN FARMER OR  
RANCHER .—Section 502(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1502(b)) (as amended by section 11101) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) V
ETERAN FARMER OR RANCHER .—The term ‘veteran farmer or rancher’ means a farmer or rancher who— ‘‘(A) has served in the Armed Forces (as de-fined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code); and ‘‘(B)(i) has not operated a farm or ranch; ‘‘(ii) has operated a farm or ranch for not more than 5 years; or ‘‘(iii) is a veteran (as defined in section 101 of that title) who has first obtained status as a veteran (as so defined) during the most re-cent 5-year period.’’. (2) CROP INSURANCE .—Section 508 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(5)(E)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Corporation’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Corporation’’; and (ii) in clause (i) (as so designated), by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, and veteran farmers or ranchers. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION .—The Corporation shall coordinate with other agencies of the De-partment that provide programs or services to farmers and ranchers described in clause (i) to make available coverage under the waiver under that clause and to share eligi-bility information to reduce paperwork and avoid duplication.’’; (B) in subsection (e)(8)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND VETERAN ’’ after ‘‘ BEGINNING ’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or veteran farmer or rancher’’ after ‘‘beginning farmer or ranch-er’’ each place it appears; and (C) in subsection (g)— (i) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘or vet-eran farmer or rancher’’ after ‘‘beginning farmer or rancher’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in paragraph (4)(B)(ii)(II), by inserting ‘‘and veteran farmers or ranchers’’ after ‘‘be-ginning farmers or ranchers’’. (3) E
DUCATION AND RISK MANAGEMENT AS -
SISTANCE .—Section 524(a)(4) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1524(a)(4)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) veteran farmers or ranchers.’’. (c) D
OWN PAYMENT LOAN PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 310E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1935) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘quali-fied beginning farmers or ranchers and so-cially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible farmers or ranchers’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘recipi-ents of the loans’’ and inserting ‘‘farmers or ranchers’’; (B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) encourage retiring farmers and ranch-ers to assist in the sale of their farms and ranches to eligible farmers or ranchers by providing seller financing;’’; and (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘for begin-ning farmers or ranchers or socially dis-advantaged farmers or ranchers’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘for— ‘‘(A) beginning farmers or ranchers; ‘‘(B) socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers, as defined in section 355(e); or ‘‘(C) veteran farmers or ranchers, as de-fined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a))’’; and (D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘a quali-fied beginning farmer or rancher or socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher’’ and in-serting ‘‘an eligible farmer or rancher’’; and (3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE FARMER OR  R
ANCHER .—In this section, the term ‘eligible farmer or rancher’ means— ‘‘(1) a qualified beginning farmer or ranch-er; ‘‘(2) a socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher, as defined in section 355(e); and ‘‘(3) a veteran farmer or rancher, as defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4623 June 27, 2018 
Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)).’’. (d) I
NTEREST RATEREDUCTION PROGRAM .— Section 351(e)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1999(e)(2)(B)) is amended— (1) in the subparagraph heading, by insert-ing ‘‘
AND VETERAN ’’ after ‘‘B EGINNING ’’; (2) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or veteran farmers and ranchers (as defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conserva-tion, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)))’’ before the period at the end; and (3) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘beginning’’. (e) N
ATIONAL FOODSAFETY TRAINING , EDU-
CATION , EXTENSION , OUTREACH , AND TECH-
NICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 405(c) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7625(c)) is amended by inserting ‘‘veteran farmers or ranchers (as defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conserva-tion, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a))),’’ after ‘‘socially disadvantaged farmers,’’. (f) A
DMINISTRATION AND OPERATION OF NON-
INSURED CROP ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 196 of the Federal Agriculture Improve-ment and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333) is amended— (1) in subsection (k)(2), by inserting ‘‘, or a veteran farmer or rancher (as defined in sec-tion 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)))’’ before the period at the end; and (2) in subsection (l), in paragraph (3) (as re-designated by section 1601(7)(C))— (A) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
VETERAN ,’’ before ‘‘ AND SOCIALLY ’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and veteran farmers or ranchers (as defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)))’’ before ‘‘in ex-change’’. (g) F
UNDING FOR TRANSITION OPTION FOR  C
ERTAIN FARMERS OR RANCHERS .—Section 1241(a)(1)(B) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(a)(1)(B)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘beginning farmers or ranchers and so-cially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers’’ and inserting ‘‘covered farmers or ranchers, as defined in section 1235(f)(1)’’. (h) S
UPPLEMENTAL AGRICULTURAL DISASTER  A
SSISTANCE .— (1) D
EFINITION OF COVERED PRODUCER .—Sec- tion 1501(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(a)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), re-spectively; and (B) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED PRODUCER .—The term ‘cov-ered producer’ means an eligible producer on a farm that is— ‘‘(A) as determined by the Secretary— ‘‘(i) a beginning farmer or rancher; ‘‘(ii) a socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher; or ‘‘(iii) a limited resource farmer or rancher; or ‘‘(B) a veteran farmer or rancher, as de-fined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)).’’. (2) E
MERGENCY ASSISTANCE FOR LIVESTOCK , 
HONEY BEES , AND FARM -RAISED FISH .—Section 1501(d) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
AYMENT RATE FOR COVERED PRO -
DUCERS .—In the case of a covered producer that is eligible to receive assistance under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide reimbursement of 90 percent of the cost of losses described in paragraph (1) or (2).’’. Subtitle D—Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 Amendments SEC. 12401. OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL RELA-TIONS AND INTERGOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS. 
(a) A SSISTANT SECRETARIES OF AGRI-
CULTURE .—Section 218(a)(1) of the Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6918(a)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Relations’’ and inserting ‘‘Relations and Intergovernmental Affairs’’. (b) S
UCCESSION .—Any official who is serv-ing as the Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Congressional Relations on the date of enactment of this Act and who was ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, shall not be required to be reappointed as a result of the change made to the name of that position under the amendment made by subsection (a). 
SEC. 12402. MILITARY VETERANS AGRICULTURAL LIAISON. 
Section 219 of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6919) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) establish and periodically update the website described in subsection (d); and ‘‘(6) in carrying out the duties described in paragraphs (1) through (5), consult with and provide technical assistance to any Federal agency, including the Department of De-fense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Small Business Administration, and the Department of Labor.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) W
EBSITE REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The website required under subsection (b)(5) shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Positions identified within the De-partment of Agriculture that are available to veterans for apprenticeships. ‘‘(B) Apprenticeships, programs of training on the job, and programs of education that are approved for purposes of chapter 36 of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(C) Employment skills training programs for members of the Armed Forces carried out pursuant to section 1143(e) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(D) Information designed to assist busi-nesses, nonprofit entities, educational insti-tutions, and farmers interested in developing apprenticeships, on-the-job training, edu-cational, or entrepreneurial programs for veterans in navigating the process of having a program approved by a State approving agency for purposes of chapter 36 of title 38, United States Code, including— ‘‘(i) contact information for relevant of-fices in the Department of Defense, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, Department of Labor, and Small Business Administration; ‘‘(ii) basic requirements for approval by each State approving agency; ‘‘(iii) recommendations with respect to training and coursework to be used during apprenticeships or on-the-job training that will enable a veteran to be eligible for agri-cultural programs; and ‘‘(iv) examples of successful programs and curriculums that have been approved for pur-poses of chapter 36 of title 38, United States Code (with consent of the organization and without any personally identifiable informa-tion). ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF WEBSITE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this para-graph, and once every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall conduct a study to determine if the website required under subsection (b)(5) is effective in providing veterans the information required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) INEFFECTIVE WEBSITE .—If the Sec-retary determines that the website is not ef-fective under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(i) notify the agriculture and veterans committees described in subparagraph (C) of that determination; and ‘‘(ii) not earlier than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary provides notice under clause (i), terminate the website. ‘‘(C) A
GRICULTURE AND VETERANS COMMIT -
TEES.—The agriculture and veterans commit-tees referred to in subparagraph (B)(i) are— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(iv) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate. ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall consult with organizations that serve veterans. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and annually thereafter, the Mili-tary Veterans Agricultural Liaison shall submit a report on beginning farmer training for veterans and agricultural vocational and rehabilitation programs for veterans to— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; and ‘‘(D) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—The report sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) a summary of the measures taken to carry out subsections (b) and (c); ‘‘(B) a description of the information pro-vided to veterans under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b); ‘‘(C) recommendations for best informing veterans of the programs described in para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b); ‘‘(D) a summary of the contracts or cooper-ative agreements entered into under sub-section (c); ‘‘(E) a description of the programs imple-mented under subsection (c); ‘‘(F) a summary of the employment out-reach activities directed to veterans; ‘‘(G) recommendations for how opportuni-ties for veterans in agriculture should be de-veloped or expanded; ‘‘(H) a summary of veteran farm lending data and a summary of shortfalls, if any, identified by the Military Veterans Agricul-tural Liaison in collecting data with respect to veterans engaged in agriculture; and ‘‘(I) recommendations, if any, on how to improve activities under subsection (b). ‘‘(g) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION OF INFORMA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and annually thereafter, the Mili-tary Veterans Agricultural Liaison shall make publicly available and share broadly, including by posting on the website of the Department— ‘‘(A) the report of the Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison on beginning farmer training for veterans and agricultural voca-tional and rehabilitation programs; and ‘‘(B) the information disseminated under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b). ‘‘(2) F
URTHER DISSEMINATION .—Not later than the day before the date on which the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4624 June 27, 2018 
Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison makes publicly available the information under paragraph (1), the Military Veterans Agricultural Liaison shall provide that infor-mation to the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Small Business Administration, and the Depart-ment of Labor.’’. 
SEC. 12403. CIVIL RIGHTS ANALYSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of the Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6911 et seq.) (as amended by section 12302(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 223. CIVIL RIGHTS ANALYSES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF CIVIL RIGHTS ANAL-
YSIS.—In this section, the term ‘civil rights analysis’ means a review to analyze and identify actions, policies, and decisions under documents described in subsection (b) that may have an adverse or dispropor-tionate impact on employees, contractors, or beneficiaries (including participants) of any program or activity of the Department based on the membership of the employees, con-tractors, or beneficiaries in a group that is protected under Federal law from discrimi-nation in employment, contracting, or provi-sion of a program or activity, as applicable. ‘‘(b) A
CTIONS , POLICIES , AND DECISIONS .— Before implementing any of the following ac-tion, policy, or decision documents, the Sec-retary shall conduct a civil rights analysis of the action, policy, or decision that is the subject of the document: ‘‘(1) New, revised, or interim rules and no-tices to be published in the Federal Register or the Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(2) Charters for advisory committees, councils, or boards managed by any agency of the Department on behalf of the Sec-retary. ‘‘(3) Any regulations of the Department or new or revised agency-specific instructions, procedures, or other guidance published in an agency directives system. ‘‘(4) Reductions-in-force or transfer of function proposals, including reorganization of the Department. ‘‘(5) At the discretion of the Secretary, any other policy, program, or activity documents that have potentially adverse civil rights im-pacts. ‘‘(c) E
XPEDITED REVIEW .—The Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights may grant, on a case-by-case basis, an expedited civil rights analysis if the head of an agency within the Department provides a written justification for the expedited civil rights analysis. ‘‘(d) W
AIVER .—On petition by the head of any agency within the Department, the As-sistant Secretary for Civil Rights may grant, on a case-by-case basis, a waiver of the civil rights analysis if the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights determines that there is no fore-seeable adverse or disproportionate impact described in subsection (a) of the proposed action, policy, or decision document de-scribed in subsection (b).’’. (b) S
TUDY ; REPORT .— (1) S
TUDY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Comptroller Gen-eral’’) shall conduct a study describing— (A) the effectiveness of the Department of Agriculture in processing and resolving civil rights complaints; (B) minority participation rates in farm programs, including a comparison of overall farmer and rancher participation with mi-nority farmer and rancher participation by considering particular aspects of the pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture for producers, such as ownership status, pro-gram participation, usage of permits, and waivers; (C) the realignment the civil rights func-tions of the Department of Agriculture, as outlined in Secretarial Memorandum 1076– 023 (March 9, 2018), including an analysis of whether that realignment has any negative implications on the civil rights functions of the Department; (D) efforts of the Department of Agri-culture to identify actions, programs, or ac-tivities of the Department of Agriculture that may adversely affect employees, con-tractors, or beneficiaries (including partici-pants) of the action, program, or activity based on the membership of the employees, contractors, or beneficiaries in a group that is protected under Federal law from dis-crimination in employment, contracting, or provision of an action, program, or activity, as applicable; and (E) efforts of the Department of Agri-culture to strategically plan actions to de-crease discrimination and civil rights com-plaints within the Department of Agri-culture or in the carrying out of the pro-grams and authorities of the Department of Agriculture. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of completion of the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall submit a report describing the results of the study to— (A) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate. 
SEC. 12404. FARM SERVICE AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 226 of the Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6932) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
CONSOLIDATED FARM ’’ and inserting ‘‘ FARM ’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
OFCONSOLIDATED FARM S
ERVICE AGENCY ’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘Consolidated Farm’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Farm’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 246 of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6962) is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Consoli-dated Farm’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Farm’’; and (B) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘Con-solidated Farm’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Farm’’. (2) Section 271(2)(A) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6991(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Consolidated Farm’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Farm’’. (3) Section 275(b) of the Department of Ag-riculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6995(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘Consoli-dated Farm’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Farm’’. 
SEC. 12405. UNDER SECRETARY OF AGRI-CULTURE FOR FARM PRODUCTION AND CONSERVATION. 
(a) O FFICE OF RISKMANAGEMENT .—Section 226A(d)(1) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6933(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and For-eign Agricultural Services’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation’’. (b) M
ULTIAGENCY TASK FORCE .—Section 242(b)(3) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6952(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm Production and Con-servation’’. (c) F
OOD AIDCONSULTATIVE GROUP .—Sec- tion 205(b)(2) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1725(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services’’ and in-serting ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs’’. (d) INTERAGENCY COMMITTEE ON MINORITY  C
AREERS IN INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS .—Sec- tion 625(c)(1)(A) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1131c(c)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘designee’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs, or the des-ignee of that Under Secretary’’. 
SEC. 12406. UNDER SECRETARY OF AGRI-CULTURE FOR RURAL DEVELOP-MENT. 
Section 231 of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6941) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘is au-thorized to’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘If the Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Under Secretary of Agriculture for Rural Develop-ment’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 296(b)(9) shall not apply to this section.’’. 
SEC. 12407. ADMINISTRATOR OF THE RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 232(b) of the De-partment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6942(b)) (as in effect on the day before the effective date of the amend-ments made by section 2(a)(2) of the Presi-dential Appointment Efficiency and Stream-lining Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–166; 126 Stat. 1283, 1295)) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2) (relating to succession); and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) (relat-ing to the Executive Schedule) as paragraph (2). (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by subparagraph (A) take effect on the effective date described in section 6(a) of the Presidential Appointment Efficiency and Streamlining Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–166; 126 Stat. 1295). (2) C
OMPENSATION .—Section 232(b) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6942(b)) (as amended by paragraph (1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
OMPENSATION .—The Administrator of the Rural Utilities Service shall receive basic pay at a rate not to exceed the max-imum amount of compensation payable to a member of the Senior Executive Service under subsection (b) of section 5382 of title 5, United States Code, except that the certifi-cation requirement under that subsection shall not apply to the compensation of the Director.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Adminis-trator, Rural Utilities Service, Department of Agriculture.’’. (2) Section 748 of Public Law 107–76 (7 U.S.C. 918b) is amended by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator of the Rural Utilities Service’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Agri-culture’’. (3) Section 379B(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2008p(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘may’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary may’’. (4) Section 6407(b)(4) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107a(b)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘Agri-culture’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Serv-ice’’ and inserting ‘‘Agriculture’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4625 June 27, 2018 
(5) Section 1004 of the Launching our Com-munities’ Access to Local Television Act of 2000 (47 U.S.C. 1103) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘The Administrator (as defined in section 1005)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Agri-culture’’; and (B) in subsection (h)(2)(D), by striking ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’. (6) Section 1005 of the Launching our Com-munities’ Access to Local Television Act of 2000 (47 U.S.C. 1104) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministrator’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Ag-riculture (referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’) shall’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Administrator’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
SEC. 12408. RURAL HEALTH LIAISON. 
Subtitle C of title II of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6941 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 236. RURAL HEALTH LIAISON. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall establish in the Department the position of Rural Health Liaison. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Rural Health Liaison shall— ‘‘(1) in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, coordinate the role of the Department with respect to rural health; ‘‘(2) integrate across the Department the strategic planning and activities relating to rural health; ‘‘(3) improve communication relating to rural health within the Department and be-tween Federal agencies; ‘‘(4) advocate on behalf of the health care and relevant infrastructure needs in rural areas; ‘‘(5) provide to stakeholders, potential grant applicants, Federal agencies, State agencies, Indian Tribes, private organiza-tions, and academic institutions relevant data and information, including the eligi-bility requirements for, and availability and outcomes of, Department programs applica-ble to the advancement of rural health; ‘‘(6) maintain communication with public health, medical, occupational safety, and telecommunication associations, research entities, and other stakeholders to ensure that the Department is aware of current and upcoming issues relating to rural health; ‘‘(7) consult on programs, pilot projects, re-search, training, and other affairs relating to rural health at the Department and other Federal agencies; ‘‘(8) provide expertise on rural health to support the activities of the Secretary as Chair of the Interagency Task Force on Agri-culture and Rural Prosperity; and ‘‘(9) provide technical assistance and guid-ance with respect to activities relating to rural health to the outreach, extension, and county offices of the Department.’’. 
SEC. 12409. HEALTHY FOOD FINANCING INITIA-TIVE. 
Section 243 of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6953) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and en-terprises’’ after ‘‘retailers’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(B)(iii), by inserting ‘‘and enterprises’’ after ‘‘retailers’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘as applicable,’’ before ‘‘to accept’’. 
SEC. 12410. NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVA-TION SERVICE. 
(a) F IELD OFFICES .—Section 246 of the De-partment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6962) (as amended by section 12404(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) FIELD OFFICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not close any field office of the Natural Re-sources Conservation Service unless, not later than 60 days before the date of the clo-sure, the Secretary submits to the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a notification of the closure. ‘‘(2) E
MPLOYEES .—The Secretary shall not permanently relocate any field-based em-ployees of the Natural Resources Conserva-tion Service or the rural development mis-sion area if doing so would result in a field office of the Natural Resources Conservation Service or the rural development mission area with 2 or fewer employees, unless, not later than 60 days before the date of the per-manent relocation, the Secretary submits to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a notification of the permanent relo-cation.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Section 246 of the Department of Agriculture Reorganiza-tion Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6962) (as amended by subsection (a)) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (5), re-spectively; (C) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘; Public Law 101–624’’ after ‘‘note’’; and (D) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘3831–3836’’ and inserting ‘‘3831 et seq.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1), (2), and (4) of subsection (b) and the program under subchapter C of chapter 1 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3837–3837f)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (3) of subsection (b)’’. (c) R
ELOCATION IN ACT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 246 of the Depart-ment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6962) (as amended by subsection (b)) is— (A) redesignated as section 228; and (B) moved so as to appear at the end of subtitle B of title II (7 U.S.C. 6931 et seq.). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 226 of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6932) (as amended by section 12404(a)) is amended— (i) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ‘‘section 246(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 228(b)’’; and (ii) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 246(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 228(b)’’. (B) Section 271(2)(F) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6991(2)(F)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 246(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 228(b)’’. 
SEC. 12411. OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SCIENTIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 251(e) of the De-partment of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6971(e)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘R
ESEARCH , EDUCATION , AND EXTENSION OF-
FICE’’ and inserting ‘‘O FFICE OF THE CHIEF S
CIENTIST ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Research, Education, and Extension Office’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office of the Chief Scientist’’; (3) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Re-search, Education, and Extension Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of the Chief Scientist’’; (4) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraph (A) shall not exceed 4 years’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) and (iii) of subpara-graph (A) shall be for not less than 3 years’’; (5) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; (6) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) ADDITIONAL LEADERSHIP DUTIES .—In addition to selecting the Division Chiefs under paragraph (3), using available per-sonnel authority under title 5, United States Code, the Under Secretary shall select per-sonnel— ‘‘(A) to oversee implementation, training, and compliance with the scientific integrity policy of the Department; ‘‘(B)(i) to integrate strategic program planning and evaluation functions across the programs of the Department; and ‘‘(ii) to help prepare the annual report to Congress on the relevance and adequacy of programs under the jurisdiction of the Under Secretary; ‘‘(C) to assist the Chief Scientist in coordi-nating the international engagements of the Department with the Department of State and other international agencies and offices of the Federal Government; and ‘‘(D) to oversee other duties as may be re-quired by law or Department policy.’’; (7) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Not-withstanding’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to fund the costs of Division personnel. ‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—In addition to amounts made available under clause (i), notwithstanding’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) provides strong staff continuity to the Office of the Chief Scientist.’’; and (8) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘Research, Education and Exten-sion Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of the Chief Scientist’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 251(f)(5)(B) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6971(f)(5)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Research, Education and Extension Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of the Chief Scientist’’. (2) Section 296(b)(6)(B) of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 7014(b)(6)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Research, Education, and Extension Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of the Chief Scientist’’. 
SEC. 12412. TRADE AND FOREIGN AGRICULTURAL AFFAIRS. 
The Department of Agriculture Reorga-nization Act of 1994 is amended— (1) by redesignating subtitle J (7 U.S.C. 7011 et seq.) as subtitle K; and (2) by inserting after subtitle I (7 U.S.C. 7005 et seq.) the following: ‘‘Subtitle J—Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs 
‘‘SEC. 287. UNDER SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR TRADE AND FOREIGN AGRICUL-TURAL AFFAIRS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department the position of Under Sec-retary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agri-cultural Affairs shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
RINCIPAL FUNCTIONS .—The Secretary shall delegate to the Under Secretary of Ag-riculture for Trade and Foreign Agricultural Affairs those functions and duties under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4626 June 27, 2018 
jurisdiction of the Department that are re-lated to trade and foreign agricultural af-fairs. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNCTIONS .—The Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and For-eign Agricultural Affairs shall perform such other functions and duties as may be— ‘‘(A) required by law; or ‘‘(B) prescribed by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 12413. REPEALS. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE REORGA -
NIZATION ACT OF 1994.—The following provi-sions of the Department of Agriculture Reor-ganization Act of 1994 are repealed: (1) Section 211 (7 U.S.C. 6911). (2) Section 213 (7 U.S.C. 6913). (3) Section 214 (7 U.S.C. 6914). (4) Section 217 (7 U.S.C. 6917). (5) Section 247 (7 U.S.C. 6963). (6) Section 252 (7 U.S.C. 6972). (7) Section 295 (7 U.S.C. 7013). (b) O
THER PROVISION .—Section 3208 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 6935) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 12414. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) O FFICE OF RISKMANAGEMENT .—Section 226A(a) of the Department of Agriculture Re-organization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6933(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Subject to subsection (e), the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Sec-retary’’. (b) C
ORRECTION OF ERROR .— (1) A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES OF AGRI -
CULTURE .—Section 218 of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6918) (as in effect on the day before the effective date of the amendments made by section 2(a)(1) of the Presidential Ap-pointment Efficiency and Streamlining Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–166; 126 Stat. 1283, 1295)) is amended by striking ‘‘Senate.’’ in subsection (b) and all that follows through ‘‘responsibility for—’’ in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) of subsection (d) and in-serting the following: ‘‘Senate. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF  A
GRICULTURE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS .—The Sec- retary may delegate to the Assistant Sec-retary for Civil Rights responsibility for—’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) take effect on the ef-fective date described in section 6(a) of the Presidential Appointment Efficiency and Streamlining Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–166; 126 Stat. 1295). 
SEC. 12415. EFFECT OF SUBTITLE. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Except as provided in sections 12407(a)(1)(B) and 12414(b)(2), this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sub-title or an amendment made by this subtitle affects— (1) the authority of the Secretary to con-tinue to carry out a function vested in, and performed by, the Secretary as of the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) the authority of an agency, office, offi-cer, or employee of the Department of Agri-culture to continue to perform all functions delegated or assigned to the agency, office, officer, or employee as of the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 12416. TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY. 
Section 296(b) of the Department of Agri-culture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 7014(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) The authority of the Secretary to carry out the amendments made to this title by the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018.’’. Subtitle E—Other Miscellaneous Provisions SEC. 12501. ACER ACCESS AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 12306(f) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 1632c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 12502. SOUTH CAROLINA INCLUSION IN VIR-GINIA/CAROLINA PEANUT PRO-DUCING REGION. 
Section 1308(c)(2)(B)(iii) of the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 7958(c)(2)(B)(iii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Virginia and North Carolina’’ and in-serting ‘‘Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina’’. 
SEC. 12503. PET AND WOMEN SAFETY. 
(a) P ETINVOLVEMENT IN CRIMES RELATED  
TODOMESTIC VIOLENCE AND STALKING .— (1) I
NTERSTATE STALKING .—Section 2261A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (ii) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) the pet of that person; or’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) by inserting after ‘‘to a person’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘or a pet’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(iii), or (iv)’’. (2) I
NTERSTATE VIOLATION OF PROTECTION  
ORDER .—Section 2262 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘an-other person’’ the following: ‘‘or the pet of that person’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting after ‘‘proximity to, another person’’ the following ‘‘or the pet of that person’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(5), by inserting after ‘‘in any other case,’’ the following: ‘‘includ-ing any case in which the offense is com-mitted against a pet,’’. (3) R
ESTITUTION TO INCLUDE VETERINARY  
SERVICES .—Section 2264 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (b)(3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (G); (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) veterinary services relating to phys-ical care for the victim’s pet; and’’. (4) P
ET DEFINED .—Section 2266 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after paragraph (10) the following: ‘‘(11) P
ET.—The term ‘pet’ means a domes-ticated animal, such as a dog, cat, bird, ro-dent, fish, turtle, horse, or other animal that is kept for pleasure rather than for commer-cial purposes.’’. (b) E
MERGENCY AND TRANSITIONAL PET S
HELTER AND HOUSING ASSISTANCE GRANT  P
ROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting in consultation with the Office of the Violence Against Women of the Department of Jus-tice, the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award grants under this subsection to eligible entities to carry out programs to provide the assistance de-scribed in paragraph (3) with respect to vic-tims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking and the pets of such victims. (2) A
PPLICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible entity seek-ing a grant under this subsection shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reason-ably require, including— (i) a description of the activities for which a grant under this subsection is sought; (ii) such assurances as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary to ensure compliance by the entity with the requirements of this subsection; and (iii) a certification that the entity, before engaging with any individual domestic vio-lence victim, will disclose to the victim any mandatory duty of the entity to report in-stances of abuse and neglect (including in-stances of abuse and neglect of pets). (B) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In addi- tion to the requirements of subparagraph (A), each application submitted by an eligi-ble entity under that subparagraph shall— (i) not include proposals for any activities that may compromise the safety of a domes-tic violence victim, including— (I) background checks of domestic violence victims; or (II) clinical evaluations to determine the eligibility of such a victim for support serv-ices; (ii) not include proposals that would re-quire mandatory services for victims or that a victim obtain a protective order in order to receive proposed services; and (iii) reflect the eligible entity’s under-standing of the dynamics of domestic vio-lence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking. (C) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to re-quire— (i) domestic violence victims to participate in the criminal justice system in order to re-ceive services; or (ii) eligible entities receiving a grant under this subsection to breach client confiden-tiality. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under this subsection may only be used for pro-grams that provide— (A) emergency and transitional shelter and housing assistance for domestic violence vic-tims with pets, including assistance with re-spect to any construction or operating ex-penses of newly developed or existing emer-gency and transitional pet shelter and hous-ing (regardless of whether such shelter and housing is co-located at a victim service pro-vider or within the community); (B) short-term shelter and housing assist-ance for domestic violence victims with pets, including assistance with respect to expenses incurred for the temporary shelter, housing, boarding, or fostering of the pets of domestic violence victims and other expenses that are incidental to securing the safety of such a pet during the sheltering, housing, or reloca-tion of such victims; (C) support services designed to enable a domestic violence victim who is fleeing a sit-uation of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking to— (i) locate and secure— (I) safe housing with the victim’s pet; or (II) safe accommodations for the victim’s pet; or (ii) provide the victim with pet-related services, such as pet transportation, pet care services, and other assistance; or (D) for the training of relevant stake-holders on— (i) the link between domestic violence, dat-ing violence, sexual assault, or stalking and the abuse and neglect of pets; (ii) the needs of domestic violence victims; (iii) best practices for providing support services to such victims; (iv) best practices for providing such vic-tims with referrals to victims’ services; and (v) the importance of confidentiality. (4) G
RANT CONDITIONS .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under this subsection shall, as a condition of such receipt, agree— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4627 June 27, 2018 
(A) to be bound by the nondisclosure of confidential information requirements of section 40002(b)(2) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(b)(2)); and (B) that the entity shall not condition the receipt of support, housing, or other benefits provided pursuant to this subsection on the participation of domestic violence victims in any or all of the support services offered to such victims through a program carried out by the entity using grant funds. (5) D
URATION OF ASSISTANCE PROVIDED TO  
VICTIMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), assistance provided with respect to a pet of a domestic violence victim using grant funds awarded under this subsection shall be provided for a period of not more than 24 months. (B) E
XTENSION .—An eligible entity that re-ceives a grant under this subsection may ex-tend the 24-month period referred to in sub-paragraph (A) for a period of not more than 6 months in the case of a domestic violence victim who— (i) has made a good faith effort to acquire permanent housing for the victim’s pet dur-ing that 24-month period; and (ii) has been unable to acquire such perma-nent housing within that period. (6) R
EPORT TO THE SECRETARY .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which an eligi-ble entity receives a grant under this sub-section and each year thereafter, the entity shall submit to the Secretary a report that contains, with respect to assistance provided by the entity to domestic violence victims with pets using grant funds received under this subsection, information on— (A) the number of domestic violence vic-tims with pets provided such assistance; and (B) the purpose, amount, type of, and dura-tion of such assistance. (7) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than November 1 of each even-numbered fis-cal year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report that contains a compilation of the information contained in the reports submitted under paragraph (6). (B) A
VAILABILITY OF REPORT .—The Sec- retary shall transmit a copy of the report submitted under subparagraph (A) to— (i) the Office on Violence Against Women of the Department of Justice; (ii) the Office of Community Planning and Development of the Department of Housing and Urban Development; and (iii) the Administration for Children and Families of the Department of Health and Human Services. (8) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. (B) L
IMITATION .—Of the amount made available under subparagraph (A) in any fis-cal year, not more than 5 percent may be used for evaluation, monitoring, salaries, and administrative expenses. (9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE VICTIM DEFINED .— The term ‘‘domestic violence victim’’ means a victim of domestic violence, dating vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking. (B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (i) a State; (ii) a unit of local government; (iii) an Indian tribe; or (iv) any other organization that has a doc-umented history of effective work con-cerning domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking (as determined by the Secretary), including— (I) a domestic violence and sexual assault victim service provider; (II) a domestic violence and sexual assault coalition; (III) a community-based and culturally specific organization; (IV) any other nonprofit, nongovernmental organization; and (V) any organization that works directly with pets and collaborates with any organi-zation referred to in clauses (i) through (iv), including— (aa) an animal shelter; and (bb) an animal welfare organization. (C) PET.—The term ‘‘pet’’ means a domes-ticated animal, such as a dog, cat, bird, ro-dent, fish, turtle, horse, or other animal that is kept for pleasure rather than for commer-cial purposes. (D) O
THER TERMS .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, terms used in this section shall have the meaning given such terms in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a)). (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that States should encourage the inclusion of protections against violent or threatening acts against the pet of a person in domestic violence protection orders. 
SEC. 12504. DATA ON CONSERVATION PRACTICES. 
Subtitle E of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1247. DATA ON CONSERVATION PRACTICES. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to increase the knowledge of how covered conservation practices or suites of covered conservation practices impact farm and ranch profitability (such as crop yields, soil health, and other risk-reducing factors) by using an appropriate collection, review, and analysis of data. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED CONSERVATION PRACTICE .—The term ‘covered conservation practice’ means a conservation practice— ‘‘(A) that is approved and supported by the Department; and ‘‘(B) for which the Department has devel-oped 1 or more practice standards. ‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ means the Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(3) P
RIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY RE -
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘privacy and confidentiality requirements’ means all laws applicable to the Department and the agen-cies of the Department that protect data provided to, or collected by, the agencies of the Department from being disclosed to the public in any manner except as authorized by those laws. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘privacy and confidentiality requirements’ includes— ‘‘(i) sections 552 and 552a of title 5, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) section 502(c) of the Federal Crop In-surance Act (7 U.S.C. 1502(c)); ‘‘(iii) section 1770 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 2276); ‘‘(iv) section 1619 of the Food, Conserva-tion, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8791); and ‘‘(v) the Confidential Information Protec-tion and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note; Public Law 107–347). ‘‘(c) D
ATA COLLECTION , REVIEW , ANALYSIS , 
ANDTECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to applicable privacy and confidentiality requirements, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) not less frequently than annually, re-view and publish a summary of existing re-search of the Department, institutions of higher education, and other organizations re-lating to the impacts of covered conserva-tion practices that relate to crop yields, soil health, risk, and farm and ranch profit-ability; ‘‘(B) identify current data pertaining to the impacts of covered conservation prac-tices that relate to crop yields, soil health, risk, and farm and ranch profitability col-lected by the Department, including— ‘‘(i) the Farm Service Agency; ‘‘(ii) the Risk Management Agency; ‘‘(iii) the Natural Resources Conservation Service; ‘‘(iv) the National Agricultural Statistics Service; ‘‘(v) the Economic Research Service; and ‘‘(vi) any other relevant agency, as deter-mined by the Secretary; ‘‘(C) collect additional data specifically pertaining to the impacts of covered con-servation practices that relate to crop yields, soil health, risk, and farm and ranch profitability necessary to achieve the pur-pose described in subsection (a), on the con-dition that a producer shall not be compelled or required to provide that data; ‘‘(D) ensure that data identified or col-lected under subparagraph (B) or (C), respec-tively, are collected in a compatible format at the field- and farm-level; ‘‘(E) improve the interoperability of the data collected by the Department for the purposes of this section; ‘‘(F) in carrying out subparagraph (C), use existing authorities and procedures of the National Agricultural Statistics Service to allow producers to voluntarily provide sup-plemental data that may be useful in ana-lyzing the impacts of covered conservation practices relating to crop yields, soil health, risk, and farm and ranch profitability using the least burdensome means to collect that data, such as through voluntary producer surveys; ‘‘(G) integrate and analyze the data identi-fied or collected under this subsection to consider the impacts of covered conservation practices relating to crop yields, soil health, risk, and farm and ranch profitability; ‘‘(H) acting through the Administrator of the Risk Management Agency, in coordina-tion with the Administrator of the Farm Service Agency and the Chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service— ‘‘(i) research and analyze how yield varia-bility and risk are affected by different soil types for major crops; ‘‘(ii) research and analyze how yield varia-bility and risk for different soil types are af-fected by individual, or combinations of, ag-ricultural management practices, including cover crops, no-till farming, adaptive nitro-gen management, skip-row planting, and crop rotation for major crops; and ‘‘(iii) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section, publish the findings of the research under clauses (i) and (ii); ‘‘(I) to the extent practicable, integrate, collate, and link data identified under this subsection with other external data sources that include crop yields, soil health, and con-servation practices, ensuring that all privacy and confidentiality requirements are imple-mented to protect all data subject to the pri-vacy and confidentiality requirements; ‘‘(J) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section— ‘‘(i) establish a conservation and farm pro-ductivity data warehouse that contains the data identified or collected under subpara-graph (B) or (C), respectively, in a form au-thorized under the privacy and confiden-tiality requirements applicable to each agen-cy of the Department that contributes data to the data warehouse; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4628 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) allow access to the data warehouse es-tablished under clause (i) by an academic in-stitution or researcher, if the academic in-stitution or researcher has complied with all requirements of the National Agricultural Statistics Service under section 1770 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 2276) re-lating to the sharing of data of the Natural Agricultural Statistics Service; and ‘‘(K) not less frequently than annually, and, if practicable, more frequently than an-nually, disseminate the results of the re-search and analysis obtained through car-rying out this section that demonstrate the impacts of covered conservation practices on crop yields, soil health, risk, and farm and ranch profitability in an aggregate manner that protects individual producer data and makes the results of the research and anal-ysis easily used and implemented by pro-ducers and other stakeholders. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES TO PROTECT INTEGRITY AND  
CONFIDENTIALITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Before providing access to any data under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall establish procedures to protect the integrity and confidentiality of any data identified, collected, or warehoused under this section. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Procedures under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) ensure that any research or analysis published or disseminated by any person with access to the data identified, collected, or warehoused under this section complies with all applicable privacy and confiden-tiality requirements relating to that data; and ‘‘(ii) limit access to data to only individ-uals specifically authorized to access the data by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall carry out paragraph (1) using— ‘‘(A) authorities available to the Secretary under other applicable laws; and ‘‘(B) funds otherwise made available to the Secretary. ‘‘(4) E
FFECT .— ‘‘(A) C
OMBINATION OF DATA .—The combina-tion of data protected from disclosure under the privacy and confidentiality requirements with data covered by lesser protections or no protections in the data warehouse estab-lished under paragraph (1)(J)(i) shall not modify or otherwise affect the privacy and confidentiality requirements that protect the data. ‘‘(B) P
ROTECTIONS FROM RELEASE .—Data provided by an agency of the Department under this section shall continue to be cov-ered by the same protections from release as if that data were in the possession of the agency. ‘‘(d) P
RODUCER TOOLS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall provide technical assist-ance, including through internet-based tools, based on the analysis conducted in carrying out this section and other sources of rel-evant data, to assist producers in improving sustainable production practices that in-crease yields and enhance environmental outcomes. ‘‘(2) I
NTERNET -BASED TOOLS .—Internet- based tools described in paragraph (1) shall provide to producers, to the maximum ex-tent practicable— ‘‘(A) confidential data specific to each farm or ranch of the producer; and ‘‘(B) general data relating to the impacts of covered conservation practices on crop yields, soil health, risk, and farm and ranch profitability. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section mandates the submission of information by a producer that is not already required for an-other purpose under a program of the De-partment. ‘‘(f) REPORTING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate a report that includes— ‘‘(1) a summary of the analysis conducted under this section; ‘‘(2) the number and regions of producers that voluntarily submitted information under subparagraphs (C) and (F) of sub-section (c)(1); ‘‘(3) a description of any additional or new activities planned to be conducted under this section in the next fiscal year, including— ‘‘(A) research relating to any additional conservation practices; ‘‘(B) any new types of data to be collected; ‘‘(C) any improved or streamlined data col-lection efforts associated with this section; and ‘‘(D) any new research projects; and ‘‘(4) in the case of the first 2 reports sub-mitted under this subsection, a description of the current status of the implementation of activities under subsection (c).’’. 
SEC. 12505. MARKETING ORDERS. 
Section 8e(a) of the Agricultural Adjust-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 608e–1(a)), reenacted with amendments by the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘cherries, pecans,’’ after ‘‘walnuts,’’. 
SEC. 12506. STUDY ON FOOD WASTE. 
(a) D EFINITION OF FOOD WASTE .—In this section, the term ‘‘food waste’’ means food waste that occurs— (1) on the farm and ranch production level; and (2) before and after the harvest period. (b) S
TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a study to evaluate and determine— (1) methods of measuring food waste; (2) standards for the volume of food waste; (3) factors that create food waste; (4) the cost and volume of food loss of— (A) domestic fresh food products; and (B) imported fresh food products that pass import inspection but do not make it to mar-ket in the United States, consistent with ar-ticle III of the GATT 1994 (as defined in sec-tion 2 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501)); (5) the reason for the waste described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (4); and (6) the potential economic value of the products described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (4) if the products were taken to market; and (7) measures to ensure that programs con-templated, undertaken, or funded by the De-partment of Agriculture do not disrupt exist-ing food waste recovery and disposal by com-mercial, marketing, or business relation-ships. (c) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report that de-scribes the results of the study conducted under subsection (b) to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate. (d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of submission of the report under subsection (c), the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes— (1) an estimate of the quantity of food waste during the 1-year period ending on the date of submission of the report under sub-section (c); and (2) the best practices or other rec-ommendations that the Secretary, pro-ducers, or other stakeholders may consider to reduce food waste. SEC. 12507. REPORT ON BUSINESS CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 365 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report evalu-ating each business center established in the Department of Agriculture. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an examination of the effectiveness of each business center in carrying out its mis-sion, including any recommendations to im-prove the operation of and function of any of those business centers; and (2) an evaluation of— (A) the impact the business centers have on customer service of the Department of Agriculture; (B) the impact on the annual budget for agencies the budget offices of which have been relocated to the business center, and the effectiveness of funds used to support the business centers, including an accounting of all discretionary and mandatory funding pro-vided to the business center for conservation and farm services from— (i) the Natural Resources Conservation Service; (ii) the Farm Service Agency; and (iii) the Risk Management Agency; (C) funding described in subparagraph (B) spent on information technology moderniza-tions; (D) the impact that the business centers have had on the human resources of the De-partment of Agriculture, including hiring; (E) any concerns or problems with the business centers; and (F) any positive or negative impact that the business centers have had on the functionality of the Department of Agri-culture. 
SEC. 12508. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MOD-ERNIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall ex-amine efforts of the Department of Agri-culture — (1) relating to information technology for the business center established by the Sec-retary for the farm production and conserva-tion activities of the Department of Agri-culture; and (2) to modernize or otherwise improve in-formation technology for— (A) the Centers of Excellence of the De-partment of Agriculture; and (B) other major information technology projects of the Department of Agriculture that have the potential to impact the ability of the Department of Agriculture to serve farmers, ranchers, and families. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate an initial report or a detailed briefing on the efforts examined under subsection (a), including— (A) a detailed description of each ongoing or planned information technology mod-ernization project and investment in infor-mation technology at the Department of Ag-riculture described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) (referred to in this subsection as a ‘‘project or investment’’); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4629 June 27, 2018 
(B) the justification of the Secretary for each project or investment; (C) a description of whether a cost-benefit analysis was completed for each project or investment identifying savings that will be achieved through the completion of the project or investment; and (D) a description of any concerns about the projects or investments or recommendations for improving the projects or investments. (2) U
PDATES .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall provide to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate regular briefings to give status up-dates. (3) C
OMPREHENSIVE REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a comprehensive report that reviews each project or investment, including— (A) a review of any contract awards or con-tracting activities; (B) a description of any problems or inad-equacies in the projects and investments; and (C) any recommendations for improving the projects and investments. 
SEC. 12509. REPORT ON PERSONNEL. 
For the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a biannual report describing the number of staff years and employees of each agency of the Department of Agriculture. 
SEC. 12510. REPORT ON ABSENT LANDLORDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the effects of absent landlords on the long-term economic health of agricul-tural production, including the effect of ab-sent landlords on— (1) land valuation; (2) soil health; and (3) the economic stability of rural commu-nities. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of the positive and nega-tive effects of an absent landlord on the land owned by the landlord, including— (A) the effect of an absent landlord on the long-term value of the land; and (B) the environmental and economic im-pact of an absent landlord on the sur-rounding community; and (2) recommendations to policymakers con-cerning how to mitigate those effects when necessary. 
SEC. 12511. RESTRICTION ON USE OF CERTAIN POISONS FOR PREDATOR CONTROL. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to restrict the use of sodium cyanide to kill predatory animals given the risks posed by sodium cyanide to— (1) public safety; (2) national security; (3) the environment; and (4) persons and other animals that come into accidental contact with sodium cyanide. (b) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall use sodium cyanide in a predator control device described in subsection (c) only in accord-ance with Wildlife Services Directive Num-ber 2.415 of the Animal and Plant Health In-spection Service, dated February 27, 2018, and the implementation guidelines attached to that Directive. (c) P
REDATOR CONTROL DEVICE DE-
SCRIBED .—A predator control device referred to in subsection (b) is— (1) a dispenser designed to propel sodium cyanide when activated by an animal; (2) a gas cartridge or other pyrotechnic de-vice designed to emit sodium cyanide fumes; and (3) any other means of dispensing sodium cyanide, including in the form of capsules, for wildlife management or other animal control purposes. SEC. 12512. CENTURY FARMS PROGRAM. 
The Secretary shall establish a program under which the Secretary recognizes any farm that— (1) a State department of agriculture or similar statewide agricultural organization recognizes as a Century Farm; or (2)(A) is defined as a farm or ranch under section 4284.902 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act); (B) has been in continuous operation for at least 100 years; and (C) has been owned by the same family for at least 100 consecutive years, as verified through deeds, wills, abstracts, tax state-ments, or other similar legal documents con-sidered appropriate by the Secretary. 
SEC. 12513. REPORT ON THE IMPORTATION OF LIVE DOGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Commerce, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report on the importation of live dogs into the United States. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretaries described in subsection (a) shall provide relevant data to complete the report submitted under sub-section (a), which shall include, with respect to the importation of live dogs into the United States: (1) An estimate of the number of live dogs imported annually, excluding personal pets. (2) An estimate of the number of live dogs imported for resale annually. (3) An estimate of the number of dogs dur-ing the period covered by the report for which a request for the importation of live dogs for resale was denied because the pro-posed importation failed to meet the require-ments of section 18 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2148). (4) Any recommendations of the Secretary for any modifications to Federal law relating to the importation of live dogs for resale that the Secretary determines to be nec-essary to meet the requirements of section 18 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2148). 
SEC. 12514. ESTABLISHMENT OF TECHNICAL AS-SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘tribally designated housing entity’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103). (b) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a technical assistance program to improve access by Tribal entities to rural de-velopment programs funded by the Depart-ment of Agriculture through available coop-erative agreement authorities of the Sec-retary. (c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—The technical assistance program established under subsection (b) shall address the unique challenge of Tribal governments, Tribal pro-ducers, Tribal businesses, Tribal business en-tities, and tribally designated housing enti-ties in accessing Department of Agriculture- supported rural infrastructure, rural cooper-ative development, rural business and indus-try, rural housing, and other rural develop-ment activities. SEC. 12515. PROMISE ZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘Tribal Promise Zone’’ means an area that— (1) is nominated by 1 or more Indian tribes (as defined in section 4(13) of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-De-termination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103(13))) for designation as a Tribal Promise Zone (in this section referred to as a ‘‘nominated zone’’); (2) has a continuous boundary; and (3) the Secretary designates as a Tribal Promise Zone, after consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Education, the Attorney General, the Sec-retary of the Interior, the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Transportation, and other agen-cies as appropriate. (b) A
UTHORIZATION AND NUMBER OF DES-
IGNATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall nominate a minimum number of nomi-nated zones, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with Indian tribes, to be des-ignated as Tribal Promise Zones. (c) P
ERIOD OF DESIGNATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-ignate nominated zones as Tribal Promise Zones before January 1, 2020. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATES OF DESIGNATIONS .—The designation of any Tribal Promise Zone shall take effect— (A) for purposes of priority consideration in Federal grant programs and initiatives (other than this section), upon execution of the Tribal Promise Zone agreement with the Secretary; and (B) for purposes of this section, on January 1 of the first calendar year beginning after the date of the execution of the Tribal Prom-ise Zone agreement. (3) T
ERMINATION OF DESIGNATIONS .—The designation of any Tribal Promise Zone shall end on the earlier of— (A)(i) with respect to a Tribal Promise Zone not described in paragraph (4), the end of the 10-year period beginning on the date that such designation takes effect; or (ii) with respect to a Tribal Promise Zone described in paragraph (4), the end of the 10- year period beginning on the date the area was designated as a Tribal Promise Zone be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act; or (B) the date of the revocation of such des-ignation. (4) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN ZONES ALREADY  
DESIGNATED .—In the case of any area des-ignated as a Tribal Promise Zone by the Sec-retary before the date of the enactment of this Act, such area shall be deemed a Tribal Promise Zone designated under this section (notwithstanding whether any such designa-tion has been revoked before the date of the enactment of this Act) and shall reduce the number of Tribal Promise Zones remaining to be designated under paragraph (1). (d) L
IMITATIONS ON DESIGNATIONS .—No area may be designated under this section un-less— (1) the entities nominating the area have the authority to nominate the area of des-ignation under this section; (2) such entities provide written assurances satisfactory to the Secretary that the com-petitiveness plan described in the applica-tion under subsection (e) for such area will be implemented and that such entities will provide the Secretary with such data regard-ing the economic conditions of the area (be-fore, during, and after the area’s period of designation as a Tribal Promise Zone) as such Secretary may require; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4630 June 27, 2018 
(3) the Secretary determines that any in-formation furnished is reasonably accurate. (e) A
PPLICATION .—No area may be des-ignated under this section unless the appli-cation for such designation— (1) demonstrates that the nominated zone satisfies the eligibility criteria described in subsection (a); and (2) includes a competitiveness plan that— (A) addresses the need of the nominated zone to attract investment and jobs and im-prove educational opportunities; (B) leverages the nominated zone’s eco-nomic strengths and outlines targeted in-vestments to develop competitive advan-tages; (C) demonstrates collaboration across a wide range of stakeholders; (D) outlines a strategy that connects the nominated zone to drivers of regional eco-nomic growth; and (E) proposes a strategy for focusing on in-creased access to high quality affordable housing and improved public safety. (f) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—From among the nomi-nated zones eligible for designation under this section, the Secretary shall designate Tribal Promise Zones on the basis of— (A) the effectiveness of the competitive-ness plan submitted under subsection (e) and the assurances made under subsection (d); (B) unemployment rates, poverty rates, va-cancy rates, crime rates, and such other fac-tors as the Secretary may identify, including household income, labor force participation, and educational attainment; and (C) other criteria as determined by the Secretary. (2) M
INIMAL STANDARDS .—The Secretary may set minimal standards for the levels of unemployment and poverty that must be satisfied for designation as a Tribal Promise Zone. (g) C
OMPETITIVE ENHANCEMENT IN FEDERAL  A
WARDS TO TRIBAL PROMISE ZONES .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, each Federal grant program, technical as-sistance, and capacity-building competitive funding application opportunity, made avail-able under any appropriations law in effect for a year in which the designation of a Trib-al Promise Zones is in effect, shall provide preference points or priority special consid-eration to each application which advances the specific objectives of a Tribal Promise Zones competitiveness plan described in sub-section (e) if the project or activity to be funded includes specific and definable serv-ices or benefits that will be delivered to resi-dents of a Tribal Economic Opportunity Area. 
SEC. 12516. PRECISION AGRICULTURE CONNECTIVITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Precision agriculture technologies and practices allow farmers to significantly in-crease crop yields, eliminate overlap in oper-ations, and reduce inputs such as seed, fer-tilizer, pesticides, water, and fuel. (2) These technologies allow farmers to collect data in real time about their fields, automate field management, and maximize resources. (3) Studies estimate that precision agri-culture technologies can reduce agricultural operation costs by up to 25 dollars per acre and increase farm yields by up to 70 percent by 2050. (4) The critical cost savings and produc-tivity benefits of precision agriculture can-not be realized without the availability of re-liable broadband Internet access service de-livered to the agricultural land of the United States. (5) The deployment of broadband Internet access service to unserved agricultural land is critical to the United States economy and to the continued leadership of the United States in global food production. (6) Despite the growing demand for broadband Internet access service on agricul-tural land, broadband Internet access service is not consistently available where needed for agricultural operations. (7) The Federal Communications Commis-sion has an important role to play in the de-ployment of broadband Internet access serv-ice on unserved agricultural land to promote precision agriculture. (b) TASKFORCE .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘broadband Internet access service’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8.2 of title 47, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation; (B) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission; (C) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Agriculture; and (D) the term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States established under para-graph (2). (2) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall establish the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Tech-nology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States. (3) D
UTIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall consult with the Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, and collaborate with public and private stakeholders in the agriculture and technology fields to— (i) identify and measure current gaps in the availability of broadband Internet access service on agricultural land; (ii) develop policy recommendations to promote the rapid, expanded deployment of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land, with a goal of achieving reliable capabilities on 95 percent of agricultural land in the United States by 2025; (iii) promote effective policy and regu-latory solutions that encourage the adoption of broadband Internet access service on farms and ranches and promote precision ag-riculture; (iv) recommend specific new rules or amendments to existing rules of the Com-mission that the Commission should issue to achieve the goals and purposes of the policy recommendations described in clause (ii); (v) recommend specific steps that the Com-mission should take to obtain reliable and standardized data measurements of the availability of broadband Internet access service as may be necessary to target fund-ing support, from future programs of the Commission dedicated to the deployment of broadband Internet access service, to unserved agricultural land in need of broadband Internet access service; and (vi) recommend specific steps that the Commission should consider to ensure that the expertise of the Secretary and available farm data are reflected in future programs of the Commission dedicated to the infrastruc-ture deployment of broadband Internet ac-cess service and to direct available funding to unserved agricultural land where needed. (B) N
O DUPLICATE DATA REPORTING .—In per- forming the duties of the Commission under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall en-sure that no provider of broadband Internet access service is required to report data to the Commission that is, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, required to be reported by the provider of broadband Internet access service. (C) HOLD HARMLESS .—The Task Force and the Commission shall not interpret the phrase ‘‘future programs of the Commis-sion’’, as used in clauses (v) and (vi) of sub-paragraph (A), to include the universal serv-ice programs of the Commission established under section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254). (D) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, shall explain and make available to the Task Force the exper-tise, data mapping information, and re-sources of the Department that the Depart-ment uses to identify cropland, ranchland, and other areas with agricultural operations that may be helpful in developing the rec-ommendations required under subparagraph (A). (E) L
IST OF AVAILABLE FEDERAL PROGRAMS  
AND RESOURCES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Commission shall jointly submit to the Task Force a list of all Federal programs or resources available for the ex-pansion of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land to assist the Task Force in carrying out the duties of the Task Force. (4) M
EMBERSHIP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall be— (i) composed of not more than 15 voting members who shall— (I) be selected by the Chairman of the Com-mission; and (II) include— (aa) agricultural producers representing di-verse geographic regions and farm sizes, in-cluding owners and operators of farms of less than 100 acres; (bb) an agricultural producer representing tribal agriculture; (cc) Internet service providers, including regional or rural fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service providers and tele-communications infrastructure providers; (dd) representatives from the electric coop-erative industry; (ee) representatives from the satellite in-dustry; (ff) representatives from precision agri-culture equipment manufacturers, including drone manufacturers, manufacturers of au-tonomous agricultural machinery, and man-ufacturers of farming robotics technologies; and (gg) representatives from State and local governments; and (ii) fairly balanced in terms of tech-nologies, points of view, and fields rep-resented on the Task Force. (B) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Com-mittee appointed under subparagraph (A)(i) shall serve for a single term of 2 years. (ii) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Task Force— (I) shall not affect the powers of the Task Force; and (II) shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (C) E
X-OFFICIO MEMBER .—The Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, shall serve as an ex-officio, nonvoting member of the Task Force. (5) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Commission estab-lishes the Task Force, and annually there-after, the Task Force shall submit to the Chairman of the Commission a report, which shall be made public not later than 30 days after the date on which the Chairman re-ceives the report, that details— (A) the status of fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service coverage of agricultural land; (B) the projected future connectivity needs of agricultural operations, farmers, and ranchers; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4631 June 27, 2018 
(C) the steps being taken to accurately measure the availability of broadband Inter-net access service on agricultural land and the limitations of current, as of the date of the report, measurement processes. (6) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall renew the Task Force every 2 years until the Task Force terminates on January 1, 2025. 
SEC. 12517. IMPROVED SOIL MOISTURE AND PRE-CIPITATION MONITORING. 
(a) I MPROVED SOILMOISTURE MONITORING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall develop and implement a strat-egy to improve the accuracy of the United States Drought Monitor through increased geographic resolution of rural in-situ soil moisture profile observation or other soil moisture profile measuring devices, as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In implementing the strategy required by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall prioritize adding soil moisture profile stations in States described in sub-paragraph (B) so that the number of drought monitoring stations is increased to an aver-age of 1 soil moisture profile station per 1,250 square miles in each State described in sub-paragraph (B) or by 50 stations in each State described in subparagraph (B), whichever is less. (B) S
TATES DESCRIBED .—A State described in this paragraph is a State that has experi-enced D3 (extreme drought) or D4 (excep-tional drought) (as defined by the United States Drought Monitor) within any 6 months during the period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2016, and ending on the date of the en-actment of this Act. (3) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary may coordinate with other Federal agencies, State and local governments, and non-Federal entities that collaborate with the United States Drought Monitor. (4) C
OST-EFFECTIVENESS .—In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary shall consider cost-effective solutions to maximize the effi-ciency and accuracy of the United States Drought Monitor. (5) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to carry out this sub-section. (b) S
TANDARDS FOR INTEGRATING CITIZEN  S
CIENCE INTODROUGHT MODELS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall— (A) develop a set of standards for integra-tion of data derived from citizen science (as defined in the Crowdsourcing and Citizen Science Act (15 U.S.C. 3724)) into the United States Drought Monitor models, including data relating to— (i) location and spacing of monitoring sta-tions; (ii) data quality standards; (iii) incorporation of data from commer-cially available weather stations; (iv) standardized procedures for autono-mous integration of data; (v) streamlining of data entry methods; and (vi) reasonable metadata fields; and (B) develop a set of consistent standards for soil moisture data collection based on equipment that is readily available, includ-ing standards relating to— (i) acceptable error ranges; (ii) sensor installation procedures; (iii) manufacturers of soil moisture probes; (iv) calibration methodology; (v) metadata fields; and (vi) soil descriptions. (2) INCLUSION OF DATA FROM COOPERATIVE  
OBSERVER PROGRAM .—For purposes of para-graph (1)(A), data derived from citizen science includes data from the Cooperative Observer Program of the National Weather Service. (c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR ELEMENTS OF DE-
PARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE TO USE THE SAME M
ONITORING DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To be consistent with as-sistance provided under the livestock forage disaster program established under section 1501(c) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(c)) and a policy or plan of insur-ance established under the Federal Crop In-surance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) for pro-ducers of livestock commodities the source of feedstock of which is pasture, rangeland, and forage, and the annual establishment of grazing rates, as applicable, on Forest Serv-ice grasslands and other applicable land, the Secretary shall use the United States Drought Monitor, in-situ soil moisture pro-file monitoring stations described in sub-section (a), data from the Cooperative Ob-server Program described in subsection (b)(2), and any other applicable data to deter-mine and establish grazing loss assistance and grazing rates, as applicable. (2) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary may coordinate with— (A) other Federal agencies, State and local governments, and non-Federal entities that collaborate with the United States Drought Monitor; and (B) other Federal and non-Federal entities involved in collecting data on precipitation and soil monitoring. (3) C
OST-EFFECTIVENESS .—In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary shall consider cost-effective solutions to maximize the effi-ciency and accuracy of the data utilized to determine eligibility for assistance under the programs specified in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 12518. STUDY OF MARKETPLACE FRAUD OF UNIQUE TRADITIONAL FOODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on— (1) the market impact of traditional foods, Tribally produced products, and products that use traditional foods; (2) fraudulent foods that mimic Tribal foods that are available in the commercial marketplace as of the date of enactment of this Act; and (3) the means by which authentic tradi-tional foods and Tribally produced foods might be protected against the impact of fraudulent foods in the marketplace. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The study conducted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a consideration of the circumstances under which fraudulent foods in the market-place occur; and (2) an analysis of Federal laws adminis-tered by the Secretary, intellectual property laws, and trademark laws that might offer protections against fraudulent foods in a the context of Tribal foods. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of completion of the study, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report describing the results of the study under this section to— (1) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; (2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (5) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. SEC. 12519. DAIRY BUSINESS INNOVATION INITIA-TIVES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
AIRY BUSINESS .—The term ‘‘dairy busi-ness’’ means a business that develops, pro-duces, markets, or distributes dairy prod-ucts. (2) I
NITIATIVE .—The term ‘‘initiative’’ means a dairy product and business innova-tion initiative established under subsection (b). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Agricul-tural Marketing Service, shall establish not less than 3 regionally located dairy product and business innovation initiatives for the purposes of— (1) encouraging the use of regional milk production; (2) creating higher-value uses for dairy products; (3) promoting business development that diversifies farmer income through processing and marketing innovation; (4) diversifying dairy product markets to reduce risk; and (5) leveraging Federal resources by encour-aging entities that host initiatives and part-ners of those entities to provide matching funds. (c) S
ELECTION OF INITIATIVES .—An initia-tive— (1) shall be located in a region with a his-tory of dairy farming; (2) shall be positioned to draw on existing dairy industry resources, including research capacity, academic and industry expertise, a density of dairy farms or farmland suitable for dairying, and dairy businesses; (3) may serve a certain product niche, such as artisanal cheese, or serve dairy businesses with dairy products derived from a specific type of dairy animal, including dairy prod-ucts made from cow milk, sheep milk, and goat milk; and (4) shall serve dairy businesses in other re-gions. (d) E
NTITIES ELIGIBLE TO HOSTINITIATIVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any of the following enti-ties may submit to the Secretary an applica-tion to host an initiative: (A) A State department of agriculture or other State entity. (B) A nonprofit entity with capacity to provide consultation, expertise, and grant distribution and tracking. (C) An institution of higher education. (D) A cooperative extension service. (2) P
ARTNERS .—An entity described in paragraph (1) may establish partners prior to the submission of the application under that paragraph, or add partners in consultation with the Secretary, which may include orga-nizations or entities with expertise or experi-ence in dairy, including the marketing, re-search, education, or promotion of dairy. (e) A
CTIVITIES OF INITIATIVES .— (1) D
IRECT ASSISTANCE TO DAIRY BUSI -
NESSES .—An initiative shall provide non-monetary assistance to dairy businesses in accordance with the following: (A) P
ROVISION OF DIRECT ASSISTANCE .—As- sistance may be provided directly to dairy businesses in a private consultation or through widely available distribution, and may be provided— (i) directly by the entity that hosts the ini-tiative under subsection (d)(1); (ii) through contracting with industry ex-perts; (iii) through the provision of technical as-sistance, such as informational websites, webinars, conferences, trainings, plant tours, and field days; and (iv) through research institutions, includ-ing cooperative extension services. (B) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .—Eligible forms of assistance include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4632 June 27, 2018 
(i) business consulting, including business plan development for processed dairy prod-ucts; (ii) accounting and financial literacy train-ing; (iii) market evaluation; (iv) strategic planning assistance; (v) product innovation, including relating to value-added products; (vi) marketing and branding assistance, in-cluding market messaging, consumer assess-ments, and evaluation of regional, national, and international markets; (vii) innovation in emerging market oppor-tunities, including agritourism, and mar-keting communication methods; (viii) packaging, distribution, and supply chain innovation; (ix) dairy product production training, in-cluding in new, rare, or innovative tech-niques; (x) innovation in byproduct reprocessing and use maximization; and (xi) other non-monetary assistance, as de-termined by the Secretary. (2) G
RANTS TO DAIRY BUSINESSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An initiative shall pro-vide grants for new and existing dairy busi-nesses for the purposes of— (i) modernization, specialization, and graz-ing transition on dairy farms; (ii) value chain and commodity innovation and facility and process updates for dairy processors; and (iii) product development, packaging, and marketing of dairy products. (B) G
RANTS .—An initiative shall provide grants under subparagraph (A)— (i) on a competitive basis, with opportuni-ties to apply for funding available on a roll-ing basis; and (ii) to an entity that receives assistance under paragraph (1) to advance the business activities recommended as a result of that assistance. (C) C
ONSULTATION .—An entity that hosts an initiative shall consult with the Sec-retary and the Administrator of the Agricul-tural Marketing Service in carrying out the initiative. (D) C
ONFLICT OF INTEREST .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish guidelines and procedures to prevent any conflict of interest or the appearance of a conflict of interest by an initiative (includ-ing a partner of the initiative) during the grant selection process under subparagraph (B)(i). (ii) P
ENALTY .—The Secretary may suspend or terminate an initiative if the initiative or a partner of the initiative is found to be in violation of the guidelines and procedures es-tablished under clause (i). (f) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds made avail-able to carry out this section, the Secretary shall provide not less than 3 awards to eligi-ble entities described in subsection (d)(1) for the purposes of carrying out the activities under subsection (e). (2) M
ULTIYEAR FUNDING .—The Secretary is encouraged— (A) to award funds under paragraph (1) in multiyear funding allocations; and (B) to require frequent reporting, as appro-priate. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The funds awarded to an eligible entity under paragraph (1) may be used— (i) for program administration of an initia-tive, including staff costs; and (ii) for workshops or other informational sessions that— (I) directly benefit dairy businesses and en-trepreneurs; or (II) enhance the capacity of providers of technical assistance to dairy businesses. (B) ALLOCATION .—Not less than 50 percent of the funds made available under subsection (h) shall be allocated to grants under sub-section (e)(2). (4) P
RIORITY .—An entity hosting an initia-tive shall give priority to the provision of di-rect assistance under subsection (e)(1) and grants under subsection (e)(2) to— (A) dairy farms and dairy businesses with limited access to other forms of assistance; (B) employee-owned dairy businesses; (C) cooperatives; (D) dairy businesses that establish con-tracting mechanisms that return profits to farmers who supply their milk; (E) dairy businesses that, in addition to salary and wage compensation, return prof-its to employees; and (F) dairy businesses that seek to create dairy products that add substantial value in processing or marketing, such as specialty cheeses. (5) R
EQUIREMENT .—In the case of direct as-sistance under subsection (e)(1) or a grant under subsection (e)(2) that is provided to a specific dairy business and does not benefit the general public, as determined by the Sec-retary, the assistance or grant shall exclu-sively be available to dairy businesses owned in the United States. (6) S
UPPLEMENTATION .—To the extent prac-ticable, the Secretary shall ensure that funds provided to an initiative supplement, and do not duplicate or replace, existing dairy product research, development, and promotion activities. (g) R
EPORTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the implementation of this section. (2) I
NNOVATION REPORTS .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Chief Economist, shall publish an annual report on the impact of initiatives carried out under this section on— (A) innovation in dairy products; (B) product development under the pro-gram under this section; (C) growth areas for dairy product develop-ment; and (D) barriers inhibiting majority member- owned domestic dairy firms from— (i) updating capacity; (ii) performing competitively in the mar-ketplace; and (iii) returning gains to members or rein-vesting the gains in ways that benefit the long-term financial stability of the majority member-owned domestic dairy firm and the members of that firm. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each fis-cal year. Subtitle F—General Provisions 
SEC. 12601. EXPEDITED EXPORTATION OF CER-TAIN SPECIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’) shall issue a proposed rule to amend section 14.92 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to establish expedited pro-cedures relating to the export permission re-quirements of section 9(d)(1) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(d)(1)) for fish or wildlife described in subsection (c). (b) E
XEMPTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the rulemaking under subsection (a), subject to paragraph (2), the Director may provide an exemption from the requirement to procure— (A) permission under section 9(d)(1) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1538(d)(1)); or (B) an export license under subpart I of part 14 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (2) LIMITATIONS .—The Director shall not provide an exemption under paragraph (1)— (A) unless the Director determines that the exemption will not have a negative impact on the conservation of the species that is the subject of the exemption; or (B) to an entity that has been convicted of a violation of a Federal law relating to the importation, transportation, or exportation of wildlife during a period of not less than 5 years ending on the date on which the entity applies for exemption under paragraph (1). (c) C
OVERED FISH OR WILDLIFE .—The fish or wildlife referred to in subsection (a) are the species commonly known as sea urchins and sea cucumbers (including any product of a sea urchin or sea cucumber) that— (1) do not require a permit under part 16, 17, or 23 of title 50, Code of Federal Regula-tions; (2) are harvested in waters under the juris-diction of the United States; and (3) are exported for purposes of human or animal consumption. 
SEC. 12602. BAITING OF MIGRATORY GAME BIRDS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) N
ORMAL AGRICULTURAL OPERATION .—The term ‘‘normal agricultural operation’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20.11 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (2) P
OST-DISASTER FLOODING .—The term ‘‘post-disaster flooding’’ means the destruc-tion of a crop through flooding in accordance with practices required by the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation for agricultural pro-ducers to obtain crop insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) on land on which a crop was not har-vestable due to a natural disaster (including any hurricane, storm, tornado, flood, high water, wind-driven water, tidal wave, tsu-nami, earthquake, volcanic eruption, land-slide, mudslide, drought, fire, snowstorm, or other catastrophe that is declared a major disaster by the President in accordance with section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170)) in the crop year— (A) in which the natural disaster occurred; or (B) immediately preceding the crop year in which the natural disaster occurred. (3) R
ICE RATOONING .—The term ‘‘rice ratooning’’ means the agricultural practice of harvesting rice by cutting the majority of the aboveground portion of the rice plant but leaving the roots and growing shoot apices intact to allow the plant to recover and produce a second crop yield. (b) R
EGULATIONS TO EXCLUDE RICE R
ATOONING AND POST-DISASTER FLOODING .— Not later than 30 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of the In-terior, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall revise part 20 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, to clarify that rice ratooning and post-disaster flooding, when carried out as part of a normal agricul-tural operation, do not constitute baiting. (c) R
EPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary of Agriculture shall— (1) submit to the Secretary of the Interior a report that describes any changes to nor-mal agricultural operations across the range of crops grown by agricultural producers in each region of the United States in which the official recommendations described in section 20.11(h) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act), are provided to agricul-tural producers; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4633 June 27, 2018 
(2) in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and after seeking input from the heads of State departments of fish and wild-life or the Regional Migratory Bird Flyway Councils of the United States Fish and Wild-life Service, publicly post a report on the im-pact that rice ratooning and post-disaster flooding have on the behavior of migratory game birds that are hunted in the area in which rice ratooning and post-disaster flood-ing, respectively, have occurred. 
SEC. 12603. PIMA AGRICULTURE COTTON TRUST FUND. 
Section 12314 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 2101 note; Public Law 113–79) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) by striking ‘‘calendar year 2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the prior cal-endar year’’; (3) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (B) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘(2) Twenty-five’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), twenty-five’’; (C) in subparagraph (A)(ii) (as so des-ignated), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) A yarn spinner shall not receive an amount under subparagraph (A) that exceeds the cost of pima cotton that— ‘‘(I) was purchased during the prior cal-endar year; and ‘‘(II) was used in spinning any cotton yarns. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary shall reallocate any amounts reduced by reason of the limitation under clause (i) to spinners using the ratio described in subparagraph (A), disregarding production of any spinner subject to that limitation.’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(b)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(b)(2)(A)(i)’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the dollar amount of pima cotton pur-chased during the prior calendar year— ‘‘(A) that was used in spinning any cotton yarns; and ‘‘(B) for which the producer maintains sup-porting documentation.’’; (5) in subsection (e)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘by the Secretary—’’ and insert-ing ‘‘by the Secretary not later than March 15 of the applicable calendar year.’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2); and (6) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘sub-section (b)—’’ in the matter preceding para-graph (1) and all that follows through ‘‘not later than’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘subsection (b) not later than’’. 
SEC. 12604. AGRICULTURE WOOL APPAREL MAN-UFACTURERS TRUST FUND. 
Section 12315 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 7101 note; Public Law 113–79) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2019’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘the payment—’’ and inserting ‘‘the payment, payments in amounts authorized under that paragraph.’’; and (II) by striking clauses (i) and (ii); and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘4002(c)—’’ and inserting ‘‘4002(c), payments in amounts authorized under that paragraph.’’; and (II) by striking clauses (i) and (ii); and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘sub-mitted—’’ in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) and all that follows through ‘‘to the Secretary’’ in subparagraph (B) and in-serting ‘‘submitted to the Secretary’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)—’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b) not later than April 15 of the year of the payment.’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2). SEC. 12605. WOOL RESEARCH AND PROMOTION. 
Section 12316(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 7101 note; Public Law 113–79) is amended by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 12606. EMERGENCY CITRUS DISEASE RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT TRUST FUND. 
(a) D EFINITION OF CITRUS .—In this section, the term ‘‘citrus’’ means edible fruit of the family Rutaceae, including any hybrid of that fruit and any product of that hybrid that is produced for commercial purposes in the United States. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF TRUST FUND.—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund, to be known as the ‘‘Emergency Citrus Disease Research and De-velopment Trust Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Citrus Trust Fund’’), con-sisting of such amounts as shall be trans-ferred to the Citrus Trust Fund pursuant to subsection (d). (c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—From amounts in the Cit-rus Trust Fund, the Secretary shall make payments annually beginning in fiscal year 2019 to— (A) entities engaged in scientific research and extension activities, technical assist-ance, or development activities to combat domestic or invasive citrus diseases and pests that pose imminent harm to the United States citrus production and threaten the fu-ture viability of the citrus industry, includ-ing huanglongbing and the Asian Citrus Psyllid; and (B) entities engaged in supporting the dis-semination and commercialization of rel-evant information, techniques, or tech-nologies discovered under research and ex-tension activities funded through— (i) the Citrus Trust Fund; or (ii) other research and extension projects intended to solve problems caused by citrus production diseases and invasive pests. (2) P
RIORITY .—In making payments under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give pri-ority to entities that use the payments to address the research and extension priorities established pursuant to section 1408A(g)(4) of the National Agricultural Research, Exten-sion, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3123a(g)(4)). (3) C
OORDINATION .—In determining how to distribute funds under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) seek input from Federal and State agencies and other entities involved in citrus disease response; and (B) take into account other public and pri-vate citrus-related research and extension projects and the funding for those projects. (4) N
ONDUPLICATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that funds provided under paragraph (1) shall be in addition to and not supplant funds made available to carry out other cit-rus disease activities carried out by the De-partment of Agriculture in consultation with State agencies. (d) FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall transfer to the Citrus Trust Fund $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until ex-pended. 
SEC. 12607. EXTENSION OF MERCHANDISE PROC-ESSING FEES. 
Section 503 of the United States–Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended by striking ‘‘February 24, 2027’’ and inserting ‘‘May 26, 2027’’. 
SEC. 12608. CONFORMING CHANGES TO CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102(16) of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802(16)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(16) The’’ and inserting ‘‘(16)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Such term does not include the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) The term ‘marihuana’ does not in-clude— ‘‘(i) hemp, as defined in section 297A of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946; or ‘‘(ii) the’’. (b) T
ETRAHYDROCANNABINOL .—Schedule I, as set forth in section 202(c) of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)), is amended in subsection (c)(17) by inserting after ‘‘Tetrahydrocannabinols’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, except for tetrahydrocannabinols in hemp (as defined under section 297A of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946)’’. 
SEC. 12609. NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PRO-GRAM REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 31, 2019’’. (b) P
ROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 12610. EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE FOR LIVE-STOCK, HONEY BEES, AND FARM- RAISED FISH. 
Section 1501(d)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(d)(2)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘, including inspections of cattle tick fever’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 12611. ADMINISTRATIVE UNITS. 
Section 1117 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9017) (as amended by section 1104(6)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A
DMINISTRATIVE UNITS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of agri-culture risk coverage payments in the case of county coverage, a county may be divided into not greater than 2 administrative units in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE COUNTIES .—A county that may be divided into administrative units under this subsection is a county that— ‘‘(A) is larger than 1,400 square miles; ‘‘(B) in contained within a State that is larger than 140,000 square miles; and ‘‘(C) contains more than 190,000 base acres. ‘‘(3) E
LECTIONS .—Before making any agri-culture risk coverage payments for the 2019 crop year, the Farm Service Agency State committee, in consultation with the Farm Service Agency county or area committee of a county described in paragraph (2), may make a 1-time election to divide the county into administrative units under this sub-section along a boundary that better reflects differences in weather patterns, soil types, or other factors. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION .—For purposes of pro-viding agriculture risk coverage payments in the case of county coverage, the Secretary shall consider an administrative unit elected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4634 June 27, 2018 
under paragraph (3) to be a county for the 2019 through 2023 crop years.’’. 
SEC. 12612. DROUGHT AND WATER CONSERVA-TION AGREEMENTS. 
Section 1231A of the Food Security Act of 1985 (as added by section 2105(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) D
ROUGHT AND WATER CONSERVATION  A
GREEMENTS .—In the case of an agreement under subsection (b)(1) to address regional drought concerns, in accordance with the conservation purposes of the program, the Secretary, in consultation with the applica-ble State technical committee established under section 1261(a), may— ‘‘(1) notwithstanding subsection (a)(1), en-roll other agricultural land on which the re-source concerns identified in the agreement can be addressed if the enrollment of the land is critical to the accomplishment of the purposes of the agreement; ‘‘(2) permit dryland agricultural uses with the adoption of best management practices on enrolled land if the agreement involves the significant long-term reduction of con-sumptive water use and dryland production is compatible with the agreement; and ‘‘(3) calculate annual rental payments con-sistent with existing administrative practice for similar drought and water conservation agreements under this subchapter and ensure regional consistency in those rates.’’. 
SEC. 12613. ENCOURAGEMENT OF POLLINATOR HABITAT DEVELOPMENT AND PRO-TECTION. 
Section 1244(h) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the development of a conservation and recovery plan for protection of pollinators through conservation biological control or practices and strategies to integrate natural predators and parasites of crop pests into ag-ricultural systems for pest control; and ‘‘(4) training for producers relating to background science, implementation, and promotion of conservation biological control such that producers base conservation ac-tivities on practices and techniques that conserve or enhance natural habitat for ben-eficial insects as a way of reducing pest prob-lems and pesticide applications on farms.’’. 
SEC. 12614. REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF FENC-ING; COST SHARE PAYMENTS. 
(a) R EPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF FENCING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 401 of the Agricul-tural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2201) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘wildfires,’’ after ‘‘hurri-canes,’’; (B) by striking the section designation and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary of Agriculture’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 401. PAYMENTS TO PRODUCERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture (referred to in this title as the ‘Sec-retary’)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) R
EPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF FENC-
ING.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a pay-ment to an agricultural producer under sub-section (a) for the repair or replacement of fencing, the Secretary shall give the agricul-tural producer the option of receiving not more than 25 percent of the payment, deter-mined by the Secretary based on the applica-ble percentage of the fair market value of the cost of the repair or replacement, before the agricultural producer carries out the re-pair or replacement. ‘‘(2) R
ETURN OF FUNDS .—If the funds pro-vided under paragraph (1) are not expended by the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date on which the agricultural producer receives those funds, the funds shall be re-turned within a reasonable timeframe, as de-termined by the Secretary.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Sections 402, 403, 404, and 405 of the Ag-ricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2202, 2203, 2204, 2205) are amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (B) Section 407(a) of the Agricultural Cred-it Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2206(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (b) C
OSTSHARE PAYMENTS .—Title IV of the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 402 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 402A. COST-SHARE REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) C OST-SHARE RATE.—Subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), the maximum cost-share payment under sections 401 and 402 shall not exceed, 75 percent of the total allowable cost, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), a payment to a limited resource farmer or rancher, a socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher (as defined in 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a)), or a beginning farmer or rancher under section 401 or 402 shall not exceed 90 percent of the total al-lowable cost, as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .—The total payment under sections 401 and 402 for a single event may not exceed 50 percent of the agriculture value of the land, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 12615. FOOD DONATION STANDARDS. 
Section 203D of the Emergency Food As-sistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7507) (as amend-ed by section 4115(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) F
OODDONATION STANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
PPARENTLY WHOLESOME FOOD .—The term ‘apparently wholesome food’ has the meaning given the term in section 22(b) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1791(b)). ‘‘(B) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFIED DIRECT DONOR .—The term ‘qualified direct donor’ means a retail food store, wholesaler, agricultural producer, res-taurant, caterer, school food authority, or institution of higher education. ‘‘(2) G
UIDANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall issue guidance to promote awareness of donations of apparently whole-some food protected under section 22(c) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1791(c)) by qualified direct donors in compli-ance with applicable State and local health, food safety, and food handling laws (includ-ing regulations). ‘‘(B) I
SSUANCE .—The Secretary shall en-courage State agencies and emergency feed-ing organizations to share the guidance issued under subparagraph (A) with qualified direct donors.’’. 
SEC. 12616. MICRO-GRANTS FOR FOOD SECURITY. 
The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 is amended by inserting after section 4405 (7 U.S.C. 7517) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4406. MICRO-GRANTS FOR FOOD SECURITY. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to increase the quantity and quality of lo-cally grown food through small-scale gar-dening, herding, and livestock operations in food insecure communities in areas of the United States that have significant levels of food insecurity and import a significant quantity of food. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that— ‘‘(A) is— ‘‘(i) an individual; ‘‘(ii) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) or a consortium of Indian tribes; ‘‘(iii) a nonprofit organization engaged in increasing food security, as determined by the Secretary, including— ‘‘(I) a religious organization; ‘‘(II) a food bank; and ‘‘(III) a food pantry; ‘‘(iv) a federally funded educational facil-ity, including— ‘‘(I) a Head Start program or an Early Head Start program carried out under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.); ‘‘(II) a public elementary school or public secondary school; ‘‘(III) a public institution of higher edu-cation (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)); ‘‘(IV) a Tribal College or University (as de-fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))); and ‘‘(V) a job training program; or ‘‘(v) a local or Tribal government that may not levy local taxes under State or Federal law; and ‘‘(B) is located in an eligible State. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘eligible State’ means— ‘‘(A) the State of Alaska; ‘‘(B) the State of Hawaii; ‘‘(C) American Samoa; ‘‘(D) the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; ‘‘(E) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; ‘‘(F) the Federated States of Micronesia; ‘‘(G) Guam; ‘‘(H) the Republic of the Marshall Islands; ‘‘(I) the Republic of Palau; and ‘‘(J) the United States Virgin Islands. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall distribute funds to the agricultural depart-ment or agency of each eligible State for the competitive distribution of subgrants to eli-gible entities to increase the quantity and quality of locally grown food in food insecure communities, including through small-scale gardening, herding, and livestock operations. ‘‘(d) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amount made available under subsection (g), the Secretary shall distribute— ‘‘(A) 40 percent to the State of Alaska; ‘‘(B) 40 percent to the State of Hawaii; and ‘‘(C) 2.5 percent to each insular area de-scribed in subparagraphs (C) through (J) of subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER OF FUNDS .—Funds distrib-uted under paragraph (1) shall remain avail-able until expended. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE FUNDS .—An eligible State that receives funds under paragraph (1) may use not more than 3 percent of those funds— ‘‘(A) to administer the competition for pro-viding subgrants to eligible entities in that eligible State; ‘‘(B) to provide oversight of the subgrant recipients in that eligible State; and ‘‘(C) to collect data and submit a report to the Secretary under subsection (f)(2). ‘‘(e) S
UBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) A
MOUNT OF SUBGRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of a subgrant to an eligible entity under this sec-tion shall be— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4635 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(i) in the case of an eligible entity that is an individual, not greater than $5,000 per year; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of an eligible entity de-scribed in clauses (ii) through (v) of sub-section (b)(1)(A), not greater than $10,000 per year. ‘‘(B) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—As a condi-tion of receiving a subgrant under this sec-tion, an eligible entity shall provide funds equal to 10 percent of the amount received by the eligible entity under the subgrant, to be derived from non-Federal sources. ‘‘(C) C
ARRYOVER OF FUNDS .—Funds received by an eligible entity that is awarded a subgrant under this section shall remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In carrying out the com-petitive distribution of subgrants under sub-section (c), an eligible State may give pri-ority to an eligible entity that— ‘‘(A) has not previously received a subgrant under this section; or ‘‘(B) is located in a community or region in that eligible State with the highest degree of food insecurity, as determined by the agri-cultural department or agency of the eligible State. ‘‘(3) P
ROJECTS .—An eligible State may pro-vide subgrants to 2 or more eligible entities to carry out the same project. ‘‘(4) U
SE OF SUBGRANT FUNDS BY ELIGIBLE  
ENTITIES .—An eligible entity that receives a subgrant under this section shall use the funds to engage in activities that will in-crease the quantity and quality of locally grown food, including by— ‘‘(A) purchasing gardening tools or equip-ment, soil, soil amendments, seeds, plants, animals, canning equipment, refrigeration, or other items necessary to grow and store food; ‘‘(B) purchasing or building composting units; ‘‘(C) purchasing or building towers de-signed to grow leafy green vegetables; ‘‘(D) expanding an area under cultivation or engaging in other activities necessary to be eligible to receive funding under the envi-ronmental quality incentives program estab-lished under chapter 4 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa et seq.) for a high tunnel; ‘‘(E) engaging in an activity that extends the growing season; ‘‘(F) starting or expanding hydroponic and aeroponic farming of any scale; ‘‘(G) building, buying, erecting, or repair-ing fencing for livestock, poultry, or rein-deer; ‘‘(H) purchasing and equipping a slaughter and processing facility approved by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(I) travelling to participate in agricul-tural education provided by— ‘‘(i) a State cooperative extension service; ‘‘(ii) a land-grant college or university (as defined in section 1404 of the National Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3103)); ‘‘(iii) a Tribal College or University (as de-fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))); ‘‘(iv) an Alaska Native-serving institution or a Native Hawaiian-serving institution (as those terms are defined in section 317(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059d(b))); or ‘‘(v) a Federal or State agency; ‘‘(J) paying for shipping of purchased items relating to increasing food security; ‘‘(K) creating or expanding avenues for— ‘‘(i) the sale of food commodities, specialty crops, and meats that are grown by the eligi-ble entity for sale in the local community; or ‘‘(ii) the availability of fresh, locally grown, and nutritious food; and ‘‘(L) engaging in other activities relating to increasing food security (including sub-sistence), as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) ELIGIBILITY FOR OTHER FINANCIAL AS -
SISTANCE .—An eligible entity shall not be in-eligible to receive financial assistance under another program administered by the Sec-retary as a result of receiving a subgrant under this section. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) S
UBGRANT RECIPIENTS .—As a condition of receiving a subgrant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit to the eligible State in which the eligible entity is located a report— ‘‘(A) as soon as practicable after the end of the project; and ‘‘(B) that describes the quantity of food grown and the number of people fed as a re-sult of the subgrant. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO THE SECRETARY .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which an eli-gible State receives a report from each eligi-ble entity in that State under paragraph (1), the eligible State shall submit to the Sec-retary a report that describes, in the aggre-gate, the information and data contained in the reports received from those eligible enti-ties. ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, to remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATIONS IN ADVANCE .—Only funds appropriated under paragraph (1) in ad-vance specifically to carry out this section shall be available to carry out this section. ‘‘(h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes effect on the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018.’’. 
SEC. 12617. USE OF ADDITIONAL COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION FUNDS FOR DIRECT OPERATING MICROLOANS UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS. 
Section 346(b) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1994(b)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF ADDITIONAL COMMODITY CREDIT  
CORPORATION FUNDS FOR DIRECT OPERATING  
MICROLOANS UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the amount needed for a fiscal year for direct operating loans (including microloans) under subtitle B is greater than the aggregate principal amount authorized for that fiscal year by this Act, an appropria-tions Act, or any other provision of law, the Secretary shall make additional microloans under subtitle B using amounts made avail-able under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) F
UNDING .—Of the funds of the Com-modity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to make microloans under subtitle B, under the conditions described in subpara-graph (A), not more than $5,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .—Not later than 15 days before the date on which the Secretary uses the au-thority under subparagraphs (A) and (B), the Secretary shall submit a notice of the use of that authority to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(iii) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(iv) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate.’’. 
SEC. 12618. BUSINESS AND INNOVATION SERV-ICES ESSENTIAL COMMUNITY FA-CILITIES. 
Section 306(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)) (as amended by section 6105) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) BUSINESS AND INNOVATION SERVICES  
ESSENTIAL COMMUNITY FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary may make loans and loan guarantees under this subsection and grants under para-graphs (19), (20), and (21) for essential com-munity facilities for business and innovation services, such as incubators, co-working spaces, makerspaces, and residential entre-preneur and innovation centers.’’. 
SEC. 12619. RURAL INNOVATION STRONGER ECONOMY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Subtitle D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 379I. RURAL INNOVATION STRONGER ECONOMY GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a rural jobs accelerator part-nership established after the date of enact-ment of this section that— ‘‘(A) organizes key community and re-gional stakeholders into a working group that— ‘‘(i) focuses on the shared goals and needs of the industry clusters that are objectively identified as existing, emerging, or declin-ing; ‘‘(ii) represents a region defined by the partnership in accordance with subparagraph (B); ‘‘(iii) includes 1 or more representatives of— ‘‘(I) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)); ‘‘(II) a private entity; or ‘‘(III) a government entity; ‘‘(iv) may include 1 or more representa-tives of— ‘‘(I) an economic development or other community or labor organization; ‘‘(II) a financial institution, including a community development financial institu-tion (as defined in section 103 of the Commu-nity Development Banking and Financial In-stitutions Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4702)); ‘‘(III) a philanthropic organization; or ‘‘(IV) a rural cooperative, if the coopera-tive is organized as a nonprofit organization; and ‘‘(v) has, as a lead applicant— ‘‘(I) a District Organization (as defined in section 300.3 of title 13, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or a successor regulation)); ‘‘(II) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)), or a consortium of Indian tribes; ‘‘(III) a State or a political subdivision of a State, including a special purpose unit of a State or local government engaged in eco-nomic development activities, or a consor-tium of political subdivisions; ‘‘(IV) an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)) or a con-sortium of institutions of higher education; or ‘‘(V) a public or private nonprofit organiza-tion; and ‘‘(B) subject to approval by the Secretary, may— ‘‘(i) serve a region that is— ‘‘(I) a single jurisdiction; or ‘‘(II) if the region is a rural area, multi-jurisdictional; and ‘‘(ii) define the region that the partnership represents, if the region— ‘‘(I) is large enough to contain critical ele-ments of the industry cluster prioritized by the partnership; ‘‘(II) is small enough to enable close col-laboration among members of the partner-ship; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4636 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(III) includes a majority of communities that are located in— ‘‘(aa) a nonmetropolitan area that qualifies as a low-income community (as defined in section 45D(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986); and ‘‘(bb) an area that has access to or has a plan to achieve broadband service (within the meaning of title VI of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb et seq.)); and ‘‘(IV)(aa) has a population of 50,000 or fewer inhabitants; or ‘‘(bb) for a region with a population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, is the subject of a positive determination by the Secretary with respect to a rural-in-character petition, including such a petition submitted concur-rently with the application of the partner-ship for a grant under this section. ‘‘(2) I
NDUSTRY CLUSTER .—The term ‘indus-try cluster’ means a broadly defined network of interconnected firms and supporting insti-tutions in related industries that accelerate innovation, business formation, and job cre-ation by taking advantage of assets and strengths of a region in the business environ-ment. ‘‘(3) H
IGH-WAGE JOB .—The term ‘high-wage job’ means a job that provides a wage that is greater than the median wage for the appli-cable region, as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(4) J
OBS ACCELERATOR .—The term ‘jobs ac-celerator’ means a jobs accelerator center or program located in or serving a low-income rural community that may provide co-work-ing space, in-demand skills training, entre-preneurship support, and any other services described in subsection (d)(1)(B). ‘‘(5) S
MALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS .— The term ‘small and disadvantaged business’ has the meaning given the term ‘small busi-ness concern owned and controlled by so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-viduals’ in section 8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C)). ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a grant program under which the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities to establish jobs accelerators, including related program-ming, that— ‘‘(A) improve the ability of distressed rural communities to create high-wage jobs, accel-erate the formation of new businesses with high-growth potential, and strengthen re-gional economies, including by helping to build capacity in the applicable region to achieve those goals; and ‘‘(B) help rural communities identify and maximize local assets and connect to re-gional opportunities, networks, and industry clusters that demonstrate high growth po-tential. ‘‘(2) C
OST-SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out using a grant made under paragraph (1) shall be not great-er than 80 percent. ‘‘(B) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The non-Fed-eral share of the total cost of any activity carried out using a grant made under para-graph (1) may be in the form of donations or in-kind contributions of goods or services fairly valued. ‘‘(3) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting eli-gible entities to receive grants under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) the commitment of participating core stakeholders in the jobs accelerator partner-ship, including a demonstration that— ‘‘(i) investment organizations, including venture development organizations, venture capital firms, revolving loan funders, angel investment groups, community lenders, com-munity development financial institutions, rural business investment companies, small business investment companies (as defined in section 103 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 662)), philanthropic or-ganizations, and other institutions focused on expanding access to capital, are com-mitted partners in the jobs accelerator part-nership and willing to potentially invest in projects emerging from the jobs accelerator; and ‘‘(ii) institutions of higher education, ap-plied research institutions, workforce devel-opment entities, and community-based orga-nizations are willing to partner with the jobs accelerator to provide workers with skills relevant to the industry cluster needs of the region, with an emphasis on the use of on- the-job training, registered apprenticeships, customized training, classroom occupational training, or incumbent worker training; ‘‘(B) the ability of the eligible entity to provide the non-Federal share as required under paragraph (2); ‘‘(C) the speed of available broadband serv-ice and how the jobs accelerator plans to im-prove access to high-speed broadband serv-ice, if necessary, and leverage that broadband service for programs of the jobs accelerator; ‘‘(D) the identification of a targeted indus-try cluster, including a description of— ‘‘(i) data showing the existence of emer-gence of an industry cluster; ‘‘(ii) the importance of the industry cluster to economic growth in the region; ‘‘(iii) the specific needs and opportunities for growth in the industry cluster; ‘‘(iv) the unique assets a region has to sup-port the industry cluster and to have a com-petitive advantage in that industry cluster; ‘‘(v) evidence of a concentration of firms or concentration of employees in the industry cluster; and ‘‘(vi) available industry-specific infrastruc-ture that supports the industry cluster; ‘‘(E) the ability of the partnership to link rural communities to markets, networks, in-dustry clusters, and other regional opportu-nities and assets— ‘‘(i) to improve the competitiveness of the rural region; ‘‘(ii) to repatriate United States jobs; ‘‘(iii) to foster high-wage job creation; ‘‘(iv) to support innovation and entrepre-neurship; and ‘‘(v) to promote private investment in the rural regional economy; ‘‘(F) other grants or loans of the Secretary and other Federal agencies that the jobs ac-celerator would be able to leverage; and ‘‘(G) prospects for the proposed center and related programming to have sustainability beyond the full maximum length of assist-ance under this subsection, including the maximum number of renewals. ‘‘(4) GRANT TERM AND RENEWALS .— ‘‘(A) T
ERM.—The initial term of a grant under paragraph (1) shall be 4 years. ‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a grant under paragraph (1) for an additional period of not longer than 2 years if the Sec-retary is satisfied, using the evaluation under subsection (e)(2), that the grant recipi-ent has successfully established a jobs accel-erator and related programming. ‘‘(5) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall provide grants under paragraph (1) for jobs accelerators and related programming in not fewer than 25 States at any time. ‘‘(c) G
RANT AMOUNT .—A grant awarded under subsection (b) may be in an amount equal to— ‘‘(1) not less than $500,000; and ‘‘(2) not more than $2,000,000. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), funds from a grant awarded under subsection (b) may be used— ‘‘(A) to construct, purchase, or equip a building to serve as an innovation center, which may include— ‘‘(i) housing for business owners or work-ers; ‘‘(ii) co-working space, which may include space for remote work; ‘‘(iii) space for businesses to utilize with a focus on entrepreneurs and small and dis-advantaged businesses but that may include collaboration with companies of all sizes; ‘‘(iv) job training programs; and ‘‘(v) efforts to utilize the innovation center as part of the development of a community downtown; or ‘‘(B) to support programs to be carried out at, or in direct partnership with, the jobs ac-celerator that support the objectives of the jobs accelerator, including— ‘‘(i) linking rural communities to markets, networks, industry clusters, and other re-gional opportunities to support high-wage job creation, new business formation, and economic growth; ‘‘(ii) integrating small businesses into a supply chain; ‘‘(iii) creating or expanding commercializa-tion activities for new business formation; ‘‘(iv) identifying and building assets in rural communities that are crucial to sup-porting regional economies; ‘‘(v) facilitating the repatriation of high- wage jobs to the United States; ‘‘(vi) supporting the deployment of innova-tive processes, technologies, and products; ‘‘(vii) enhancing the capacity of small businesses in regional industry clusters, in-cluding small and disadvantaged businesses; ‘‘(viii) increasing United States exports and business interaction with international buyers and suppliers; ‘‘(ix) developing the skills and expertise of local workforces, entrepreneurs, and institu-tional partners to support growing industry clusters, including the upskilling of incum-bent workers; ‘‘(x) ensuring rural communities have the capacity and ability to carry out projects re-lating to housing, community facilities, in-frastructure, or community and economic development to support regional industry cluster growth; ‘‘(xi) establishing training programs to meet the needs of employers in a regional in-dustry cluster and prepare workers for high- wage jobs; or ‘‘(xii) any other activities that the Sec-retary may determine to be appropriate. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), not more than 10 percent of a grant awarded under subsection (b) shall be used for indirect costs associated with admin-istering the grant. ‘‘(B) I
NCREASE .—The Secretary may in-crease the percentage described in subpara-graph (A) on a case-by-case basis. ‘‘(e) A
NNUAL ACTIVITY REPORT AND EVALUA -
TION.—Not later than 1 year after receiving a grant under this section, and annually there-after for the duration of the grant, an eligi-ble entity shall— ‘‘(1) report to the Secretary on the activi-ties funded with the grant; and ‘‘(2)(A) evaluate the progress that the eligi-ble entity has made toward the strategic ob-jectives identified in the application for the grant; and ‘‘(B) measure that progress using perform-ance measures during the project period, which may include— ‘‘(i) high-wage jobs created; ‘‘(ii) high-wage jobs retained; ‘‘(iii) private investment leveraged; ‘‘(iv) businesses improved; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4637 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(v) new business formations; ‘‘(vi) new products or services commer-cialized; ‘‘(vii) improvement of the value of existing products or services under development; ‘‘(viii) regional collaboration, as measured by such metrics as— ‘‘(I) the number of organizations actively engaged in the industry cluster; ‘‘(II) the number of symposia held by the industry cluster, including organizations that are not located in the immediate region defined by the partnership; and ‘‘(III) the number of further cooperative agreements; ‘‘(ix) the number of education and training activities relating to innovation; ‘‘(x) the number of jobs relocated from out-side of the United States to the region; ‘‘(xi) the amount and number of new equity investments in industry cluster firms; ‘‘(xii) the amount and number of new loans to industry cluster firms; ‘‘(xiii) the dollar increase in exports result-ing from the project activities; ‘‘(xiv) the percentage of employees for which training was provided; ‘‘(xv) improvement in sales of partici-pating businesses; ‘‘(xvi) improvement in wages paid at par-ticipating businesses; ‘‘(xvii) improvement in income of partici-pating workers; or ‘‘(xviii) any other measure the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(f) I
NTERAGENCY TASKFORCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an interagency Federal task force to support the network of jobs accelerators by— ‘‘(A) providing successful applicants with available information and technical assist-ance on Federal resources relevant to the project and region; ‘‘(B) establishing a Federal support team comprised of staff from participating agen-cies in the task force that shall provide co-ordinated and dedicated support services to jobs accelerators; and ‘‘(C) providing opportunities for the net-work of jobs accelerators to share best prac-tices and further collaborate to achieve the purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The task force estab-lished under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be co-chaired by— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Commerce (or a des-ignee); and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary (or a designee); and ‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Education (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of Energy (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Health and Human Services (or a designee); ‘‘(iv) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (or a designee); ‘‘(v) the Secretary of Labor (or a designee); ‘‘(vi) the Secretary of Transportation (or a designee); ‘‘(vii) the Secretary of the Treasury (or a designee); ‘‘(viii) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency (or a designee); ‘‘(ix) the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration (or a designee); ‘‘(x) the Federal Co-Chair of the Appa-lachian Regional Commission (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(xi) the Federal Co-Chairman of the Board of the Delta Regional Authority (or a des-ignee); ‘‘(xii) the Federal Co-Chair of the Northern Border Regional Commission (or a designee); ‘‘(xiii) national and local organizations that have relevant programs and interests that could serve the needs of the jobs accel-erators; ‘‘(xiv) representatives of State and local governments or State and local economic de-velopment agencies; ‘‘(xv) representatives of institutions of higher education, including land-grant uni-versities; and ‘‘(xvi) such other heads of Federal agencies and non-Federal partners as determined ap-propriate by the co-chairs of the task force.’’. SEC. 12620. DRYLAND FARMING AGRICULTURAL SYSTEMS. 
Section 1672(d) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(d)) (as amended by section 7209(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) D
RYLAND FARMING AGRICULTURAL SYS -
TEMS .—Research and extension grants may be made under this section for the purposes of carrying out or enhancing research on the utilization of big data for more precise man-agement of dryland farming agricultural sys-tems.’’. 
SEC. 12621. REMOTE SENSING TECHNOLOGIES. 
The Chief of the Forest Service shall— (1) continue to find efficiencies in the oper-ations of the forest inventory and analysis program under section 3(e) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Research Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 1642(e)) through the im-proved use and integration of advanced re-mote sensing technologies to provide esti-mates for State- and national-level inven-tories, where appropriate; and (2) partner with States and other inter-ested stakeholders to carry out the program described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 12622. BUY AMERICAN REQUIREMENTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) fully enforce the Buy American provi-sions applicable to domestic food assistance programs administered by the Food and Nu-trition Service; and (2) submit to Congress a report on the ac-tions the Secretary has taken and plans to take to comply with paragraph (1). 
SEC. 12623. ELIGIBILITY FOR OPERATORS ON HEIRS PROPERTY LAND TO OBTAIN A FARM NUMBER. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE DOCUMENTATION .—The term ‘‘eligible documentation’’, with respect to land for which a farm operator seeks assign-ment of a farm number under subsection (b)(1), includes— (A) in States that have adopted a statute consisting of an enactment or adoption of the Uniform Partition of Heirs Property Act, as approved and recommended for enactment in all States by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws in 2010— (i) a court order verifying the land meets the definition of heirs property (as defined in that Act); or (ii) a certification from the local recorder of deeds that the recorded owner of the land is deceased and not less than 1 heir of the re-corded owner of the land has initiated a pro-cedure to retitle the land in the name of the rightful heir; (B) a fully executed, unrecorded tenancy- in-common agreement that sets out owner-ship rights and responsibilities among all of the owners of the land that— (i) has been approved by a majority of the ownership interests in that property; (ii) has given a particular owner the right to manage and control any portion or all of the land for purposes of operating a farm or ranch; and (iii) was validly entered into under the au-thority of the jurisdiction in which the land is located; (C) the tax return of a farm operator farm-ing a property with undivided interests for each of the 5 years preceding the date on which the farm operator submits the tax re-turns as eligible documentation under sub-section (b); (D) self-certification that the farm oper-ator has control of the land for purposes of operating a farm or ranch; and (E) any other documentation identified by the Secretary under subsection (c). (2) FARM NUMBER .—The term ‘‘farm num-ber’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 718.2 of title 7, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (b) F
ARMNUMBER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the assignment of a farm number to any farm operator who provides any form of eligible documentation for purposes of dem-onstrating that the farm operator has con-trol of the land for purposes of defining that land as a farm. (2) E
LIGIBILITY .—Any farm number pro-vided under paragraph (1) shall be sufficient to satisfy any requirement of the Secretary to have a farm number to participate in a program of the Secretary. (c) E
LIGIBLE DOCUMENTATION .—The Sec-retary shall identify alternative forms of eli-gible documentation that a farm operator may provide in seeking the assignment of a farm number under subsection (b)(1). 
SEC. 12624. LOANS TO PURCHASERS OF LAND WITH UNDIVIDED INTEREST AND NO ADMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITY. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF BEGINNING FARMER  
AND RANCHER INDIVIDUAL DEVELOPMENT AC-
COUNTS PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 333B(h) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 1983b(h)) (as amended by section 5301) is amended by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Subtitle D of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1981 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 333D the following: 
‘‘SEC. 333E. FARMER LOAN PILOT PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may con-duct pilot projects of limited scope and dura-tion that are consistent with subtitles A, B, C, and this subtitle to evaluate processes and techniques that may improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the programs carried out under subtitles A, B, C, and this subtitle. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not less than 60 days before the date on which the Secretary initiates a pilot project under subsection (a), submit notice of the proposed pilot project to the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate; and ‘‘(2) consider any recommendations or feedback provided to the Secretary in re-sponse to the notice provided under para-graph (1).’’. (c) R
ELENDING PROGRAM .—Subtitle A of title III of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1922 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 310I. RELENDING PROGRAM TO RESOLVE OWNERSHIP AND SUCCESSION ON FARMLAND. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may make or guarantee loans to eligible entities described in subsection (b) using amounts made available for farm ownership loans under this subtitle so that the eligible enti-ties may relend the funds to individuals and entities for the purposes described in sub-section (c). ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Entities eligible for loans and loan guarantees described in subsection (a) are cooperatives, credit unions, and nonprofit organizations with— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4638 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(1) certification under section 1805.201 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations) to operate as a lender; ‘‘(2) experience assisting socially disadvan-taged farmers and ranchers (as defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Con-servation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a))) or limited resource or new and be-ginning farmers and ranchers, rural busi-nesses, cooperatives, or credit unions, in-cluding experience in making and servicing agricultural and commercial loans; and ‘‘(3) the ability to provide adequate assur-ance of the repayment of a loan. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PURPOSES .—The proceeds from loans made or guaranteed by the Sec-retary pursuant to subsection (a) shall be re-lent by eligible entities for projects that as-sist heirs with undivided ownership interests to resolve ownership and succession on farm-land that has multiple owners. ‘‘(d) P
REFERENCE .—In making loans under subsection (a), the Secretary shall give pref-erence to eligible entities— ‘‘(1) with not less than 10 years of experi-ence serving socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; and ‘‘(2) in States that have adopted a statute consisting of an enactment or adoption of the Uniform Partition of Heirs Property Act, as approved and recommended for enactment in all States by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws in 2010, that relend to owners of heirs property (as defined in that Act). ‘‘(e) L
OANTERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The fol- lowing terms and conditions shall apply to loans made or guaranteed under this section: ‘‘(1) The interest rate at which inter-mediaries may borrow funds under this sec-tion shall be equal to the rate at which farm ownership loans under this subtitle are made. ‘‘(2) The rates, terms, and payment struc-ture for borrowers to which intermediaries lend shall be— ‘‘(A) determined by the intermediary in an amount sufficient to cover the cost of oper-ating and sustaining the revolving loan fund; and ‘‘(B) clearly and publicly disclosed to qualified ultimate borrowers. ‘‘(3) Borrowers to which intermediaries lend shall be— ‘‘(A) required to complete a succession plan as a condition of the loan; and ‘‘(B) be offered the opportunity to borrow sufficient funds to cover costs associated with the succession plan under subparagraph (A) and other associated legal and closing costs. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report de-scribing the operation and outcomes of the program under this section, with rec-ommendations on how to strengthen the pro-gram. ‘‘(g) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall carry out this section using funds otherwise made available to the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 12625. FARMLAND OWNERSHIP DATA COL-LECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall col-lect and, not less frequently than once every 5 years report, data and analysis on farmland ownership, tenure, transition, and entry of beginning farmers and ranchers (as defined in section 343(a) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a))) and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers (as defined in section 2501(a) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 2279(a))). (b) REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall, at a min-imum— (1) collect and distribute comprehensive re-porting of trends in farmland ownership, ten-ure, transition, barriers to entry, profit-ability, and viability of beginning farmers and ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; (2) develop surveys and report statistical and economic analysis on farmland owner-ship, tenure, transition, barriers to entry, profitability, and viability of beginning farmers and ranchers, including a regular follow-on survey to each Census of Agri-culture with results of the follow-on survey made public not later than 3 years after the previous Census of Agriculture; and (3) require the National Agricultural Sta-tistics Service— (A) to include in the Tenure, Ownership, and Transition of Agricultural Land survey questions relating to— (i) the extent to which non-farming land-owners are purchasing and holding onto farmland for the sole purpose of real estate investment; (ii) the impact of these farmland ownership trends on the successful entry and viability of beginning farmers and ranchers and so-cially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers; (iii) the extent to which farm and ranch land with undivided interests and no admin-istrative authority identified have farms or ranches operating on that land; and (iv) the impact of land tenure patterns, categorized by— (I) race, gender, and ethnicity; and (II) region; and (B) to include in the report of each Tenure, Ownership, and Transition of Agricultural Land survey the results of the questions under subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 12626. RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 384A of the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
VENTURE ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘venture’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) E
QUITY CAPITAL .—The term ‘equity capital’ means— ‘‘(A) common or preferred stock or a simi-lar instrument, including subordinated debt with equity features; and ‘‘(B) any other type of equity-like financ-ing that might be necessary to facilitate the purposes of this Act, excluding financing such as senior debt or other types of financ-ing that competes with routine loanmaking of commercial lenders.’’. (b) P
URPOSES .—Section 384B of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–1) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘venture’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘venture’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ven-ture’’. (c) S
ELECTION OF RURAL BUSINESS INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Section 384D(b)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–3(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘developmental venture’’ and in-serting ‘‘developmental’’. (d) F
EES.—Section 384G of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–6) is amended— (1) in subsections (a) and (b), by striking ‘‘a fee that does not exceed $500’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘such fees as the Sec-retary considers appropriate, so long as those fees are proportionally equal for each rural business investment company,’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sole-ly to cover the costs of licensing examina-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘as the Secretary con-siders appropriate’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) shall be in such amounts as the Sec-retary considers appropriate.’’. (e) LIMITATION ON RURAL BUSINESS INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES CONTROLLED BY FARM CRED-
ITSYSTEM INSTITUTIONS .—Section 384J(c) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–9(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘25’’ and inserting ‘‘50’’. (f) F
LEXIBILITY ON SOURCES OF INVESTMENT  
ORCAPITAL .—Section 384J(a) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–9(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Except as’’ in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A) (as so redesignated) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NVESTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may not require that an entity de-scribed in paragraph (1) provide investment or capital that is not required of other com-panies eligible to apply to operate as a rural business investment company under section 384D(a).’’. 
SEC. 12627. NATIONAL OILHEAT RESEARCH ALLI-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 713 of the Na-tional Oilheat Research Alliance Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 6201 note; Public Law 106–469) is re-pealed. (b) L
IMITATIONS ON OBLIGATIONS OF  F
UNDS .—The National Oilheat Research Alli-ance Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 6201 note; Public Law 106–469) is amended by inserting after section 707 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 708. LIMITATIONS ON OBLIGATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In each fiscal year of the covered period, the Alliance may not obli-gate an amount greater than the sum of— ‘‘(1) 75 percent of the amount of assess-ments estimated to be collected under sec-tion 707 in that fiscal year; ‘‘(2) 75 percent of the amount of assess-ments actually collected under section 707 in the most recent fiscal year for which an audit report has been submitted under sec-tion 706(f)(2)(B) as of the beginning of the fis-cal year for which the amount that may be obligated is being determined, less the esti-mate made pursuant to paragraph (1) for that most recent fiscal year; and ‘‘(3) amounts permitted in preceding fiscal years to be obligated pursuant to this sub-section that have not been obligated. ‘‘(b) E
XCESS AMOUNTS DEPOSITED IN ESCROW  A
CCOUNT .—Assessments collected under sec-tion 707 in excess of the amount permitted to be obligated under subsection (a) in a fiscal year shall be deposited in an escrow account for the duration of the covered period. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS IN ESCROW  A
CCOUNT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—During the covered pe-riod, the Alliance may not obligate, expend, or borrow against amounts required under subsection (b) to be deposited in the escrow account. ‘‘(2) I
NTEREST .—Any interest earned on amounts described in paragraph (1) shall be— ‘‘(A) deposited in the escrow account; and ‘‘(B) unavailable for obligation for the du-ration of the covered period. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4639 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(d) R ELEASE OF AMOUNTS IN ESCROW AC-
COUNT .—After the expiration of the covered period, the Alliance may withdraw and obli-gate in any fiscal year an amount in the es-crow account that does not exceed 
1⁄5of the amount in the escrow account on the last day of the covered period. ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTIMATES FOR PAR-
TICULAR FISCAL YEARS .— ‘‘(1) R
ULE.—For purposes of subsection (a)(1), the amount of assessments estimated to be collected under section 707 in a fiscal year described in paragraph (2) shall be equal to 62 percent of the amount of assessments actually collected under that section in the most recent fiscal year for which an audit re-port has been submitted under section 706(f)(2)(B) as of the beginning of the fiscal year for which the amount that may be obli-gated is being determined. ‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEARS DESCRIBED .—The fiscal years referred to in paragraph (1) are the 9th and 10th fiscal years that begin on or after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018. ‘‘(f) C
OVERED PERIOD DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘covered period’ means the pe-riod that begins on the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 and ends on the last day of the 11th fiscal year that begins on or after that date of enact-ment.’’. 
SA 3225. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. N ELSON ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 4112, insert the following: 
SEC. 411ll. CONSOLIDATED BLOCK GRANTS FOR THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO. 
Section 19(a)(2)(B) of the Food and Nutri-tion Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028(a)(2)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR DISASTER  
RECOVERY EFFORTS IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF  
PUERTO RICO FOR FISCAL YEARS 2020 AND 2021 .— ‘‘(I) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Due to the needs associated with disaster re-covery efforts in the Commonwealth of Puer-to Rico, in addition to amounts made avail-able under clause (i) there is authorized to be appropriated not more than $635,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021 to make ad-ditional payments to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for the expenditures and ex-penses described in clause (i). ‘‘(II) A
PPROPRIATION IN ADVANCE .—Except as provided in subclause (III), only amounts appropriated under subclause (I) in advance specifically for the expenditures and ex-penses described in clause (i) shall be avail-able for payment to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for the expenditures and ex-penses described in that clause. ‘‘(III) O
THER FUNDS .—Funds appropriated under subclause (I) shall be in addition to funds made available under clause (i).’’. 
SA 3226. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. T
OOMEY , and Mr. R UBIO) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. PROHIBITION ON SLAUGHTER OF DOGS AND CATS FOR HUMAN CON-SUMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), no person may— (1) knowingly slaughter a dog or cat for human consumption; or (2) knowingly ship, transport, move, de-liver, receive, possess, purchase, sell, or do-nate— (A) a dog or cat to be slaughtered for human consumption; or (B) a dog or cat part for human consump-tion. (b) S
COPE.—Subsection (a) shall apply only with respect to conduct— (1) in or affecting interstate commerce or foreign commerce; or (2) within the special maritime and terri-torial jurisdiction of the United States. (c) E
XCEPTION FOR INDIAN TRIBES .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to an Indian (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) carrying out any activity described in subsection (a) for the purpose of a religious ceremony. (d) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates subsection (a) shall be subject to a fine in an amount not greater than $5,000 for each vio-lation. (e) E
FFECT ON STATE LAW.—Nothing in this section— (1) limits any State or local law or regula-tion protecting the welfare of animals; or (2) prevents a State or unit of local govern-ment from adopting and enforcing an animal welfare law or regulation that is more strin-gent than this section. 
SA 3227. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. STOP SUBSIDIZING CHILDHOOD OBE-SITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Childhood obesity has more than dou-bled in children and tripled in adolescents in the past 30 years. Currently, more than 
1⁄3of children and adolescents in the United States are overweight or obese. (2) A report by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and Trust for America’s Health found that if the population of the United States continues on its current trajectory, adult obesity rates could exceed 60 percent in a number of States by 2030. (3) Health-related behaviors, such as eating habits and physical activity patterns, de-velop early in life and affect behavior and health in adulthood. The diets of American children and adolescents depart substan-tially from recommended patterns that put their health at risk. Overall, American chil-dren and youth are not achieving basic nu-tritional goals. They are consuming excess calories and added sugars and have higher than recommended intakes of sodium, total fat, and saturated fats. (4) According to a 2012 report from the Fed-eral Trade Commission, the total amount spent on food marketing to children is about $2,000,000,000 per year. (5) Companies market food to children through television, radio, Internet, maga-zines, product placement in movies and video games, schools, product packages, toys, clothing and other merchandise. (6) According to a comprehensive review by the National Academy of Medicine, studies demonstrate that television food advertising affects children’s food choices, food purchase requests, diets, and health. The Academy concluded that the marketing of high-calorie foods to children and adolescents is one of the major contributors to childhood obesity. (7) More than 80 percent of the food adver-tisements seen by children on television are for foods of poor nutritional value. (8) A study published in the Journal of Law and Economics and funded by the National Institutes of Health found that the elimi-nation of the tax deduction that allows com-panies to deduct costs associated with adver-tising food of poor nutritional quality to children could reduce the rates of childhood obesity by 5 to 7 percent. (9) A study published in the Journal of Health Affairs found that the elimination of the tax deduction for costs described in para-graph (8) would save up to $260,000,000 in health care costs and prevent nearly 130,000 cases of childhood obesity over 10 years. (b) DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR ADVERTISING  
AND MARKETING DIRECTED AT CHILDREN TO  P
ROMOTE THE CONSUMPTION OF FOOD OF POOR N
UTRITIONAL QUALITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part IX of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 280I. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR ADVER-TISING AND MARKETING DIRECTED AT CHILDREN TO PROMOTE THE CONSUMPTION OF FOOD OF POOR NUTRITIONAL QUALITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this chapter with respect to— ‘‘(1) any advertisement or marketing— ‘‘(A) primarily directed at children for pur-poses of promoting the consumption by chil-dren of any food of poor nutritional quality, or ‘‘(B) of a brand primarily associated with food of poor nutritional quality that is pri-marily directed at children, and ‘‘(2) any of the following which are in-curred or provided primarily for purposes de-scribed in paragraph (1): ‘‘(A) Travel expenses (including meals and lodging). ‘‘(B) Goods or services of a type generally considered to constitute entertainment, amusement, or recreation or the use of a fa-cility in connection with providing such goods and services. ‘‘(C) Gifts. ‘‘(D) Other promotion expenses. ‘‘(b) NAM S
TUDY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall enter into a con-tract with the National Academy of Medi-cine under which the National Academy of Medicine shall develop procedures for the evaluation and identification of— ‘‘(A) food of poor nutritional quality, and ‘‘(B) brands that are primarily associated with food of poor nutritional quality. ‘‘(2) NAM 
REPORT .—Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the National Academy of Medi-cine shall submit to the Secretary a report that establishes the proposed procedures de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) B
RAND .—The term ‘brand’ means a corporate or product name, a business image, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.034 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4640 June 27, 2018 
or a mark, regardless of whether it may le-gally qualify as a trademark, used by a seller or manufacturer to identify goods or services and to distinguish them from the goods of a competitor. ‘‘(2) C
HILD.—The term ‘child’ means an in-dividual who is age 14 or under. ‘‘(3) F
OOD.—The term ‘food’ shall include beverages, candy, and chewing gum. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Federal Trade Commission and based on the report prepared by the Na-tional Academy of Medicine pursuant to sub-section (b)(2), shall promulgate such regula-tions as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this section, including regula-tions defining the terms ‘marketing’, ‘di-rected at children’, ‘food of poor nutritional quality’, and ‘brand primarily associated with food of poor nutritional quality’ for purposes of this section.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for such part IX is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 280I. Denial of deduction for adver-tising and marketing directed at children to promote the con-sumption of food of poor nutri-tional quality.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning 24 months after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (c) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING FOR THE FRESH  F
RUIT AND VEGETABLE PROGRAM .—In addi- tion to any other amounts made available to carry out the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Pro-gram under section 19 of the Richard B. Rus-sell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1769a), the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall, on an annual basis, transfer to such program, from amounts in the general fund of the Treasury of the United States, an amount determined by the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Sec-retary’s delegate) to be equal to the increase in revenue for the preceding 12-month period by reason of the amendments made by sub-section (b). 
SA 3228. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 121ll. GRASS-FED LABELING OF CERTAIN MEAT PRODUCTS. 
Subtitle A of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) (as amended by section 10102(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210B. GRASS-FED LABELING OF CERTAIN MEAT PRODUCTS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED PRODUCT .—The term ‘covered product’ means a beef product, a lamb prod-uct, a goat product, and a bison product. ‘‘(2) N
ONTHERAPEUTIC .—The term ‘non-therapeutic’, with respect to an antibiotic, hormone, or other drug, means administra-tion of the drug to an animal for purposes other than individualized disease treatment or nonroutine disease control, such as growth promotion, feed efficiency, weight gain, or disease prevention. ‘‘(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF STANDARD .—The Secretary shall establish a standard for the use of the claim ‘grass-fed’ on covered prod-uct labels relating to the raising of animals for the covered products. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In the standard es-tablished under subsection (b), the term ‘grass fed’, or any substantially similar word or phrase, shall not be used on the label of any covered product unless the person mak-ing the claim submits and continues to sub-mit not less than once every 15 months to the Secretary a certificate indicating that a qualified auditor has determined that all producers supplying animals for the covered product are in compliance with the following standards: ‘‘(1) The animal is not confined to a feedlot at any point in their life from birth to slaughter. ‘‘(2) The animal is not treated with non-therapeutic antibiotics or hormones from birth to slaughter. ‘‘(3) The animal is not fed any diet other than grass or forage after being weaned from the milk of the applicable animal until slaughter. ‘‘(4) The animal is provided continuous ac-cess to pasture during the grazing season from weaning until slaughter.’’. 
SA 3229. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. FOOD DATE LABELING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTERING SECRETARIES .—The term ‘‘administering Secretaries’’ means— (A) with respect to products described in paragraph (4)(A), the Secretary; and (B) with respect to products described in paragraph (4)(B), the Secretary of Health and Human Services. (2) F
OOD LABELER .—The term ‘‘food label-er’’ means the producer, manufacturer, dis-tributor, or retailer that places a date label on food packaging of a product. (3) Q
UALITY DATE .—The term ‘‘quality date’’ means a date voluntarily printed on food packaging that is intended to commu-nicate to consumers the date after which the quality of the product may begin to deterio-rate, but the product remains apparently wholesome food (as defined in section 22(b) of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1791(b))). (4) R
EADY -TO-EAT PRODUCT .—The term ‘‘ready-to-eat product’’ means— (A) with respect to a product under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary, a product that— (i) is in a form that is edible without addi-tional preparation to achieve food safety and may receive additional preparation for palat-ability or aesthetic, epicurean, gastronomic, or culinary purposes; and (ii) is— (I) a poultry product (as defined in section 4 of the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 453)); (II) a meat food product (as defined in sec-tion 1 of the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601)); or (III) an egg product (as defined in section 4 of the Egg Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 1033)); and (B) with respect to a food (as defined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321)) under the juris-diction of the Secretary of Health and Human Services— (i) a food that is normally eaten in its raw state; or (ii) any other food, including a processed food, for which it is reasonably foreseeable that the food will be eaten without further processing that would significantly minimize biological hazards. (5) SAFETY DATE .—The term ‘‘safety date’’ means a date printed on food packaging of a high-risk ready-to-eat product, which sig-nifies the end of the estimated period of shelf life under any stated storage conditions, after which the product may pose a health safety risk. (b) Q
UALITY DATES AND SAFETY DATES .— (1) Q
UALITY DATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If a food labeler includes a quality date on food packaging, the label shall use the uniform quality date label phrase under subparagraph (B). (B) U
NIFORM PHRASE .—The uniform quality date label phrase under this paragraph shall be ‘‘BEST If Used By’’, unless and until the administering Secretaries, acting jointly, specify through rulemaking another uniform phrase to be used for purposes of complying with subparagraph (A). (C) O
PTION OF LABELER .—The decision to include a quality date on food packaging shall be at the discretion of the food labeler. (2) S
AFETY DATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The label of a ready-to- eat product that meets the criteria estab-lished under subparagraph (C)(i) shall in-clude a safety date determined under sub-paragraph (C)(ii) that is immediately pre-ceded by the uniform safety date label phrase under subparagraph (B). (B) U
NIFORM PHRASE .—The uniform safety date label phrase under this paragraph shall be ‘‘USE By’’, unless and until the admin-istering Secretaries jointly specify through rulemaking another uniform phrase to be used for purposes of complying with subpara-graph (A). (C) H
IGH-RISK READY -TO-EAT PRODUCTS .— The administering Secretaries, acting joint-ly, shall issue guidance— (i) establishing criteria for determining the conditions under which ready-to-eat products may have a high level of risk asso-ciated with consumption after a certain date; and (ii) for determining safety dates for high- risk ready-to-eat products described in clause (i). (3) Q
UALITY DATE AND SAFETY DATE LABEL -
ING.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The quality date and safety date, as applicable, and immediately adjacent uniform quality date label phrase or safety date label phrase shall be— (i) in single easy-to-read type style; and (ii) located in a conspicuous place on the package of the food. (B) D
ATE FORMAT .—Each quality date and safety date shall be stated in terms of day and month and, as appropriate, year. (C) A
BBREVIATIONS .—A food labeler may use a standard abbreviation of ‘‘BB’’ and ‘‘UB’’ for the quality date and safety date, respectively, only if the food packaging is too small to include the uniform phrase de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B) or (2)(B), as appli-cable. (D) F
REEZE BY .—A food labeler may add ‘‘or Freeze By’’ following a quality date or safety date uniform phrase described in para-graph (1)(B) or (2)(B), as applicable. (4) S
ALE OR DONATION AFTER QUALITY  
DATE .—The sale, donation, or use of any product shall not be prohibited based on pas-sage of the quality date of the product. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.030 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4641 June 27, 2018 
(5) E DUCATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the ad-ministering Secretaries, acting jointly, shall provide consumer education and outreach on the meaning of quality date and safety date food labels. (6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION ; PREEMPTION .— (A) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section prohibits any State or political subdivision of a State from establishing or continuing in effect any requirement that prohibits the sale or donation of foods based on passage of the safety date. (B) P
REEMPTION .—No State or political subdivision of a State may establish or con-tinue in effect any requirement that— (i) relates to the inclusion in food labeling of a quality date or a safety date that is dif-ferent from or in addition to, or that is oth-erwise not identical with, the requirements under this section; or (ii) prohibits the sale or donation of foods based on passage of the quality date. (C) E
NFORCEMENT .—The administering Sec-retaries, acting jointly and in coordination with the Federal Trade Commission, shall ensure that the uniform quality date label phrase and uniform safety date label phrase are standardized across all food products. (D) S
AVINGS .—Nothing in this section, any amendment made by this section, or any standard or requirement imposed pursuant to this section preempts, displaces, or sup-plants any State or Federal common law rights or any State or Federal statute cre-ating a remedy for civil relief, including those for civil damage, or a penalty for criminal conduct. (7) T
IME TEMPERATURE INDICATOR LABELS .— Nothing in this subsection prohibits or re-stricts the use of time-temperature indicator labels or similar technology that is con-sistent with the requirements of this section. (c) M
ISBRANDING VIOLATION FOR QUALITY  D
ATES AND SAFETY DATES IN FOOD LABEL -
ING.— (1) FDA 
VIOLATIONS .—Section 403 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(z) if its labeling is in violation of section 402 of the Food Recovery Act of 2017 (relating to quality dates and safety dates).’’. (2) P
OULTRY PRODUCTS .—Section 4(h) of the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 453(h)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) if it does not bear a label in accord-ance with section 402 of the Food Recovery Act of 2017.’’. (3) M
EAT PRODUCTS .—Section 1(n) of the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601(n)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (12), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) if it does not bear a label in accord-ance with section 402 of the Food Recovery Act of 2017.’’. (4) E
GG PRODUCTS .—Section 7(b) of the Egg Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 1036(b)) is amended in the first sentence by adding be-fore the period at the end ‘‘or if it does not bear a label in accordance with section 402 of the Food Recovery Act of 2017’’. (d) R
EGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the administering Secretaries, acting jointly, shall— (A) promulgate final regulations for car-rying out this section and the amendments made by this section (other than subsection (b)(2)(C)); and (B) issue the guidance required by sub-section (b)(2)(C). (2) UPDATES TO GUIDANCE .—Not less fre-quently than once every 4 years, the admin-istering Secretaries, acting jointly, shall re-view and, as the administering Secretaries determine to be appropriate, update the guidance required by subsection (b)(2)(C). (e) D
ELAYED APPLICABILITY .—This section and the amendments made by this section shall apply only with respect to food prod-ucts that are labeled on or after the date that is 2 years after the date on which final regulations are promulgated under sub-section (d)(1)(A). (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the administering Secretaries, acting jointly, shall report to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress on rates of compliance of food labelers with the food date labeling requirements under this section and the amendments made by this section. 
SA 3230. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 127, strike lines 4 through 7 and in-sert the following: (6) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘$20,000 per year or $80,000 during any 6-year period’’ and inserting ‘‘$160,000 during the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) A
LLOCATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall allo-cate payments to States for the purposes de-scribed in paragraph (1) in accordance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary shall determine the allocation to a State under this subsection based on— ‘‘(i) the certified and transitioning organic operations in the State; ‘‘(ii) the organic acreage of the State; and ‘‘(iii) historical data on organic and transitioning participation within the pro-gram.’’; and 
SA 3231. Mr. GRASSLEY (for him-self, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. E NZI, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 63, between lines 11 and 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 1704. DEFINITION OF SIGNIFICANT CON-TRIBUTION OF ACTIVE PERSONAL MANAGEMENT. 
Section 1001(a) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) SIGNIFICANT CONTRIBUTION OF ACTIVE  
PERSONAL MANAGEMENT .—The term ‘signifi-cant contribution of active personal manage-ment’ means active personal management activities performed by a person with a di-rect or indirect ownership interest in the farming operation on a regular, continuous, and substantial basis to the farming oper-ation, and that meet at least one of the fol-lowing to be considered significant: ‘‘(A) Are performed for at least 25 percent of the total management hours required for the farming operation on an annual basis. ‘‘(B) Are performed for at least 500 hours annually for the farming operation.’’. 
SEC. 1705. ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN FARMING RE-QUIREMENT. 
Section 1001A(b) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 1308–1(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
CTIVELY ENGAGED IN FARMING RE -
QUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, section 1001, and sections 1001B through 1001F, and any regulations to implement those provisions or sections, the Secretary shall consider not more than 1 person or legal entity per farm-ing operation to be actively engaged in farm-ing using active personal management. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may only consider a person or legal entity to be actively engaged in farming using active per-sonal management under subparagraph (A) if the person or legal entity— ‘‘(i) together with other persons or legal entities in the farming operation qualifying as actively engaged in farming under sub-section (b)(2), does not collectively receive, directly or indirectly, an amount equal to more than the limitation under section 1001(b); ‘‘(ii) does not use the active management contribution allowed under this section to qualify as actively engaged in farming in more than 1 farming operation; and ‘‘(iii) manages a farming operation that does not substantially share equipment, labor, or management with persons or legal entities that, together with the person or legal entity, collectively receive, directly or indirectly, an amount equal to more than the limitation under section 1001(b).’’. On page 366, line 6, strike ‘‘$20,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$23,000,000’’. On page 366, line 8, strike ‘‘$23,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$35,000,000’’. On page 366, line 10, strike ‘‘$24,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$35,000,000’’. On page 366, line 12, strike ‘‘$25,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$35,000,000’’. On page 366, line 14, strike ‘‘$25,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$35,000,000’’. 
SA 3232. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86ll. STREAMLINING THE FOREST SERV-ICE PROCESS FOR CONSIDERATION OF COMMUNICATIONS FACILITY LO-CATION APPLICATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMUNICATIONS FACILITY .—The term ‘‘communications facility’’ includes— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.031 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4642 June 27, 2018 
(A) any infrastructure, including any transmitting device, tower, or support struc-ture, and any equipment, switches, wiring, cabling, power sources, shelters, or cabinets, associated with the licensed or permitted un-licensed wireless or wireline transmission of writings, signs, signals, data, images, pic-tures, and sounds of all kinds; and (B) any antenna or apparatus that is— (i) designed for the purpose of emitting radio frequency; (ii)(I) designed to be operated, or is oper-ating, from a fixed location pursuant to au-thorization by the Federal Communications Commission; or (II) using duly authorized devices that do not require individual licenses; and (iii) is added to a tower, building, or other structure. (2) C
OMMUNICATIONS SITE .—The term ‘‘com-munications site’’ means an area of covered land designated for communications uses. (3) C
OMMUNICATIONS USE .—The term ‘‘com-munications use’’ means the placement and operation of communications facility. (4) C
OMMUNICATIONS USE AUTHORIZATION .— The term ‘‘communications use authoriza-tion’’ means an easement, right-of-way, lease, license, or other authorization to lo-cate or modify a communications facility on covered land by the Forest Service for the primary purpose of authorizing the occu-pancy and use of the covered land for com-munications use. (5) C
OVERED LAND .—The term ‘‘covered land’’ means National Forest System land. (6) O
RGANIZATIONAL UNIT .—The term ‘‘orga-nizational unit’’, with respect to the Forest Service, means— (A) a regional office; (B) the headquarters; (C) a management unit; or (D) a ranger district office. (7) S
PECIAL ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘special account’’ means the special account estab-lished for the Forest Service under sub-section (f)(1). (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 6409 of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1455) or section 606 of the Repack Airwaves Yielding Better Access for Users of Modern Services Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–141), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate reg-ulations— (1) to streamline the process for consid-ering applications to locate or modify com-munications facilities on covered land; (2) to ensure, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, that the process is uniform and standardized across the organizational units of the Forest Service; and (3) to require that the applications de-scribed in paragraph (1) be considered and granted on a competitively neutral, tech-nology neutral, and nondiscriminatory basis. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations pro-mulgated under subsection (b) shall— (1) include procedures for the tracking of applications described in subsection (b)(1), including— (A) identifying the number of applica-tions— (i) received; (ii) approved; and (iii) denied; (B) in the case of an application that is de-nied, describing the reasons for the denial; and (C) describing the period of time between the receipt of an application and the issuance of a final decision on an applica-tion; (2) provide for minimum lease terms of not less than 15 years for leases with respect to the location of communications facilities on covered land; (3) include a procedure under which a com-munications use authorization renews auto-matically on expiration, unless the commu-nications use authorization is revoked for good cause; (4) include a structure of fees for— (A) submitting an application described in subsection (b)(1), based on the cost to the Forest Service of considering such an appli-cation; and (B) issuing communications use authoriza-tions, based on the cost to the Forest Service of any maintenance or other activities re-quired to be performed by the Forest Service as a result of the location or modification of the communications facility; (5) provide that if the Forest Service does not grant or deny an application described in subsection (b)(1) by the deadline described in section 6409(b)(3)(A) of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 (47 U.S.C. 1455(b)(3)(A)), the Forest Service shall be deemed to have granted the application; and (6) provide for prioritization or stream-lining of the consideration of applications to locate or modify communications facilities on covered land in a previously disturbed right-of-way. (d) ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In pro- mulgating regulations under subsection (b), the Secretary shall consider— (1) how discrete reviews in considering an application described in paragraph (1) of that subsection can be conducted simultaneously, rather than sequentially, by any organiza-tional units of the Forest Service that must approve the location or modification; and (2) how to eliminate overlapping require-ments among the organizational units of the Forest Service with respect to the location or modification of a communications facility on covered land administered by those orga-nizational units. (e) C
OMMUNICATION OF STREAMLINED PROC-
ESS TO ORGANIZATIONAL UNITS.—With respect to the regulations promulgated under sub-section (b), the Secretary shall— (1) communicate the regulations to the or-ganizational units of the Forest Service; and (2) ensure that the organizational units of the Forest Service follow the regulations. (f) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES.— (1) S
PECIAL ACCOUNT .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall establish a special account in the Treasury for the Forest Service for the deposit of fees collected by the Forest Serv-ice under subsection (c)(4) for communica-tions use authorizations on covered land granted, issued, or executed by the Forest Service. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR FEES COLLECTED .— Fees collected by the Forest Service under paragraph (4) of subsection (c) shall be— (A) based on the costs described in that paragraph; and (B) competitively neutral, technology neu-tral, and nondiscriminatory with respect to other users of the communications site. (3) D
EPOSIT OF FEES .—Fees collected by the Forest Service under subsection (c)(4) shall be deposited in the special account. (4) A
VAILABILITY OF FEES .—Amounts depos-ited in the special account shall be available, to the extent and in such amounts as are provided in advance in appropriation Acts, to the Secretary to cover costs incurred by the Forest Service described in subsection (c)(4), including— (A) preparing needs assessments or other programmatic analyses necessary to des-ignate communications sites and issue com-munications use authorizations; (B) developing management plans for com-munications sites; (C) training for management of commu-nications sites; and (D) obtaining or improving access to com-munications sites. (5) NO ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS AUTHOR -
IZED.—Except as provided in paragraph (4), no other amounts are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this section. (g) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— (1) R
EAL PROPERTY AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this section provides any executive agency with any new leasing or other real property authorities not in existence before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section, including any action taken pursuant to this section, impacts a decision or determination by any executive agency to sell, dispose of, declare excess or surplus, lease, reuse, or re-develop any Federal real property pursuant to title 40, United States Code, the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287; 40 U.S.C. 1303 note), or any other law governing real property activities of the Federal Government. (B) A
GREEMENTS .—No agreement entered into pursuant to this section obligates the Federal Government to hold, control, or oth-erwise retain or use real property that may otherwise be deemed as excess, surplus, or that could otherwise be sold, leased, or rede-veloped. 
SA 3233. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86llll. FOREST PLAN AMENDMENTS. 
Section 6(d) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION WITH SECRETARIES OF  
THE INTERIOR AND COMMERCE .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF NEW , SIGNIFICANT INFOR -
MATION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘new, significant information’ means new, signifi-cant information relevant to the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or the designation of critical habitat pursuant to the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) on a unit of the National Forest System covered by a land management plan under this section. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—If appropriate or on request of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Commerce, as appropriate, if new, significant information becomes available to the Secretary, the Secretary, in accordance with applicable regulations, shall consult with the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Commerce, as applicable, for the sole purpose of assessing whether the new, significant information indicates that the applicable land management plan should be amended or revised. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION .—The consultation under subparagraph (B) shall not be subject to— ‘‘(i) section 7(d) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(d)); or ‘‘(ii) judicial review.’’. 
SA 3234. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.032 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4643 June 27, 2018 
the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 62ll. USE OF ASSISTANCE FOR DEPLOY-MENT OF BROADBAND INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
Title VI of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb et seq.) (as amended by section 6208) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 606. USE OF ASSISTANCE FOR DEPLOY-MENT OF BROADBAND INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF QUALIFYING BROADBAND - 
CAPABLE INFRASTRUCTURE .—In this section, the term ‘qualifying broadband-capable in-frastructure’ means fixed broadband-capable infrastructure— ‘‘(1) used by a service provider to provide fixed broadband service for which the service provider receives universal service support under section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254), if— ‘‘(A) the broadband service satisfies any applicable broadband speed standards under that section and the regulations issued under that section; or ‘‘(B) the service provider is in compliance with buildout obligations to provide retail fixed broadband service that will comply with applicable broadband speed standards described in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(2) that— ‘‘(A) was financed with funds provided by the Secretary under this Act or any other program carried out by the Secretary for the costs of the construction, improvement, or acquisition of facilities or equipment for the purpose of providing fixed telecommuni-cations or broadband service; and ‘‘(B)(i) is used to provide fixed broadband service, if— ‘‘(I) the broadband service satisfies any ap-plicable broadband speed standards estab-lished by the Secretary; or ‘‘(II) the service provider is in compliance with buildout obligations to provide retail fixed broadband service that will comply with applicable broadband speed standards described in subclause (I); or ‘‘(ii) was financed with a loan under this Act or any other program carried out by the Secretary that remains outstanding. ‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF ASSISTANCE .— A loan, grant, or other assistance awarded under this Act, or by the rural development mission area under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.), may not be used to coordinate, ap-prove, or finance the deployment of broadband-capable infrastructure by a serv-ice provider to provide retail fixed broadband service that would overbuild or otherwise du-plicate qualifying broadband-capable infra-structure that another service provider is using to provide retail fixed broadband serv-ice in the same area. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF ASSISTANCE IN UNSERVED  A
REAS .—A loan, grant, or other assistance provided by the Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Rural Utilities Service, to coordinate, approve, or finance the deployment of broadband-capable infra-structure by a service provider may be used to provide retail fixed broadband service in an area in which there is no qualifying broadband-capable infrastructure owned or operated by another service provider.’’. 
SA 3235. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 863l. COLLABORATIVE PROJECTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OLLABORATIVE PROCESS .—The term ‘‘collaborative process’’ means the process described in section 603(b)(1)(C) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(b)(1)(C)). (2) L
EAD OBJECTOR .—The term ‘‘lead objec-tor’’, with respect to a filed objection that lists multiple individuals or entities, means, as applicable, the individual or entity— (A) identified on the objection as the rep-resentative of all other objectors for the pur-poses of communication, written or other-wise, regarding the objection; or (B) designated under subsection (d)(1)(B)(ii). (3) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘project’’ means any project carried out by the Chief of the Forest Service that is developed through a collaborative process, including— (A) an authorized hazardous fuel reduction project under section 102 of the Healthy For-ests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6512); and (B) the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program under section 4003(b) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(b)). (b) C
IVIL ACTION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an individual or enti-ty that files a predecisional administrative objection to a project, or any portion of a project, may only commence a civil action for review of the project, subject to sub-section (d). (c) T
REATMENT OF COLLABORATIVE MEM-
BERS .—For purposes of a civil action for re-view of a project commenced under sub-section (b), any individual or entity that is recognized by the Secretary as a member of the collaborative process for that project shall be— (1) entitled to intervene, as of right, in any subsequent civil action; and (2) considered to be a full participant in any settlement negotiation regarding the project. (d) A
DMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES .— (1) M
EETINGS REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, subject to subpara-graph (C), on request by the Secretary, an in-dividual or entity or lead objector that files a predecisional administrative objection re-garding a project, or any portion of a project, shall publicly meet with the Sec-retary to resolve the objection before filing a petition for review of the project with a court of competent jurisdiction. (B) M
ULTIPLE OBJECTORS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If multiple individuals or entities are listed on an objection, on re-quest for a meeting under subparagraph (A), identification of the lead objector shall be provided to the Secretary. (ii) D
ESIGNATION OF LEAD OBJECTOR .—If identification of the lead objector is not pro-vided under clause (i), the Secretary shall designate the lead objector. (C) T
ELEPHONE CONFERENCES .—The Sec-retary may elect, on a limited, case-by-case basis, to hold a meeting under subparagraph (A) through a telephone conference call, if the Secretary determines an in-person meet-ing to be impracticable. (D) PUBLIC PARTICIPATION .—The Secretary shall provide to each individual or entity that is recognized by the Secretary as a member of the collaborative process— (i) notice that a public meeting has been scheduled under subparagraph (A); and (ii) an opportunity to comment at that public meeting. (2) A
UTHORITY TO DISMISS .—The Secretary shall dismiss any predecisional administra-tive objection if an objector or lead objector fails to appear for a meeting scheduled under paragraph (1)(A). (3) T
REATMENT .—If an objection is dis-missed under paragraph (2), each individual or entity that filed the objection shall be— (A) considered to have failed to exhaust ad-ministrative remedies; and (B) ineligible to seek judicial review of the applicable project. 
SA 3236. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 84llll. INJUNCTIONS FOR AGENCY AC-TIONS UNDER COLLABORATIVELY DEVELOPED FOREST PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591 et seq.) (as amended by section 8611(a)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 607. INJUNCTIONS FOR AGENCY ACTIONS UNDER COLLABORATIVELY DEVEL-OPED FOREST PROJECTS. 
‘‘A court may not enjoin an agency action under a collaboratively developed forest project carried out under this Act, section 4003 of the Omnibus Public Land Manage-ment Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303), or any other applicable law, unless the court determines that the plaintiff has demonstrated that the claim is likely to succeed on the merits.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6501 note; Public Law 108–148) (as amended by section 8611(b)) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 606 the following: ‘‘Sec. 607. Injunctions for agency actions under collaboratively developed forest projects.’’. 
SA 3237. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 861l. EMERGENCY SITUATION DETERMINA-TIONS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
MERGENCY ACTION .—The term ‘‘emer-gency action’’ means an action carried out pursuant to an emergency situation deter-mination. (2) E
MERGENCY SITUATION .—The term ‘‘emergency situation’’ means a situation on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.032 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4644 June 27, 2018 
National Forest System land for which im-mediate implementation of a decision is nec-essary to mitigate harm to life, property, or important natural or cultural resources on National Forest System land or adjacent land. (3) E
MERGENCY SITUATION DETERMINATION .— The term ‘‘emergency situation determina-tion’’ means a determination that an emer-gency situation exists. (4) L
AND AND RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  
PLAN .—The term ‘‘land and resource manage-ment plan’’ means a plan developed under section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Re-newable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. (b) A
UTHORIZED EMERGENCY ACTIONS TO RE-
SPOND TO EMERGENCY SITUATIONS .— (1) A
UTHORIZED EMERGENCY ACTIONS .—After making an emergency situation determina-tion with respect to National Forest System land, the Secretary may carry out emer-gency actions on that National Forest Sys-tem land, including through— (A) the salvage of dead or dying trees; (B) the harvest of trees damaged by wind or ice; (C) the commercial and noncommercial sanitation harvest of trees to control insects or disease; (D) the felling and harvest of trees infested with insects or disease; (E) the construction or reconstruction of existing utility lines; and (F) replacing underground cables. (2) R
ELATION TO LAND AND RESOURCE MAN -
AGEMENT PLANS .—To the maximum extent practicable, an emergency action carried out under paragraph (1) shall be conducted con-sistent with the land and resource manage-ment plan. (c) E
NVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS .— (1) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT OR ENVI -
RONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .—If the Sec-retary determines that an emergency action requires an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement pursuant to section 102(2) of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)), the Secretary shall study, develop, and de-scribe— (A) the proposed agency action; and (B) the alternative of no action. (2) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—The Secretary shall provide notice of each emergency action that the Secretary determines requires an envi-ronmental assessment or environmental im-pact statement under paragraph (1), in ac-cordance with applicable regulations and ad-ministrative guidelines. (3) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—The Secretary shall provide an opportunity for public comment during the preparation of any environmental assessment or environmental impact state-ment under paragraph (1). (4) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sub-section prohibits the Secretary from making an emergency situation determination, in-cluding a determination that an emergency exists pursuant to section 220.4(b) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), that makes it necessary to take an emergency action before preparing an en-vironmental assessment or environmental impact statement under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (d) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW OF EMERGENCY  A
CTIONS .—An emergency action carried out under this section shall not be subject to ob-jection under the predecisional administra-tive review processes established under sec-tion 105 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6515) and section 428 of the Department of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2012 (16 U.S.C. 6515 note; Public Law 112– 74). (e) JUDICIAL REVIEW OF EMERGENCY AC-
TIONS .— (1) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF PROJECTS .—Section 106 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6516) shall apply to an emer-gency action carried out under this section. (2) I
NJUNCTIONS .—A court of competent ju-risdiction may not enjoin an emergency ac-tion based solely on a finding by the court that— (A) an environmental assessment was im-properly prepared in lieu of an environ-mental impact statement for the emergency action; or (B) any other procedural error was made with respect to the environmental analysis or implementation of the emergency action. (f) E
NVIRONMENTAL AND JUDICIAL REVIEW  
OFEMERGENCY SITUATION DETERMINATIONS .— An emergency situation determination under this section shall not be subject to— (1) review under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or (2) judicial review. 
SA 3238. Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. BUY AMERICAN REQUIREMENTS. 
The Secretary shall— (1) fully enforce the Buy American require-ments applicable to domestic food assistance programs administered by the Food and Nu-trition Service; and (2) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, submit to Congress a report on the actions the Secretary has taken to comply with paragraph (1). 
SA 3239. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle F of title VIII, add following: 
SEC. 864l. INSTITUTIONAL MASS TIMBER BUILD-ING COMPETITION. 
Subject to the availability of appropria-tions, not less frequently than once each fis-cal year during the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall carry out a competition for a mass timber building de-sign or other innovative wood product dem-onstration at or relating to institutions of higher education, in accordance with section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Inno-vation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719). 
SA 3240. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 7209(a), strike the closing quotation marks and the following period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘(15) R
ANGELAND SOIL HEALTH RESEARCH .— Research and extension grants may be used to improve the scientific understanding of methods to improve rangeland soil health and to increase the carbon content of range-land soil by developing new technologies and methods for producers to better manage and promote soil health.’’. 
SA 3241. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 2503, add at the end the fol-lowing: (g) A
DMINISTRATION OF CONSERVATION PRO-
GRAMS ON PUBLICLY OWNED LAND.—Section 1244 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844) (as amended by subsection (f)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) A
DMINISTRATION OF CONSERVATION  P
ROGRAMS ON FEDERAL LAND.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL LAND .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘Federal land’ means land owned by the Federal Govern-ment. ‘‘(ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘Federal land’ does not include land held in trust for an In-dian tribe. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICLY OWNED LAND .—The term ‘publicly owned land’ means land owned by the Federal Government, a State, or a unit of local government. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE LAND FOR CONSERVATION PRO -
GRAMS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the following land shall be eligi-ble for enrollment in any conservation pro-gram administered by the Secretary: ‘‘(A) Privately owned land. ‘‘(B) Publicly owned land, if— ‘‘(i) the land is a working component of an agricultural or forestry operation of a pro-ducer under the applicable conservation pro-gram; ‘‘(ii) a producer under the applicable con-servation program has control of the land for the term of the contract under that program; and ‘‘(iii) the conservation practices to be im-plemented on the publicly owned land are necessary and will contribute to an improve-ment in an identified resource concern, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) Tribal land. ‘‘(3) C
ONTRACTS .—The Secretary may enter into a contract with a soil and water con-servation district or another local partner, as determined by the Secretary, to coordi-nate projects under conservation programs administered by the Secretary on publicly owned land, in accordance with paragraph (2)(B). ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
COLLABORATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.035 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4645 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal agency that manages Federal land enrolled in a conserva-tion program administered by the Secretary may contribute matching funds or other in- kind contributions to the conservation project carried out on that land. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF MATCHING FUNDS .—Matching funds provided by a Federal agency under subparagraph (A) may be used by the Sec-retary or a local partner, including a soil and water conservation district, for costs relat-ing to planning or technical assistance.’’. 
SA 3242. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In subtitle C of title V, add at the end the following: 
SEC. 53lll. REFINANCING OF CERTAIN RURAL HOSPITAL DEBT. 
Subtitle D of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act is amended by in-serting after section 374 (7 U.S.C. 2008i) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 375. REFINANCING OF CERTAIN RURAL HOSPITAL DEBT. 
‘‘Assistance under section 306(a) for a com-munity facility or under section 310B may include the refinancing of a debt obligation of a rural hospital as an eligible loan or loan guarantee purpose if the assistance would— ‘‘(1) help preserve access to a health serv-ice in a rural community; and ‘‘(2) meaningfully improve the financial position of the hospital.’’. 
SA 3243. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ORKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 31ll. INCREASED SUPPORT FOR ELIGIBLE ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 202(e)(1) of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1722(e)(1)) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and in-serting ‘‘25 percent’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the amendment made by sub-section (a) is intended to support— (1) monetization replacement activities; and (2) an expansion of market-based food as-sistance modalities, such as food vouchers or local and regional procurement of commod-ities. 
SA 3244. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 7131 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 7131. SPECIAL AUTHORIZATION FOR BIO-SECURITY PLANNING AND RE-SPONSE. 
Section 1484 of the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3351) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and cooperative agreements’’ after ‘‘competitive grants’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and co-operative agreements’’ after ‘‘competitive grants’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) To coordinate the tactical science and educational activities of the Research, Edu-cation, and Economics mission area of the Department of Agriculture that protect the integrity, reliability, sustainability, and profitability of the food and agricultural sys-tem of the United States against biosecurity threats from pests, diseases, contaminants, and disasters.’’. 
SA 3245. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 17ll. STORAGE FACILITY LOANS. 
Section 1614(a) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8789(a)) is amended— (1) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through ‘‘As soon as’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION .—Funds under the storage facility loan program under paragraph (1) may be used to construct or upgrade tem-porary refrigerated beehive storage facili-ties.’’. 
SA 3246. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 637, strike lines 11 and 12 and in-sert the following: (4) in subsection (e)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,000,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SA 3247. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 8634 (relating to prairie dogs) and insert the following: 
SEC. 8634. PRAIRIE DOGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With respect to the grass-lands plan guidance of the Forest Service re-lating to prairie dogs, the Chief of the Forest Service shall base policies of the Forest Service on sound ecological and livestock management principles. (b) G
RAZING ALLOTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), not later than 120 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Chief of the Forest Service shall permit prairie dogs to occupy not more than 2.5 percent of each total graz-ing allotment acreage. (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Paragraph (1) shall apply only to grazing allotments where prai-rie dogs are or have previously been present as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 3248. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and Mr. S ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES RE-PEAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)) is void. (b) E
FFECT .—Until such time as the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army issue a final rule after the date of enactment of this Act defining the scope of waters pro-tected under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and that final rule goes into effect, any regulation or policy revised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, the rule voided by this section shall be applied as if the voided rule had not been issued. 
SA 3249. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES AND NAVIGABLE WATERS. 
(a) W ATERS OF THE UNITED STATES RULE R
EPEAL .—The final rule issued by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army enti-tled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.036 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4646 June 27, 2018 
‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)) is repealed. (b) N
AVIGABLE WATERS DEFINITION .—Sec- tion 502 of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1362) is amended by strik-ing paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) N
AVIGABLE WATERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘navigable waters’ means— ‘‘(i) the territorial seas; ‘‘(ii) interstate waters that are used, or are susceptible to use in the natural and ordi-nary condition of those waters, as a means to transport interstate or foreign commerce; ‘‘(iii) relatively permanent, standing, or continuously flowing bodies of water that form geographical features commonly known as streams, rivers, or lakes, that flow di-rectly into waters described in clause (ii); and ‘‘(iv) wetlands that have a continuous sur-face water connection to waters described in clause (ii) or (iii). ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘navigable waters’ does not include— ‘‘(i) intermittent or ephemeral waters; ‘‘(ii) subsurface waters, including ground-water or underground streams; ‘‘(iii) intrastate waters, unless the waters meet the requirements described in subpara-graph (A); ‘‘(iv) a man-made channel or ditch, includ-ing irrigation, distribution, and drainage systems; ‘‘(v) waters that require the use of means beyond visual inspection by the naked eye, including aerial photographs, satellite imag-ing, or hydrological testing, to determine if the waters meets the requirements described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(vi) prior converted cropland; ‘‘(vii) waste treatment systems, including systems created in or with impounded waters described in subparagraph (A) and all fea-tures and components of any system de-signed to actively or passively retain or re-duce or remove pollutants from wastewater or stormwater, including those features or components that convey the pollutants into and out of the system; or ‘‘(viii) any other waters that do not meet the requirements under subparagraph (A), without regard to whether the water— ‘‘(I) previously met or would have met those requirements; or ‘‘(II) may in the future meet those require-ments. ‘‘(C) A
SSOCIATED DEFINITIONS .—For the pur-poses of this paragraph: ‘‘(i) C
ONTINUOUS SURFACE WATER CONNEC -
TION.—The term ‘continuous surface water connection’ means a connection with respect to which an ordinary person would not be able to visually determine by the naked eye, by looking at the water surface, where 1 body of water ends and the other begins. ‘‘(ii) P
RIOR CONVERTED CROPLAND .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘prior con-verted cropland’ means areas that, prior to December 23, 1985, were drained or otherwise manipulated for the purpose, or having the effect, of making an agricultural product possible, and that are inundated for not more than 14 consecutive days during the growing season. ‘‘(II) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘prior converted cropland’ includes agricultural drainage fea-tures, including ditches and conveyances, that are the means by which the original conversion from wetlands to cropland took place and that are integral to the continued production of agricultural products by pro-viding drainage or irrigation to maintain productive growing conditions. ‘‘(iii) R
ELATIVELY PERMANENT , STANDING , 
OR CONTINUOUSLY FLOWING BODIES OF  
WATER .—The term ‘relatively permanent, standing, or continuously flowing bodies of water’ means waters that stand or have con-tinuous flow for not less than 290 days each year, except in cases of extreme events, such as a drought. ‘‘(iv) WETLANDS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘wetlands’ means areas that are inundated or saturated by surface or groundwater at a frequency and duration sufficient to support, and that under normal circumstances does support, a prevalence of vegetation typically adapted for life in saturated soil conditions. ‘‘(II) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘wetlands’ in-cludes swamps, marshes, bogs, and similar areas.’’. (c) J
URISDICTIONAL DETERMINATION .—Title V of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 519 (33 U.S.C. 1251 note) as section 520; and (2) by inserting after section 518 (33 U.S.C. 1377) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 519. JURISDICTIONAL DETERMINATIONS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
FFECTED PERSON .—The term ‘affected person’ means an applicant for a permit under section 402, landowner, or other af-fected person with an identifiable and sub-stantial legal interest in a property. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(b) B
INDING DETERMINATION .—On written request of an affected person, the Secretary shall provide a binding determination of whether the waters on the property of the af-fected person are navigable waters that meet the requirements described in section 502(7)(A)(iv). ‘‘(c) C
OSTS.—A determination of the Sec-retary under subsection (b) shall be made at the cost of the Secretary. ‘‘(d) T
IMING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make a determination under subsection (b) not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a written re-quest from an affected person. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF NONRESPONSE .—If the Sec-retary does not make a determination by the end of the period described in paragraph (1), the waters on the property of the affected person shall not be considered to be navi-gable waters. ‘‘(e) T
ERM OF DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) F
INDING OF NAVIGABLE WATERS .—If the Secretary determines under subsection (b) that the waters on the property of the af-fected person are navigable waters, the de-termination shall be binding on the Sec-retary and the Administrator for a period to be determined by the Secretary, but in any case not longer than 5 years after the date of the determination. ‘‘(2) F
INDING OF NONNAVIGABLE WATERS .—If the Secretary determines under subsection (b) that the waters on the property of the af-fected person are not navigable waters, the determination shall be binding on the Sec-retary and the Administrator for as long as the affected person has an identifiable and substantial legal interest in the property. ‘‘(f) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An affected person may obtain expedited judicial review of a deter-mination of the Secretary under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—To obtain expedited judicial review under paragraph (1), the affected per-son shall submit a claim under that para-graph not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary makes the deter-mination under subsection (b). ‘‘(3) J
URISDICTION .—A district court of the United States with appropriate venue for the State in which the affected person resides or in which a substantial part of the property of the affected person is located shall have ju-risdiction over an action under this sub-section.’’. SA 3250. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. PROHIBITION ON MANDATORY OR COMPULSORY CHECKOFF PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF CHECKOFF PROGRAM .—In this section, the term ‘‘checkoff program’’ means a program to promote and provide re-search and information for a particular agri-cultural commodity without reference to specific producers or brands, including a pro-gram carried out under any of the following: (1) The Cotton Research and Promotion Act (7 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.). (2) The Potato Research and Promotion Act (7 U.S.C. 2611 et seq.). (3) The Egg Research and Consumer Infor-mation Act (7 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). (4) The Beef Research and Information Act (7 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.). (5) The Wheat and Wheat Foods Research and Nutrition Education Act (7 U.S.C. 3401 et seq.). (6) The Floral Research and Consumer In-formation Act (7 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.). (7) Subtitle B of the Dairy Production Sta-bilization Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.). (8) The Honey Research, Promotion, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.). (9) The Pork Promotion, Research, and Consumer Information Act of 1985 (7 U.S.C. 4801 et seq.). (10) The Watermelon Research and Pro-motion Act (7 U.S.C. 4901 et seq.). (11) The Pecan Promotion and Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6001 et seq.). (12) The Mushroom Promotion, Research, and Consumer Information Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.). (13) The Lime Research, Promotion, and Consumer Information Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.). (14) The Soybean Promotion, Research, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). (15) The Fluid Milk Promotion Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.). (16) The Fresh Cut Flowers and Fresh Cut Greens Promotion and Information Act of 1993 (7 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.). (17) The Sheep Promotion, Research, and Information Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). (18) Section 501 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7401). (19) The Commodity Promotion, Research, and Information Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7411 et seq.). (20) The Canola and Rapeseed Research, Promotion, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 7441 et seq.). (21) The National Kiwifruit Research, Pro-motion, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 7461 et seq.). (22) The Popcorn Promotion, Research, and Consumer Information Act (7 U.S.C. 7481 et seq.). (23) The Hass Avocado Promotion, Re-search, and Information Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.). (b) P
ROHIBITION .—No checkoff program shall be mandatory or compulsory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.046 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4647 June 27, 2018 
(c) V OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Producer participation in a checkoff program shall be voluntary at the point of sale. 
SA 3251. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike subtitle C of title II and insert the following: Subtitle C—Repeal of Environmental Quality Incentives Program 
SEC. 2301. REPEAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY INCENTIVES PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa et seq.) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 1211(a)(3) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3811(a)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (D) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively; and (C) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘any other provision of’’. (2) Section 1221(b)(3) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3821(b)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (D) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively; and (C) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘any other provision of’’. (3) Section 1235(e)(1)(D) of the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3835(e)(1)(D)) (as amended by section 2106(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘or the environmental quality in-centives program’’. (4) Section 1241(i) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(i)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (5), re-spectively. (5) Section 1244 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3844) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘D and the environmental quality incentives pro-gram under chapter 4 of subtitle’’. (6) Section 1271A(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871a(1)) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (B); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively. (7) Section 344(f)(8) of the Agricultural Ad-justment Act of 1938 (7 U.S.C. 1344(f)(8)) is amended in the proviso of the first sentence by striking ‘‘Act, the environmental quality incentives program established under chap-ter 4 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Se-curity Act of 1985,’’ and inserting ‘‘Act’’. (8) Section 377 of the Agricultural Adjust-ment Act of 1938 (7 U.S.C. 1377) is amended in the first proviso by striking ‘‘Act or the en-vironmental quality incentives program es-tablished under chapter 4 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985):’’ and inserting ‘‘Act):’’. (9) The last proviso of the matter under the heading ‘‘
CONSERVATION RESERVE PROGRAM ’’ under the heading ‘‘S
OILBANKPROGRAMS ’’ of title I of the Department of Agriculture and Farm Credit Administration Appropriation Act, 1959 (7 U.S.C. 1831a), is amended by striking ‘‘(1) payments’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or (2)’’. (10) Section 8(b) of the Soil Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act (16 U.S.C. 590h(b)) is amended by striking paragraph (1). (11) Section 1271(c)(3)(C) of the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 2106a(c)(3)(C)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section, the’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section and the’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(16 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or other’’ and inserting ‘‘(16 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.) or any other applicable’’. (12) Section 304 of the Lake Champlain Special Designation Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 1270 note; Public Law 101–596) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a); (B) by redesignating subsections (b) through (d) as subsections (a) through (c), re-spectively; and (C) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘(1) There’’ in paragraph (1) and all that follows through ‘‘(2) There’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘There’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(b) and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) and (b)’’. (13) Section 202 of the Colorado River Basin Salinity Control Act (43 U.S.C. 1592) is amended by striking subsection (c). In section 1271A(1) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3871a(1)), redesignate subparagraphs (E) and (F) (as added by sec-tion 2411(b)(1)(B)) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively. In section 2501(a), strike paragraph (4) and insert the following: (4) by striking paragraph (5). In section 2501, strike subsection (d) and insert the following: (d) ASSISTANCE TO CERTAIN FARMERS OR  R
ANCHERS FOR CONSERVATION ACCESS .—Sec- tion 1241(h) of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘funds’’ and inserting ‘‘acres’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘to carry out the environ-mental quality incentives program and the acres made available for each of such fiscal years’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘5 percent’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. 
SA 3252. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 6206, strike paragraph (4). In section 6206, redesignate paragraphs (5) through (10) as paragraphs (4) through (9), re-spectively. 
SA 3253. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 31ll. CARGO PREFERENCE. 
Section 207 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1726a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) C
ARGO PREFERENCE EXEMPTION .—Sec- tion 55305(b) of title 46, United States Code, shall not apply to agricultural commodities provided under this title.’’. 
SA 3254. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 6206(9), strike subparagraph (A) and insert the following: (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2008 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; and 
SA 3255. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 12608, insert the following: 
SEC. 12609. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF REGU-LATIONS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .— (1) P
UBLICATION AND SUBMISSION TO CON -
GRESS OF DRAFT REGULATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, before a regula-tion prescribed by the Secretary to carry out this Act or any amendment made by this Act may take effect, the Secretary shall— (i) publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which the regulation is based, including data, scientific and eco-nomic studies, and cost-benefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such in-formation online; and (ii) submit to each House of Congress and to the Comptroller General of the United States a report containing— (I) a copy of the regulation; (II) a concise general statement relating to the regulation; (III) a classification of the regulation as a major regulation or nonmajor regulation, in-cluding an explanation of the classification specifically addressing each criteria for a major regulation contained within subpara-graphs (A) through (C) of subsection (e)(1); (IV) a list of any other related regulatory actions intended to implement the same pro-vision of or amendment made by this Act, as well as the individual and aggregate eco-nomic effects of those actions; and (V) the proposed effective date of the regu-lation. (B) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSIONS .—On the date of the submission of the report under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.043 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4648 June 27, 2018 
the Comptroller General and make available to each House of Congress— (i) a complete copy of the cost-benefit analysis of the regulation, if any, including an analysis of any jobs added or lost, dif-ferentiating between public and private sec-tor jobs; (ii) the Secretary’s actions pursuant to sections 202, 203, 204, and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1532, 1533, 1534, 1535); and (iii) any other relevant information or re-quirements under any other Act and any rel-evant Executive orders. (C) C
OPIES TO COMMITTEES AND MEMBERS OF  
CONGRESS .—Upon receipt of a report sub-mitted under subparagraph (A), each House shall provide copies of the report to the chairman and ranking member of each standing committee with jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate to report a bill to amend the pro-vision of law under which the regulation is issued and, upon request, any Member of Congress. (2) R
EPORT BY GAO .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall provide a report on each major regulation to the committees of jurisdiction by the end of 15 calendar days after the submission or publication date. The report of the Comptroller General shall in-clude an assessment of the Secretary’s com-pliance with procedural steps required by paragraph (1)(B) and an assessment of wheth-er the major regulation imposes any new limits or mandates on private-sector activ-ity. (B) C
OOPERATION OF FEDERAL AGENCIES .— The Secretary shall cooperate with the Comptroller General by providing informa-tion relevant to the Comptroller General’s report under subparagraph (A). (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF REGULATIONS .— (A) M
AJOR REGULATIONS .—A major regula-tion relating to a report submitted under subsection (a) shall take effect upon enact-ment of a joint resolution of approval de-scribed in subsection (c) or as provided for in the regulation following enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in sub-section (c), whichever is later. (B) N
ONMAJOR REGULATIONS .—A nonmajor regulation shall take effect as provided by subsection (d) after submission to Congress under paragraph (1). (4) P
ROHIBITION ON SUBSEQUENT CONSIDER -
ATION OF SAME REGULATION .—If a joint reso-lution of approval relating to a major regula-tion is not enacted within the period pro-vided in subsection (b)(2), then a joint resolu-tion of approval relating to the same regula-tion may not be considered under this sec-tion in the same Congress by either the House of Representatives or the Senate. (b) E
FFECTIVENESS OF REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A major regulation shall not take effect unless the Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval described under subsection (c). (2) E
FFECT OF NOT ENACTING JOINT RESOLU -
TION OF APPROVAL .—If a joint resolution of approval described in subsection (c) is not enacted into law by the end of 70 session days or legislative days, as applicable, begin-ning on the date on which the report referred to in subsection (a)(1)(A) is received by Con-gress (excluding days either House of Con-gress is adjourned for more than 3 days dur-ing a session of Congress), then the regula-tion described in that resolution shall be deemed not to be approved and such regula-tion shall not take effect. (3) T
EMPORARY EFFECTIVENESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section (except sub-ject to subparagraph (C)), a major regulation may take effect for one 90-calendar-day pe-riod if the President makes a determination under subparagraph (B) and submits written notice of such determination to Congress. (B) DETERMINATION .—Subparagraph (A) ap-plies to a determination made by the Presi-dent by Executive order that a major regula-tion should take effect because such regula-tion is— (i) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emer-gency; (ii) necessary for the enforcement of crimi-nal laws; (iii) necessary for national security; or (iv) issued pursuant to any statute imple-menting an international trade agreement. (C) E
FFECT ON OTHER PROVISIONS .—An exer- cise by the President of the authority under this paragraph shall have no effect on the procedures under subsection (c). (4) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AROUND AD -
JOURNMENTS OF CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the oppor-tunity for review otherwise provided under this section, in the case of any regulation for which a report was submitted in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(A) during the period beginning on the date occurring— (i) in the case of the Senate, 60 session days, or (ii) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, 60 legislative days, before the date Congress is scheduled to ad-journ a session of Congress through the date on which the same or succeeding Congress first convenes its next session, subsection (c) or (d) shall apply to such rule in the suc-ceeding session of Congress. (B) S
PECIAL RULES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In applying subsections (c) and (d) for purposes of such additional re-view, a regulation described in subparagraph (A) shall be treated as though— (I) such regulation were published in the Federal Register on— (aa) in the case of the Senate, the 15th ses-sion day, or (bb) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, the 15th legislative day, after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes; and (II) a report on such regulation were sub-mitted to Congress under subsection (a)(1) on such date. (ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the requirement under subsection (a)(1) that a report shall be submitted to Congress be-fore a regulation can take effect. (C) E
FFECT IN ACCORDANCE WITH LAW .—A regulation described in subparagraph (A) shall take effect as otherwise provided by law (including any other provision of this section). (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL PROCEDURE  
FORMAJOR REGULATIONS .— (1) J
OINT RESOLUTIONS .— (A) J
OINT RESOLUTION DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘‘joint res-olution’’ means only a joint resolution ad-dressing a report classifying a regulation as a major regulation pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(A)(i)(III) that— (i) bears no preamble; (ii) bears the following title (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘‘Approving the regu-lation submitted by the Department of Agri-culture relating to lll.’’; (iii) includes after its resolving clause only the following (with blanks filled as appro-priate): ‘‘That Congress approves the regula-tion submitted by the Department of Agri-culture relating to lll.’’; and (iv) is introduced pursuant to subpara-graph (B). (B) I
NTRODUCTION .—After a House of Con-gress receives a report classifying a regula-tion as a major regulation pursuant to sub-section (a)(1)(A)(i)(III), the majority leader of that House (or his or her respective des-ignee) shall introduce (by request, if appro-priate) a joint resolution described in sub-paragraph (A)— (i) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, within 3 legislative days, and (ii) in the case of the Senate, within 3 ses-sion days. (C) PROHIBITION ON AMENDMENTS .—A joint resolution described in subparagraph (A) shall not be subject to amendment at any stage of proceeding. (2) R
EFERRAL .—A joint resolution de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be referred in each House of Congress to the committees having jurisdiction over the provision of law under which the regulation is issued. (3) D
ISCHARGE IN SENATE .—In the Senate, if the committee or committees to which a joint resolution described in paragraph (1) has been referred have not reported it at the end of 15 session days after its introduction, such committee or committees shall be auto-matically discharged from further consider-ation of the resolution and it shall be placed on the calendar. A vote on final passage of the resolution shall be taken on or before the close of the 15th session day after the resolu-tion is reported by the committee or com-mittees to which it was referred, or after such committee or committees have been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. (4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN SENATE .— (A) M
OTIONS TO PROCEED .—In the Senate, when the committee or committees to which a joint resolution is referred have reported, or when a committee or committees are dis-charged (under paragraph (3)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amend-ment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. (B) D
EBATE .—In the Senate, debate on the joint resolution, and on all debatable mo-tions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolu-tion. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. (C) V
OTE ON FINAL PASSAGE .—In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. (D) A
PPEALS FROM DECISIONS OF CHAIR .—Ap- peals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolu-tion described in paragraph (1) shall be de-cided without debate. (5) C
ONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REPRESENTA -
TIVES .—In the House of Representatives, if any committee to which a joint resolution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.044 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4649 June 27, 2018 
described in paragraph (1) has been referred has not reported it to the House at the end of 15 legislative days after its introduction, such committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution, and it shall be placed on the appropriate cal-endar. On the second and fourth Thursdays of each month it shall be in order at any time for the Speaker to recognize a Member who favors passage of a joint resolution that has appeared on the calendar for at least 5 legislative days to call up that joint resolu-tion for immediate consideration in the House without intervention of any point of order. When so called up a joint resolution shall be considered as read and shall be de-batable for 1 hour equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, and the previous question shall be considered as ordered to its passage without intervening motion. It shall not be in order to reconsider the vote on passage. If a vote on final pas-sage of the joint resolution has not been taken by the third Thursday on which the Speaker may recognize a Member under this subsection, such vote shall be taken on that day. (6) P
ROCEDURES UPON RECEIPT OF RESOLU -
TION FROM OTHER HOUSE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If, before passing a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), one House receives from the other a joint resolu-tion having the same text, then— (i) the joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee; and (ii) the procedure in the receiving House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House until the vote on passage, when the joint resolu-tion received from the other House shall sup-plant the joint resolution of the receiving House. (B) R
EVENUE MEASURES .—This paragraph shall not apply to the House of Representa-tives if the joint resolution received from the Senate is a revenue measure. (7) F
INAL VOTE .—If either House has not taken a vote on final passage of the joint res-olution by the last day of the period de-scribed in subsection (b)(2), then such vote shall be taken on that day. (8) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This subsection and subsection (d) are enacted by Congress— (A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such are deemed to be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution described in para-graph (1) and superseding other rules only where explicitly so; and (B) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. (d) C
ONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL PROCE -
DURE FOR NONMAJOR REGULATIONS .— (1) J
OINT RESOLUTION DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘‘joint resolu-tion’’ means only a joint resolution intro-duced in the period beginning on the date on which the report referred to in subsection (a)(1)(A) is received by Congress and ending 60 days thereafter (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress disapproves the nonmajor regulation submitted by the De-partment of Agriculture relating to lll, and such regulation shall have no force or ef-fect.’’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). (2) REFERRAL .—A joint resolution de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall be referred to the committees in each House of Congress with jurisdiction. (3) D
ISCHARGE IN SENATE .—In the Senate, if the committee to which is referred a joint resolution described in paragraph (1) has not reported such joint resolution (or an iden-tical joint resolution) at the end of 15 session days after the date of introduction of the joint resolution, such committee may be dis-charged from further consideration of such joint resolution upon a petition supported in writing by 30 Members of the Senate, and such joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. (4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— (A) M
OTIONS TO PROCEED .—In the Senate, when the committee to which a joint resolu-tion is referred has reported, or when a com-mittee is discharged (under paragraph (3)) from further consideration of a joint resolu-tion described in paragraph (1), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a pre-vious motion to the same effect has been dis-agreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint reso-lution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of other business. A motion to recon-sider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished busi-ness of the Senate until disposed of. (B) D
EBATE .—In the Senate, debate on the joint resolution, and on all debatable mo-tions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolu-tion. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to pro-ceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. (C) V
OTE ON FINAL PASSAGE .—In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. (D) A
PPEALS FROM DECISIONS OF THE  
CHAIR .—Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. (5) S
PECIAL RULE IN SENATE .—In the Sen-ate, the procedure specified in paragraph (3) or (4) shall not apply to the consideration of a joint resolution respecting a nonmajor reg-ulation— (A) after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning with the applicable submis-sion or publication date; or (B) if the report under subsection (a)(1)(A) was submitted during the period referred to in subsection (b)(2), after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning on the 15th ses-sion day after the succeeding session of Con-gress first convenes. (6) R
ECEIPT OF RESOLUTION FROM OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House of a joint resolution of that House described in paragraph (1), that House receives from the other House a joint resolution described in paragraph (1), then the following proce-dures shall apply: (A) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. (B) With respect to a joint resolution de-scribed in paragraph (1) of the House receiv-ing the joint resolution— (i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been re-ceived from the other House; but (ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AJOR REGULATION .—The term ‘‘major regulation’’ means any regulation, including an interim final rule, that the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— (A) an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more; (B) a major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geo-graphic regions; or (C) significant adverse effects on competi-tion, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or the ability of United States- based enterprises to compete with foreign- based enterprises in domestic and export markets. (2) N
ONMAJOR REGULATION .—The term ‘‘nonmajor regulation’’ means any regula-tion that is not a major regulation. (3) R
EGULATION .—The term ‘‘regulation’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘rule’’ in section 551 of title 5, United States Code, ex-cept that such term does not include— (A) any rule of particular applicability, in-cluding a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or allowances therefore, corporate or financial structures, reorganizations, mergers, or ac-quisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the foregoing; (B) any rule relating to agency manage-ment or personnel; or (C) any rule of agency organization, proce-dure, or practice that does not substantially affect the rights or obligations of non-agency parties. (4) S
UBMISSION OF PUBLICATION DATE .—The term ‘‘submission or publication date’’, ex-cept as otherwise provided in this section, means— (A) in the case of a major regulation, the date on which Congress receives the report submitted under subsection (a)(1); and (B) in the case of a nonmajor regulation, the later of— (i) the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under subsection (a)(1); and (ii) the date on which the nonmajor regula-tion is published in the Federal Register, if so published. (f) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No determination, find-ing, action, or omission under this section shall be subject to judicial review. (2) D
ETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH RE -
QUIREMENTS .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), a court may determine whether the Sec-retary has completed the necessary require-ments under this section for a regulation de-scribed in subsection (a)(1)(A) to take effect. (3) E
FFECT .—The enactment of a joint reso-lution of approval under subsection (c) shall not be interpreted to serve as a grant or modification of statutory authority by Con-gress for the promulgation of a regulation, shall not extinguish or affect any claim, whether substantive or procedural, against any alleged defect in a regulation, and shall not form part of the record before the court in any judicial proceeding concerning a regu-lation except for purposes of determining whether or not the regulation is in effect. (g) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF REGULATIONS .— Section 257(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.044 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4650 June 27, 2018 
U.S.C. 907(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF CERTAIN REGU -
LATIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRI -
CULTURE .—Any regulation subject to the congressional approval procedure under sec-tion 12609 of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 affecting budget authority, out-lays, or receipts shall be assumed to be effec-tive unless it is not approved in accordance with such section’’. 
SA 3256. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: Subtitle D—Congressional Review of Unilateral Trade Actions 
SEC. 3301. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF UNILAT-ERAL TRADE ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title I of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2191 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 155. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF UNILAT-ERAL TRADE ACTIONS. 
‘‘(a) U NILATERAL TRADE ACTION DEFINED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘unilateral trade action’ means any of the following actions taken with respect to the importation of an article pursuant to a pro-vision of law specified in paragraph (2): ‘‘(A) A prohibition on importation of the article. ‘‘(B) The imposition of or an increase in a duty applicable to the article. ‘‘(C) The imposition or tightening of a tar-iff-rate quota applicable to the article. ‘‘(D) The imposition or tightening of a quantitative restriction on the importation of the article. ‘‘(E) The suspension, withdrawal, or pre-vention of the application of trade agree-ment concessions with respect to the article. ‘‘(F) Any other restriction on importation of the article. ‘‘(2) P
ROVISIONS OF LAW SPECIFIED .—The provisions of law specified in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) Section 122. ‘‘(B) Title III. ‘‘(C) Sections 406, 421, and 422. ‘‘(D) Section 338 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1338). ‘‘(E) Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862). ‘‘(F) Section 103(a) of the Bipartisan Con-gressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4202(a)). ‘‘(G) The Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.). ‘‘(H) The International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). ‘‘(I) Any provision of law enacted to imple-ment a trade agreement to which the United States is a party. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS  
TO HARMONIZED TARIFF SCHEDULE .—A tech- nical correction to the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States shall not be considered a unilateral trade action for pur-poses of this section. ‘‘(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL REQUIRED .— Except as provided by subsection (d), a uni-lateral trade action may not take effect un-less— ‘‘(1) the President submits to Congress and to the Comptroller General of the United States a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a description of the proposed unilat-eral trade action; ‘‘(B) the proposed effective period for the action; ‘‘(C) an analysis of the action, including whether the action is in the national eco-nomic interest of the United States; ‘‘(D) an assessment of the potential effect of retaliation from trading partners affected by the action; and ‘‘(E) a list of articles that will be affected by the action by subheading number of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States; and ‘‘(2) a joint resolution of approval is en-acted pursuant to subsection (e). ‘‘(c) REPORT OF COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— Not later than 15 days after the submission of the report required by subsection (b)(1) with respect to a proposed unilateral trade action, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the proposed action that includes an assessment of the compli-ance of the President with the provision of law specified in subsection (a)(2) pursuant to which the action would be taken. ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing any other provision of this section, a unilateral trade action may take effect for one 90-calendar-day period (without renewal) if the President— ‘‘(1) determines that is necessary for the unilateral trade action to take effect be-cause the action is— ‘‘(A) necessary because of a national emer-gency; ‘‘(B) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety; ‘‘(C) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws; or ‘‘(D) necessary for national security; and ‘‘(2) submits written notice of the deter-mination to Congress. ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURES FOR JOINT RESOLUTION .— ‘‘(1) J
OINT RESOLUTION DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘joint reso-lution’ means only a joint resolution of ei-ther House of Congress, the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘That Congress approves the action proposed by the President under section 155(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 in the report submitted to Congress under that section on lllllll.’, with the blank space being filled with the appropriate date. ‘‘(2) I
NTRODUCTION .—After a House of Con-gress receives a report under subsection (b)(1) with respect to a unilateral trade ac-tion, the majority leader of that House (or his or her respective designee) shall intro-duce (by request, if appropriate) a joint reso-lution— ‘‘(A) in the case of the House of Represent-atives, within 3 legislative days; and ‘‘(B) in the case of the Senate, within 3 ses-sion days. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION OF SECTION 152 .—The pro- visions of subsections (b) through (f) of sec-tion 152 shall apply to a joint resolution under this subsection to the same extent those provisions apply to a resolution under section 152. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT BY THE UNITED STATES INTER -
NATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION .—Not later than 12 months after the date of a unilateral trade action taken pursuant to this section, the United States International Trade Com-mission shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives a report on the effects of the action on the United States economy, including a com-prehensive assessment of the economic ef-fects of the action on producers and con-sumers in the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 154 the following: ‘‘Sec. 155. Congressional review of unilateral trade actions.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) B
ALANCE -OF-PAYMENTS AUTHORITY .— Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2132) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the flush text fol-lowing paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘Congress)’’; (B) in subsection (c), in the flush text fol-lowing paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘Congress)’’; and (C) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘and subject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘of this section’’. (2) R
ULES OF HOUSE AND SENATE .—Section 151(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2191(a)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and 153’’ and inserting ‘‘, 153, and 155’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and 153(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘, 153(a), and 155(e)’’. (3) E
NFORCEMENT OF RIGHTS UNDER TRADE  
AGREEMENTS .—Title III of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2411 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 301— (i) in subsection (a), in the flush text, by inserting ‘‘to approval under section 155 and’’ after ‘‘subsection (c), subject’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘to approval under section 155 and’’ after ‘‘sub-section (c), subject’’; (B) in section 305(a)(1), by inserting ‘‘to ap-proval under section 155 and’’ after ‘‘section 301, subject’’; and (C) in section 307(a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘to ap-proval under section 155 and’’ after ‘‘any ac-tion, subject’’. (4) M
ARKET DISRUPTION .—Section 406 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2436) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘With re-spect to’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to approval under section 155, with respect to’’; and (B) in subsection (c), in the second sen-tence, by striking ‘‘If the President’’ and in-serting ‘‘Subject to approval under section 155, if the President’’. (5) A
CTION TO ADDRESS MARKET DISRUP -
TION.—Section 421 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2451) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and subject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘of this section’’; (B) in subsection (i)(4)(A), by inserting ‘‘, subject to approval under section 155,’’ after ‘‘provisional relief and’’; (C) in subsection (k)(1), by striking ‘‘With-in 15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to section 155, within 15 days’’; (D) by striking subsection (m) and by re-designating subsections (n) and (o) as sub-sections (m) and (n), respectively; (E) in subsection (m), as redesignated by subparagraph (D)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155’’ after ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (F) in paragraph (3) of subsection (n), as re-designated by subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘subsection (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘this sec-tion’’. (6) A
CTION IN RESPONSE TO TRADE DIVER -
SION.—Section 422(h) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2451a(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘Within 20 days’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to approval under section 155, within 20 days’’. (7) D
ISCRIMINATION BY FOREIGN COUN -
TRIES .—Section 338 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1338) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.044 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4651 June 27, 2018 
(A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’ after ‘‘by proclamation’’; (B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974 and’’ after ‘‘hereby authorized,’’; (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Any proclamation’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974, any proclamation’’; (D) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974 and’’ after ‘‘he shall,’’; and (E) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974 and’’ after ‘‘he shall,’’. (8) S
AFEGUARDING NATIONAL SECURITY .— Section 232(c)(1)(B) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862(c)(1)(B)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’ after ‘‘shall’’. (9) B
IPARTISAN CONGRESSIONAL TRADE PRI -
ORITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 .— Section 103(a) of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4202(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘and approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; and (B) in paragraph (7), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘3524)’’. (10) I
NTERNATIONAL EMERGENCY ECONOMIC  
POWERS ACT .—Section 203(a)(1)(B) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(a)(1)(B)) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(subject to section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974)’’ after ‘‘importation’’. (11) T
RADING WITH THE ENEMY ACT .—Section 11 of the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 4311) is amended by striking ‘‘When-ever’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974, whenever’’. (12) F
REE TRADE AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTING  
BILLS .— (A) N
ORTH AMERICAN FREE TRADE AGREE -
MENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the North American Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3331) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and the consultation and layover requirements of section 103(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘, the consulta-tion and layover requirements of section 103(a), and approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’. (B) U
RUGUAY ROUND AGREEMENTS ACT .— Section 111 of the Uruguay Round Agree-ments Act (19 U.S.C. 3521) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘2902)’’; (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 115’’; (iii) in subsection (c)(1)(A), in the flush text at the end, by striking ‘‘may’’ and in-serting ‘‘may, subject to approval under sec-tion 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (iv) in subsection (e)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 115’’. (C) U
NITED STATES -ISRAEL FREE TRADE AREA  
IMPLEMENTATION ACT OF 1985 .—Section 4 of the United States-Israel Free Trade Area Imple-mentation Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–47; 19 U.S.C. 2112 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and sub-ject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘subsection (c)’’. (D) UNITED STATES -JORDAN FREE TRADE  
AREA IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 101 of the United States-Jordan Free Trade Area Implementation Act (Public Law 107–43; 19 U.S.C. 2112 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’. (E) D
OMINICAN REPUBLIC -CENTRAL AMERICA - 
UNITED STATES FREE TRADE AGREEMENT IM -
PLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the Do-minican Republic-Central America-United States Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (19 U.S.C. 4031) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (F) U
NITED STATES -CHILE FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Chile Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 108–77; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 103(a)’’. (G) U
NITED STATES -SINGAPORE FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Pub-lic Law 108–78; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amend-ed— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 103(a)’’. (H) U
NITED STATES -AUSTRALIA FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Pub-lic Law 108–286; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amend-ed— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (I) U
NITED STATES -MOROCCO FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Morocco Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 108–302; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (J) UNITED STATES -BAHRAIN FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Bahrain Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 109–169; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (K) U
NITED STATES -OMAN FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 109–283; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (L) U
NITED STATES -PERU TRADE PROMOTION  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Peru Trade Pro-motion Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 110–138; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (M) U
NITED STATES -KOREA FREE TRADE  
AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .—Section 201 of the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (N) U
NITED STATES -COLOMBIA TRADE PRO -
MOTION AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .— Section 201 of the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–42; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. (O) U
NITED STATES -PANAMA TRADE PRO -
MOTION AGREEMENT IMPLEMENTATION ACT .— Section 201 of the United States-Panama Trade Promotion Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–43; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘may, subject to approval 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.045 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4652 June 27, 2018 
under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ap-proval under section 155 of the Trade Act of 1974’’ after ‘‘section 104’’. 
SA 3257. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12609. PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE. 
(a) M ANDATORY PURCHASE REQUIREMENT .— (1) A
MOUNT AND TERM OF COVERAGE .—Sec- tion 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Sec. 102. (a)’’ and all that follows through the end of subsection (a) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘S
EC. 102. (a) A MOUNT AND TERM OF COV-
ERAGE .—After the expiration of sixty days following the date of enactment of this Act, no Federal officer or agency shall approve any financial assistance for acquisition or construction purposes for use in any area that has been identified by the Adminis-trator as an area having special flood haz-ards and in which the sale of flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), unless the building or mobile home and any personal property to which such finan-cial assistance relates is covered by flood in-surance: Provided, That the amount of flood insurance (1) in the case of Federal flood in-surance, is at least equal to the development or project cost of the building, mobile home, or personal property (less estimated land cost), the outstanding principal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made available with respect to the particular type of prop-erty, whichever is less; or (2) in the case of private flood insurance, is at least equal to the development or project cost of the build-ing, mobile home, or personal property (less estimated land cost), the outstanding prin-cipal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made available with respect to the par-ticular type of property, whichever is less: Provided further, That if the financial assist-ance provided is in the form of a loan or an insurance or guaranty of a loan, the amount of flood insurance required need not exceed the outstanding principal balance of the loan and need not be required beyond the term of the loan. The requirement of maintaining flood insurance shall apply during the life of the property, regardless of transfer of owner-ship of such property.’’. (2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR MORTGAGE LOANS .— Subsection (b) of section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)) is amended— (A) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through the end of para-graph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR MORTGAGE LOANS .— ‘‘(1) R
EGULATED LENDING INSTITUTIONS .— Each Federal entity for lending regulation (after consultation and coordination with the Financial Institutions Examination Council established under the Federal Finan-cial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.)) shall by regula-tion direct regulated lending institutions not to make, increase, extend, or renew any loan secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made avail-able under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), unless the building or mobile home and any personal property securing such loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance: Pro- vided, That the amount of flood insurance (A) in the case of Federal flood insurance, is at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made avail-able with respect to the particular type of property, whichever is less; or (B) in the case of private flood insurance, is at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made available with re-spect to the particular type of property, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) FEDERAL AGENCY LENDERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Federal agency lender may not make, increase, extend, or renew any loan secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Adminis-trator as an area having special flood haz-ards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), unless the building or mobile home and any personal property securing such loan is cov-ered for the term of the loan by flood insur-ance in accordance with paragraph (1). Each Federal agency lender may issue any regula-tions necessary to carry out this paragraph. Such regulations shall be consistent with and substantially identical to the regula-tions issued under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT TO ACCEPT FLOOD INSUR -
ANCE .—Each Federal agency lender shall ac-cept flood insurance as satisfaction of the flood insurance coverage requirement under subparagraph (A) if the flood insurance cov-erage meets the requirements for coverage under that subparagraph. ‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT -SPONSORED ENTERPRISES  
FOR HOUSING .—The Federal National Mort-gage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation shall implement pro-cedures reasonably designed to ensure that, for any loan that is— ‘‘(A) secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located in an area that has been identified, at the time of the origina-tion of the loan or at any time during the term of the loan, by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance is available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), and ‘‘(B) purchased or guaranteed by such enti-ty, the building or mobile home and any per-sonal property securing the loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in the amount provided in paragraph (1). The Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-tion shall accept flood insurance as satisfac-tion of the flood insurance coverage require-ment under paragraph (1) if the flood insur-ance coverage provided meets the require-ments for coverage under that paragraph and any requirements established by the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Fed-eral Home Loan Corporation, respectively, relating to the financial strength of private insurance companies from which the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Fed-eral Home Loan Mortgage Corporation will accept private flood insurance, provided that such requirements shall not affect or conflict with any State law, regulation, or procedure concerning the regulation of the business of insurance. ‘‘(4) APPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) E
XISTING COVERAGE .—Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (B), paragraph (1) shall apply on the date of enactment of the Riegle Community Development and Regu-latory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.). ‘‘(B) N
EW COVERAGE .—Paragraphs (2) and (3) shall apply only with respect to any loan made, increased, extended, or renewed after the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Riegle Com-munity Development and Regulatory Im-provement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.). Paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any loan made, increased, extended, or renewed by any lender supervised by the Farm Credit Administration only after the expiration of the period under this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED EFFECT OF REGULATIONS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the regulations to carry out paragraph (1), as in effect immediately be-fore the date of enactment of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.), shall continue to apply until the regu-lations issued to carry out paragraph (1) as amended by section 522(a) of such Act take effect. ‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as otherwise specified, any reference to flood insurance in this section shall be considered to include Federal flood insurance and pri-vate flood insurance. Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed to supersede or limit the authority of a Federal entity for lending regulation, the Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency, a Federal agency lender, the Federal National Mortgage Association, or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-tion to establish requirements relating to the financial strength of private insurance companies from which the entity or agency will accept private flood insurance, provided that such requirements shall not affect or conflict with any State law, regulation, or procedure concerning the regulation of the business of insurance.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) F
LOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘flood insurance’ means— ‘‘(i) Federal flood insurance; and ‘‘(ii) private flood insurance. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL FLOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘Federal flood insurance’ means an insurance policy made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). ‘‘(C) P
RIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘private flood insurance’ means an insurance policy that— ‘‘(i) is issued by an insurance company that is— ‘‘(I) licensed, admitted, or otherwise ap-proved to engage in the business of insurance in the State in which the insured building is located, by the insurance regulator of that State; or ‘‘(II) eligible as a nonadmitted insurer to provide insurance in the home State of the insured, in accordance with sections 521 through 527 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 8201 through 8206); ‘‘(ii) is issued by an insurance company that is not otherwise disapproved as a sur-plus lines insurer by the insurance regulator of the State in which the property to be in-sured is located; and ‘‘(iii) provides flood insurance coverage that complies with the laws and regulations of that State. ‘‘(D) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.045 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4653 June 27, 2018 
Rico, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, and American Samoa.’’. (b) E
FFECT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE  C
OVERAGE ON CONTINUOUS COVERAGE RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) E
FFECT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE  C
OVERAGE ON CONTINUOUS COVERAGE RE-
QUIREMENTS .—For purposes of applying any statutory, regulatory, or administrative con-tinuous coverage requirement, including under section 1307(g)(1), the Administrator shall consider any period during which a property was continuously covered by pri-vate flood insurance (as defined in section 102(b)(7) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)(7))) to be a period of continuous coverage.’’. 
SA 3258. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 24ll. PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF THE LAND AND WATER CONSERVA-TION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 200302 of title 54, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘During the period ending September 30, 2018, there’’ and inserting ‘‘There’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘through September 30, 2018’’. (b) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—An amount equal to the greater of not less than 1.5 percent of amounts made available for expenditure in any fiscal year under section 200303 and $10,000,000 shall be used for projects that se-cure recreational public access to existing Federal public land for hunting, fishing, and other recreational purposes.’’. 
SA 3259. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 2303(4)(A), strike clause (iii) and insert the following: (iii) by striking ‘‘production.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘production, including grazing manage-ment practices, non-lethal predator deter-rence, and agricultural management prac-tices that reduce wildlife conflict.’’; 
SA 3260. Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. B OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: Strike section 6206(3)(D) and insert the fol-lowing: (D) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘loan or’’ and inserting ‘‘grant, loan, or’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and inserting ‘‘provide, or contract for the provision of,’’; 
SA 3261. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 257, line 2, insert after the period the following: ‘‘Funds may not be used as de-scribed in the previous sentence until the date that is 30 days after the date on which Cuba holds free and fair elections for a new government— ‘‘(1) with the participation of multiple independent political parties that have full access to the media; ‘‘(2) that are conducted under the super-vision of internationally recognized observ-ers, such as the Organization of American States, the United Nations, and other elec-tion monitors; and ‘‘(3) that are certified by the Secretary of State.’’. 
SA 3262. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 257, line 2, insert after the period the following: ‘‘Funds may not be used as de-scribed in the previous sentence in con-travention of the National Security Presi-dential Memorandum entitled ‘Strength-ening the Policy of the United States To-ward Cuba’ issued by the President on June 16, 2017, and regulations implementing that memorandum, prohibiting transactions with entities owned, controlled, or operated by or on behalf of military intelligence or security services of Cuba.’’. 
SA 3263. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 43ll. NATIONAL NUTRITIONAL AND DIE-TARY INFORMATION AND GUIDE-LINES FOR CERTAIN WOMEN AND CHILDREN. 
Section 301(a)(3) of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341(a)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking the paragraph designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Not later’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) C
ERTAIN WOMEN AND CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later’’; (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so designated), by inserting ‘‘, women who may become pregnant, breastfeeding mothers,’’ after ‘‘pregnant women’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) TREATMENT .—The most recent guide-lines published under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) supersede any previous Federal nutri-tion guidance relating to the population de-scribed in that subparagraph; and ‘‘(ii) be promoted by each applicable Fed-eral department or agency in carrying out any food, nutrition, or health program.’’. 
SA 3264. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. J ONES , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mrs. F ISCHER , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. T OOMEY , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. R EED) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 3401. STUDY OF NEWSPRINT INDUSTRY WELL-BEING. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Commerce shall conduct a study of the economic well- being, health, and vitality of the newsprint industry and the local newspaper publishing industry in the United States, which shall include an assessment of the following: (1) The trends in demand for newsprint and traditional printed newspapers. (2) The trends in demand for digital or on-line consumption of news. (3) The costs of inputs in the production of traditional printed newspapers, including the use of newsprint. (4) The effect of declining readership of traditional printed newspapers on the con-tinued viability of the newsprint and news-paper publishing industries and the contin-ued availability of coverage of local news, local sports, local government, and local dis-aster prevention and awareness. (5) The trends in the pulp and paper indus-try of the United States and the effect of de-clining demand for newsprint on the health of the pulp and paper industry. (6) Measures undertaken by printers and newspaper publishers to reduce costs in re-sponse to increased costs for newsprint in the United States, and whether such meas-ures have harmed local news coverage or re-duced employment in the newspaper and publishing industries. (7) Whether measures undertaken by pub-lishers and printers to reduce costs have harmed local businesses that advertise in local newspapers. (8) The global production capacity for newsprint in light of the declining demand for newsprint. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the President and Congress a report on— (1) the findings of the study required by subsection (a); and (2) any recommendations that the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (c) S
TAY OF DETERMINATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any provision of title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.), the Secretary of Commerce and the United States International Trade Commis-sion may not give effect to an affirmative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.047 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4654 June 27, 2018 
determination in an antidumping or counter-vailing duty investigation relating to im-ports of uncoated groundwood paper con-ducted under that title until the President certifies to the Secretary and the Chairman of the Commission that the President— (A) has received the report required by sub-section (b); and (B) has concluded that giving effect to the determination is in the economic interest of the United States. (2) R
ATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Until such time as the President issues the certification described in paragraph (1), the administering authority (as defined in section 771(1) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(1))) shall order a rate of zero for deposits posted pursuant to sections 703(d), 705(c)(1), 733(d), and 735(c)(1) of that Act (19 U.S.C. 1671b(d), 1671d(c)(1), 1673b(d), and 1673d(c)(1)) in an investigation described in paragraph (1). (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This paragraph shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act without regard to any later effec-tive date of an order required by subpara-graph (A). (3) C
ANADA AND MEXICO .—Pursuant to arti-cle 1902 of the North American Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North America Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), this subsection ap-plies to goods from Canada and Mexico. (4) A
PPLICATION .—This subsection applies only to an antidumping or countervailing duty investigation that is ongoing as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3265. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 5409(b)(2)(A)(i)(III), strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. In section 5409(b)(2)(A)(i)(IV), strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. In section 5409(b)(2)(A)(i), insert at the end the following: (V) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; (VI) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; (VII) the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives; and (VIII) the Committee on the Budget of the Senate; and 
SA 3266. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 9110 (relating to the Bio-mass Crop Assistance Program) and insert the following: 
SEC. 9110. BIOMASS CROP ASSISTANCE PROGRAM REPEAL. 
Section 9011 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8111) is repealed. In section 9111, strike ‘‘9011 (7 U.S.C. 8111)’’ and insert ‘‘9010 (7 U.S.C. 8110)’’. 
SA 3267. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: In section 5409(b)(2)(A)(i)(III), strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. In section 5409(b)(2)(A)(i)(IV), strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. In section 5409(b)(2)(A)(i), insert at the end the following: (V) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; (VI) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; (VII) the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives; and (VIII) the Committee on the Budget of the Senate; and 
SA 3268. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 9110 (relating to the Bio-mass Crop Assistance Program) and insert the following: 
SEC. 9110. BIOMASS CROP ASSISTANCE PROGRAM REPEAL. 
Section 9011 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8111) is repealed. In section 9111, strike ‘‘9011 (7 U.S.C. 8111)’’ and insert ‘‘9010 (7 U.S.C. 8110)’’. 
SA 3269. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. STATE MEMORANDA OF UNDER-STANDING REGARDING INTERSTATE SHIPMENT OF STATE-INSPECTED POULTRY AND MEAT ITEMS. 
(a) M EAT ITEMS .—Section 501 of the Fed-eral Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 683) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘that is located in a State that has enacted a manda-tory State meat product inspection law that imposes ante mortem and post mortem in-spection, reinspection, and sanitation re-quirements that are at least equal to those under this Act’’ before the period at the end; and (B) by striking paragraph (5); (2) by striking subsections (b) through (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) S
TATE MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING  R
EGARDING INTERSTATE SHIPMENT OF STATE - 
INSPECTED MEATITEMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), a State may enter into a memo-randum of understanding with another State under which meat items from an eligible es-tablishment in 1 State are sold in interstate commerce in the other State, in accordance with the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be eligible to enter into a memorandum of understanding under paragraph (1), a State, acting through the appropriate State agency, shall receive a certification from the Secretary that— ‘‘(A) the ante mortem and post mortem in-spection, reinspection, and sanitation re-quirements of the State are at least equal to those under this Act; and ‘‘(B) the State employs designated per-sonnel to inspect meat items to be shipped by eligible establishments in interstate com-merce.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (c); (4) by striking subsections (g), (h), and (j); and (5) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (d). (b) POULTRY ITEMS .—Section 31 of the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 472) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (5); (2) by striking subsections (b) through (g) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) S
TATE MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING  R
EGARDING INTERSTATE SHIPMENT OF STATE - 
INSPECTED POULTRY ITEMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), a State may enter into a memo-randum of understanding with another State under which poultry items from an eligible establishment in 1 State are sold in inter-state commerce in the other State, in ac-cordance with the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be eligible to enter into a memorandum of understanding under paragraph (1), a State, acting through the appropriate State agency, shall receive a certification from the Secretary that— ‘‘(A) the ante mortem and post mortem in-spection, reinspection, and sanitation re-quirements of the State are at least equal to those under this Act; and ‘‘(B) the State employs designated per-sonnel to inspect poultry items to be shipped by eligible establishments in interstate com-merce.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (c); and (4) by striking subsection (i). 
SA 3270. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 609, line 25, strike ‘‘services.’’ and insert ‘‘services, including applicants seek-ing to implement technology-enabled col-laborative learning and capacity building models, as defined in section 2 of the Expand-ing Capacity for Health Outcomes Act (Pub-lic Law 114–270; 130 Stat. 1395).’’. 
SA 3271. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.048 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4655 June 27, 2018 
Subtitle G—National FFA Organization’s Federal Charter Amendments Act 
SEC. 12701. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Na-tional FFA Organization’s Federal Charter Amendments Act’’. 
SEC. 12702. ORGANIZATION. 
Section 70901 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’. 
SEC. 12703. PURPOSES OF THE CORPORATION. 
Section 70902 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; (3) by striking paragraphs (3), (4), (6), and (7); (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (11); (5) by redesignating paragraphs (8) and (9) as paragraphs (12) and (13), respectively; (6) by inserting before paragraph (7), as re-designated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(1) to be an integral component of in-struction in agricultural education, includ-ing instruction relating to agriculture, food, and natural resources; ‘‘(2) to advance comprehensive agricultural education in the United States, including in public schools, by supporting contextual classroom and laboratory instruction and work-based experiential learning; ‘‘(3) to prepare students for successful entry into productive careers in fields relat-ing to agriculture, food, and natural re-sources, including by connecting students to relevant postsecondary educational path-ways and focusing on the complete delivery of classroom and laboratory instruction, work-based experiential learning, and leader-ship development; ‘‘(4) to be a resource and support organiza-tion that does not select, control, or super-vise State association, local chapter, or indi-vidual member activities; ‘‘(5) to develop educational materials, pro-grams, services, and events as a service to State and local agricultural education agen-cies; ‘‘(6) to seek and promote inclusion and di-versity in its membership, leadership, and staff to reflect the belief of the FFA in the value of all human beings;’’; (7) in paragraph (7), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘composed of students and former students of vocational agriculture in public schools qualifying for Federal reim-bursement under the Smith-Hughes Voca-tional Education Act (20 U.S.C. 11–15, 16–28’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘as such chapters and as-sociations carry out agricultural education programs that are approved by States, terri-tories, or possessions’’ after ‘‘United States’’; (8) in paragraph (8), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘to develop’’ and inserting ‘‘to build’’; (B) by striking ‘‘train for useful citizen-ship, and foster patriotism, and thereby’’ and inserting ‘‘and’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘aggressive rural and’’ and inserting ‘‘assertive’’; (9) by inserting after paragraph (8), as re-designated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(9) to increase awareness of the global and technological importance of agriculture, food, and natural resources, and the way ag-riculture contributes to our well-being; ‘‘(10) to promote the intelligent choice and establishment of a career in fields relating to agriculture, food, and natural resources;’’; (10) in paragraph (11), as redesignated by paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘to procure for and dis-tribute to State’’ and inserting ‘‘to make available to State’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘, programs, services,’’ be-fore ‘‘and equipment’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; (11) in paragraph (12), as redesignated by paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘State boards for vocational’’ and inserting ‘‘State boards and officials for career and technical’’; and (12) in paragraph (13), as redesignated by paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’. 
SEC. 12704. MEMBERSHIP. 
Section 70903 of title 36, United States Code is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘FFA’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘as provided in the bylaws’’ and inserting ‘‘as provided in the constitu-tion or bylaws of the FFA’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) V
OTING .—Except as provided in this chapter, the voting rights of members and the election process are as provided in the constitution or bylaws of the FFA.’’. 
SEC. 12705. GOVERNING BODY. 
Section 70904 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’ each place the term appears; (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) The board— ‘‘(A) shall consist of— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Education, or the Sec-retary of Education’s designee who has expe-rience in agricultural education, the FFA, or career and technical education; and ‘‘(ii) other individuals— ‘‘(I) representing the fields of education, agriculture, food, and natural resources; or ‘‘(II) with experience working closely with the FFA; and ‘‘(B) shall not include any individual who is a current employee of the National FFA Organization. ‘‘(3) The number of directors, terms of of-fice of the directors, and the method of se-lecting the directors, are as provided in the constitution or bylaws of the FFA.’’; and (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘by-laws’’ and inserting ‘‘constitution or bylaws of the FFA’’; and (ii) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘chairman’’ and inserting ‘‘chair’’; (2) by striking subsection (b); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) O
FFICERS .—The officers of the FFA, the terms of officers, and the election of offi-cers, are as provided in the constitution or bylaws of the FFA, except that such officers shall include— ‘‘(1) a national advisor; ‘‘(2) an executive secretary; and ‘‘(3) a treasurer. ‘‘(c) G
OVERNING COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) The board shall designate a governing committee. The terms and method of select-ing the governing committee members are as provided in the constitution or bylaws of the FFA, except that all members of the gov-erning committee shall be members of the board of directors and at all times the gov-erning committee shall be comprised of not less than 3 individuals. ‘‘(2) When the board is not in session, the governing committee has the powers of the board subject to the board’s direction and may authorize the seal of the FFA to be af-fixed to all papers that require it. ‘‘(3) The board shall designate to such com-mittee— ‘‘(A) the chair of the board; ‘‘(B) the executive secretary; and ‘‘(C) the treasurer.’’. SEC. 12706. NATIONAL STUDENT OFFICERS. 
Section 70905 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking subsections (a) through (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
OMPOSITION .—There shall be— ‘‘(1) not less than 6 national student offi-cers of the FFA, which shall include not less than 4 national student officers of the cor-poration, including a student president; ‘‘(2) 4 student vice presidents (each rep-resenting regions as provided in the con-stitution or bylaws of the corporation); and ‘‘(3) a student secretary. ‘‘(b) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(1) The 6 national student officers of the FFA, shall be elected annually by a majority vote of official delegates assembled at the annual convention. Elections for not less than 4 national student officer vice presi-dents shall be based upon regional represen-tation as further detailed in the constitution or bylaws of the FFA. ‘‘(2) The voting rights of delegates and the process of electing the national student offi-cers shall be as provided in the constitution or bylaws of the FFA.’’. 
SEC. 12707. POWERS. 
Section 70906 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘cor-porate’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; (4) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; (5) by amending paragraph (8) to read as follows: ‘‘(8) use FFA funds to give prizes, awards, loans, and grants to deserving members, chapters, and associations to carry out the purposes of the FFA;’’; (6) by amending paragraph (9) to read as follows: ‘‘(9) produce publications, websites, and other media;’’; (7) in paragraph (10)— (A) by striking ‘‘procure for and distribute to State’’ and inserting ‘‘make available to State’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Future Farmers of Amer-ica’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; and (8) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’. 
SEC. 12708. NAME, SEALS, EMBLEMS, AND BADGES. 
Section 70907 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’ each place the term appears; (2) by striking ‘‘name’’ and inserting ‘‘names’’; (3) by striking ‘‘‘Future Farmers of Amer-ica’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘Future Farmers of America’ and ‘National FFA Organiza-tion,’’’; and (4) by inserting ‘‘education’’ before ‘‘mem-bership’’. 
SEC. 12709. RESTRICTIONS. 
Section 70908 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion or a director, officer, or member as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.051 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4656 June 27, 2018 
such’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA or a director, offi-cer, or member acting on behalf of the FFA’’; (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’ each place the term appears; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘cor-poration’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Directors who vote for or assent to making a loan to a director, offi-cer, or employee, and officers who partici-pate in making the loan, are jointly and sev-erally liable to the corporation for the amount of the loan until it is repaid.’’. 
SEC. 12710. RELATIONSHIP TO FEDERAL AGEN-CIES. 
Section 70909 of title 36, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 70909. RELATIONSHIP TO FEDERAL AGEN-CIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—On request of the board of directors, the FFA may collaborate with Federal agencies, including the Department of Education and the Department of Agri-culture on matters of mutual interest and benefit. ‘‘(b) A
GENCY ASSISTANCE .—Those Federal agencies may make personnel, services, and facilities available to administer or assist in the administration of the activities of the FFA. ‘‘(c) A
GENCY COMPENSATION .—Personnel of the Federal agencies may not receive com-pensation from the FFA for their services, except that travel and other legitimate ex-penses as defined by the Federal agencies and approved by the board may be paid. ‘‘(d) C
OOPERATION WITHSTATE BOARDS .— The Federal agencies also may cooperate with State boards and other organizations for career and technical education to assist in the promotion of activities of the FFA.’’. 
SEC. 12711. HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL OF-FICE. 
Section 70910 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of the cor-poration shall be in the District of Columbia. However, the activities of the corporation are not confined to the District of Columbia but’’ and inserting ‘‘of the FFA shall be as provided in the constitution or bylaws of the FFA. The activities of the FFA’’. 
SEC. 12712. RECORDS AND INSPECTION. 
Section 709011 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘entitled to vote’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘corpora-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’. 
SEC. 12713. SERVICE OF PROCESS. 
Section 70912 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ’’ and inserting ‘‘I
NGENERAL ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘FFA’’ each place the term appears; (C) by striking ‘‘in the District of Colum-bia’’ before ‘‘to receive’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘Designation of the agent shall be filed in the office of the clerk of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and insert-ing ‘‘FFA’’ each place the term appears; and (B) by inserting ‘‘of the FFA’’ after ‘‘asso-ciation or chapter’’. 
SEC. 12714. LIABILITY FOR ACTS OF OFFICERS OR AGENTS. 
Section 70913 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’. SEC. 12715. DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS IN DIS-SOLUTION OR FINAL LIQUIDATION. 
Section 70914 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘FFA’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘vocational agriculture’’ and inserting ‘‘agricultural education’’. 
SA 3272. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. RELEASE OF INTEREST IN LAND, PINE TREE RESEARCH STATION, AR-KANSAS. 
(a) R ELEASE OF INTEREST .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), after execution of the agreement described in subsection (b), the Secretary shall release the condition in the deed with respect to the land described in subsection (c) that the land shall be used for public purposes, and if at any time the land ceases to be so used, the land conveyed shall immediately revert to and become revested in the United States. (2) C
ONDITION .—The release under para-graph (1) shall be subject to the condition that— (A) proceeds from the sale of any land de-scribed in subsection (c) shall be reinvested by the Board of Trustees of the University of Arkansas to benefit the public research and extension programs of the University of Ar-kansas System Division of Agriculture; and (B) if the proceeds are not used as de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the proceeds from the sale of the land described in sub-section (c) shall be transferred to the United States. (3) A
PPLICATION OF BANKHEAD -JONES FARM  
TENANT ACT .—Section 32(c) of the Bankhead- Jones Farm Tenant Act (7 U.S.C. 1011(c)) shall not apply to the release under para-graph (1). (b) A
GREEMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Board of Trust-ees of the University of Arkansas, satisfac-tory to the Secretary of Agriculture, that re-quires that— (1) the proceeds from a sale of any portion of the land described in subsection (c) shall inure to the benefit of the University of Ar-kansas System Division of Agriculture for use in the public research and extension pro-grams of the University of Arkansas System Division of Agriculture, including facilities and operations for those programs; and (2) the proceeds of a disposition described in paragraph (1) shall be— (A) deposited and held in an account open to inspection by the Secretary; and (B) if withdrawn from the account, used for the purpose described in paragraph (1). (c) L
ANDDESCRIBED .—The land referred to in subsections (a) and (b) is the land con-veyed, sold, and quitclaimed to the Board of Trustees of the University of Arkansas by the United States, through the Director of Lands of the Forest Service in accordance with section 32(c) of the Bankhead-Jones Farm Tenant Act (7 U.S.C. 1011(c)) on Feb-ruary 2, 1978, containing 11,849.90 acres from 23 different sections, with the deed recorded in the St. Francis County records in book 376, page 376 by the St. Francis County Cir-cuit Clerk, and generally described as: ‘‘all those certain tracts, or parcels of land em-braced within the Forrest City (Pine Tree) Land Utilization Project, AK-LU-4, lying and being in the County of St. Francis, State of Arkansas, 5th Principal Meridian’’. SA 3273. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 281, strike line 19 and insert the following: (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (B); (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking clauses (i) and (ii) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) without good cause, fails to work or refuses to participate in an employment and training program under paragraph (4), a work program, or any combination of work, an employment and training program, and a work program for— ‘‘(I) during any of fiscal years 2021 through 2025, a minimum of 20 hours per week, aver-aged monthly; and ‘‘(II) during fiscal year 2026 and each fiscal year thereafter, a minimum of 25 hours per week, averaged monthly;’’; (II) by striking clause (vi); (III) in clause (iv), by adding ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon at the end; (IV) in clause (v)(II), by striking ‘‘30 hours per week; or’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable hourly requirement under clause (i).’’; (V) by redesignating clauses (iii), (iv), and (v) as clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv), respectively; and (VI) by striking the subparagraph designa-tion and heading and all that follows through ‘‘individual—’’ in the matter pre-ceding clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF WORK PROGRAM .—In this paragraph, the term ‘work program’ means— ‘‘(i) a program under title I of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) a program under section 236 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296); and ‘‘(iii) a program of employment and train-ing (other than a program under paragraph (4)) that— ‘‘(I) is operated or supervised by a State or political subdivision of a State; and ‘‘(II) achieves compliance with applicable standards approved by— ‘‘(aa) the chief executive officer of the State; and ‘‘(bb) the Secretary. ‘‘(B) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENT .—Subject to subparagraph (C), no physically and men-tally fit individual aged not less than 18, and not more than 59, years shall be eligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program if the applicable State agency determines that the individual—’’; (iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) O
NSET OF APPLICABILITY .—An indi- vidual described in subparagraph (B) shall be ineligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program under that sub-paragraph beginning on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the applicable State agency makes a determination of non-compliance under that subparagraph with re-spect to the individual.’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.051 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4657 June 27, 2018 
(I) in clause (iii)(I), by striking ‘‘subpara-graph (A)’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; (II) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘subpara-graph (A)(v)’’and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)(iv)’’; and (III) by striking clauses (v) and (vi); (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) T
RANSITION PERIOD .—During each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, a State agency shall continue to implement and enforce ap-plicable work program and employment and training program requirements in accord-ance with this subsection, subsections (e) and (o) (other than paragraph (6)(F) of that subsection), and sections 7(i), 11(e)(19), and 16 (other than subparagraphs (A) through (D) of subsection (h)(1) of that section) (as those provisions were in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018). ‘‘(G) A
DDITIONAL FLEXIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On receipt of an applica-tion from a State agency that demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the State agency is unable to implement and en-force applicable work program and employ-ment and training program requirements in accordance with the requirements of this Act (as amended by the Agriculture Improve-ment Act of 2018) that would otherwise be applicable to the work programs and employ-ment and training programs of the State, the Secretary may— ‘‘(I) for such additional period as the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate, permit the State agency to continue to implement and enforce those programs as described in subparagraph (F); or ‘‘(II) subject to clause (ii), provide to the State agency a waiver of the requirement to enforce the those programs in accordance with the requirements of this Act (as amend-ed by the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018) that would otherwise be applicable to the programs. ‘‘(ii) C
ONDITION ON WAIVER .—For any fiscal year during which a waiver under clause (i)(II) is in effect with respect to a State agency, the Secretary shall not pay to the State agency the administrative cost pay-ment under section 16(a). ‘‘(H) I
NELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) N
OTIFICATION OF FAILURE TO MEET WORK  
REQUIREMENTS .—The State agency shall issue a notice of adverse action to an individual by not later than 10 days after the date on which the State agency determines that the individual has failed to meet an applicable requirement under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) I
NITIAL VIOLATION .—The first instance in which an individual receives a notice of adverse action under clause (i), the indi-vidual shall remain ineligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram until the earliest of— ‘‘(I) the date that is 1 year after the date on which the individual became ineligible; ‘‘(II) the date on which the individual ob-tains employment sufficient to meet the ap-plicable hourly requirements under subpara-graph (B)(i); and ‘‘(III) the date on which the individual is no longer subject to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(iii) S
UBSEQUENT VIOLATIONS .—The sec- ond, or any subsequent, instance in which an individual receives a notice of adverse action under clause (i), the individual shall remain ineligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program until the ear-liest of— ‘‘(I) the date that is 3 years after the date on which the individual became ineligible; ‘‘(II) the date on which the individual ob-tains employment sufficient to meet the ap-plicable hourly requirements under subpara-graph (B)(i); and ‘‘(III) the date on which the individual is no longer subject to subparagraph (B).’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— On page 282, strike lines 24 and 25 and in-sert the following: (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) (as amended by subparagraphs (A) and (B)) the following: On page 284, strike lines 5 through 11 and insert the following: ‘‘(i) work or participate in an employment and training program under paragraph (4), a work program, or any combination of work, an employment and training program, and a work program for— ‘‘(I) during any of fiscal years 2021 through 2025, a minimum of 20 hours per week, aver-aged monthly; and ‘‘(II) during fiscal year 2026 and each fiscal year thereafter, a minimum of 25 hours per week, averaged monthly; ‘‘(ii) participate in and comply with On page 284, line 16, strike ‘‘(iv)’’ and insert ‘‘(iii)’’. On page 284, line 21, strike ‘‘50’’ and insert ‘‘59’’. Beginning on page 285, strike line 25 and all that follows through page 287, line 14, and insert the following: ‘‘(E) ONSET OF APPLICABILITY .—An indi- vidual described in subparagraph (B) shall be ineligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program under that sub-paragraph beginning on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the applicable State agency makes a determination of non-compliance under that subparagraph with re-spect to the individual. ‘‘(F) I
NELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) N
OTIFICATION OF FAILURE TO MEET WORK  
REQUIREMENTS .—The State agency shall issue a notice of adverse action to an individual by not later than 10 days after the date on which the State agency determines that the individual has failed to meet an applicable requirement under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) I
NITIAL VIOLATION .—The first instance in which an individual receives a notice of adverse action under clause (i), the indi-vidual shall remain ineligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram until the earliest of— ‘‘(I) the date that is 1 year after the date on which the individual became ineligible; ‘‘(II) the date on which the individual ob-tains employment sufficient to meet the ap-plicable hourly requirements under subpara-graph (B)(i); and ‘‘(III) the date on which the individual is no longer subject to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(iii) S
UBSEQUENT VIOLATIONS .—The sec- ond, or any subsequent, instance in which an individual receives a notice of adverse action under clause (i), the individual shall remain ineligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program until the ear-liest of— ‘‘(I) the date that is 3 years after the date on which the individual became ineligible; ‘‘(II) the date on which the individual ob-tains employment sufficient to meet the ap-plicable hourly requirements under subpara-graph (B)(i); and ‘‘(III) the date on which the individual is no longer subject to subparagraph (B). On page 287, line 15, strike ‘‘(F)’’ and insert ‘‘(G)’’. On page 288, line 24, strike ‘‘(E)’’ and insert ‘‘(F)’’. On page 291, line 13, strike ‘‘(G)’’ and insert ‘‘(H)’’. On page 291, strike line 17 and insert the following: other provisions of this Act. ‘‘(I) T
RANSITION PERIOD .—During each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, a State agency shall continue to implement and enforce ap-plicable work program and employment and training program requirements in accord-ance with this subsection, subsections (e) and (o) (other than paragraph (6)(F) of that subsection), and sections 7(i), 11(e)(19), and 16 (other than subparagraphs (A) through (D) of subsection (h)(1) of that section) (as those provisions were in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Agriculture Im-provement Act of 2018). ‘‘(J) ADDITIONAL FLEXIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On receipt of an applica-tion from a State agency that demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the State agency is unable to implement and en-force applicable work program and employ-ment and training program requirements in accordance with the requirements of this Act (as amended by the Agriculture Improve-ment Act of 2018) that would otherwise be applicable to the work programs and employ-ment and training programs of the State, the Secretary may— ‘‘(I) for such additional period as the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate, permit the State agency to continue to implement and enforce those programs as described in subparagraph (I); or ‘‘(II) subject to clause (ii), provide to the State agency a waiver of the requirement to enforce the those programs in accordance with the requirements of this Act (as amend-ed by the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018) that would otherwise be applicable to the programs. ‘‘(ii) C
ONDITION ON WAIVER .—For any fiscal year during which a waiver under clause (i)(II) is in effect with respect to a State agency, the Secretary shall not pay to the State agency the administrative cost pay-ment under section 16(a).’’; and 
SA 3274. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. B
URR) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 4104, add at the end the fol-lowing: (e) M
OBILE TECHNOLOGIES .—Section 7(h)(14) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(14)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall authorize the use of mobile technologies for the purpose of ac-cessing supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits.’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS ON ACCESS OF  
BENEFITS THROUGH MOBILE TECHNOLOGIES ’’; (B) by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—Before au-thorizing the implementation of subpara-graph (A) in all States, the Secretary shall approve not more than 5 demonstration project proposals submitted by State agen-cies that will pilot the use of mobile tech-nologies for supplemental nutrition assist-ance program benefits access.’’; (C) in clause (ii)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
EM-
ONSTRATION PROJECTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P
ROJECT REQUIREMENTS ’’; (ii) in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (I) by striking ‘‘retail food store’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘State agen-cy’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘that includes—’’ and in-serting ‘‘that—’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.049 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4658 June 27, 2018 
(iii) by striking subclauses (I), (II), (III), and (IV), and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) provides recipients protections with respect to privacy, ease of use, household ac-cess to benefits, and support similar to the protections provided under existing methods; ‘‘(II) ensures that all recipients, including recipients without access to mobile payment technology and recipients who shop across State borders, have a means of benefit ac-cess; ‘‘(III) requires retail food stores, unless ex-empt under subsection (f)(2)(B), to bear the costs of acquiring and arranging for the im-plementation of point-of-sale equipment and supplies for the redemption of benefits that are accessed through mobile technologies, including any fees not described in para-graph (13); ‘‘(IV) requires that foods purchased with benefits issued under this section through mobile technologies are purchased at a price not higher than the price of the same food purchased by other methods used by the re-tail food store, as determined by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(V) ensures adequate documentation for each authorized transaction, adequate secu-rity measures to deter fraud, and adequate access to retail food stores that accept bene-fits accessed through mobile technologies, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(VI) provides for an evaluation of the demonstration project, including an evalua-tion of household access to benefits; and ‘‘(VII) meets other criteria as established by the Secretary.’’; (D) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iv) D
ATE OF PROJECT APPROVAL .—The Secretary shall solicit and approve the quali-fying demonstration projects required under subparagraph (B)(i) not later than January 1, 2020.’’; and (E) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary may prioritize demonstration project proposals that would— ‘‘(I) reduce fraud; ‘‘(II) encourage positive nutritional out-comes; and ‘‘(III) meet such other criteria as deter-mined by the Secretary.’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘requires further study by way of an extended pilot period or’’ after ‘‘States’’ the second place it appears. 
SA 3275. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, insert the following: 
SEC. 63ll. INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP ON RURAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an interagency working group (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘working group’’)— (1) to study the process and implementa-tion of rural economic development grants and funding at agencies and departments within the Federal Government; and (2) to develop a website to provide informa-tion about those grants and funding in a cen-tral location. (b) MEMBERS .—The working group shall in-clude— (1) the Secretary; and (2) the head of each Federal agency or de-partment that provides rural economic de-velopment grants or funding. (c) D
UTIES .—The working group shall de-velop a common, single website to be used by each Federal agency or department partici-pating in the working group that will— (1) describe each Federal rural economic development program or grant; and (2) allow an applicant to apply for those programs or grants on that single website. 
SA 3276. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 9101, redesignate paragraphs (1) through (3) as paragraphs (2) through (4), re-spectively. In section 9101, insert before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following: (1) in paragraph (3)(A), by inserting ‘‘eth-anol derived from’’ after ‘‘other than’’; 
SA 3277. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike section 9106 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 9106. BIODIESEL FUEL EDUCATION PRO-GRAM. 
Section 9006(d) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8106(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SA 3278. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 556, line 10, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. On page 556, line 14, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. On page 556, between lines 14 and 15, insert the following: ‘‘(iii) that are located in a State with the highest age-adjusted drug overdose mor-tality rates, as determined by the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, with priority under this clause based on an ordinal ranking of States with the high-est age-adjusted drug overdose mortality rates. 
SA 3279. Mr. CASEY (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. PROTECTION OF PETS. 
(a) R ESEARCH FACILITIES .—Section 7 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2137) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 7. SOURCES OF DOGS AND CATS FOR RE-SEARCH FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF PERSON .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘person’ means any individual, partnership, firm, joint stock company, cor-poration, association, trust, estate, pound, shelter, or other legal entity. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF DOGS AND CATS.—No research facility or Federal research facility may use a dog or cat for research or educational pur-poses if the dog or cat was obtained from a person other than a person described in sub-section (d). ‘‘(c) S
ELLING , DONATING , OROFFERING DOGS 
AND CATS.—No person, other than a person described in subsection (d), may sell, donate, or offer a dog or cat to any research facility or Federal research facility. ‘‘(d) P
ERMISSIBLE SOURCES .—A person from whom a research facility or a Federal re-search facility may obtain a dog or cat for research or educational purposes under sub-section (b), and a person who may sell, do-nate, or offer a dog or cat to a research facil-ity or a Federal research facility under sub-section (c), shall be— ‘‘(1) a dealer licensed under section 3 that has bred and raised the dog or cat; ‘‘(2) a publicly owned and operated pound or shelter that— ‘‘(A) is registered with the Secretary; ‘‘(B) is in compliance with section 28(a)(1) and with the requirements for dealers in sub-sections (b) and (c) of section 28; and ‘‘(C) obtained the dog or cat from its legal owner, other than a pound or shelter; ‘‘(3) a person that is donating the dog or cat and that— ‘‘(A) bred and raised the dog or cat; or ‘‘(B) owned the dog or cat for not less than 1 year immediately preceding the donation; ‘‘(4) a research facility licensed by the Sec-retary; and ‘‘(5) a Federal research facility licensed by the Secretary. ‘‘(e) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person that violates this section shall be fined $1,000 for each vio-lation. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL PENALTY .—A penalty under this subsection shall be in addition to any other applicable penalty. ‘‘(f) N
OREQUIRED SALE OR DONATION .— Nothing in this section requires a pound or shelter to sell, donate, or offer a dog or cat to a research facility or Federal research fa-cility.’’. (b) F
EDERAL RESEARCH FACILITIES .—Sec- tion 8 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2138) is amended— (1) by striking the section designation and all that follows through ‘‘No department’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 8. FEDERAL RESEARCH FACILITIES. 
‘‘Except as provided in section 7, no de-partment’’; (2) by striking ‘‘research or experimen-tation or’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘such purposes’’ and insert-ing ‘‘that purpose’’. (c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Section 28(b)(1) of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2158(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘individual or entity’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.061 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4659 June 27, 2018 
and inserting ‘‘research facility or Federal research facility’’. 
SA 3280. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 256, strike line 21 and all that fol-lows through page 257, line 4, and insert the following: ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— In addition to any other amounts provided under this section, 
SA 3281. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. STATE MEMORANDA OF UNDER-STANDING REGARDING INTERSTATE SHIPMENT OF STATE-INSPECTED POULTRY AND MEAT ITEMS. 
(a) M EAT ITEMS .—Section 501 of the Fed-eral Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 683) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘that is located in a State that has enacted a manda-tory State meat product inspection law that imposes ante mortem and post mortem in-spection, reinspection, and sanitation re-quirements that are at least equal to those under this Act’’ before the period at the end; and (B) by striking paragraph (5); (2) by striking subsections (b) through (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) S
TATE MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING  R
EGARDING INTERSTATE SHIPMENT OF STATE - 
INSPECTED MEATITEMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), a State may enter into a memo-randum of understanding with another State under which meat items from an eligible es-tablishment in 1 State are sold in interstate commerce in the other State, in accordance with the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be eligible to enter into a memorandum of understanding under paragraph (1), a State, acting through the appropriate State agency, shall receive a certification from the Secretary that— ‘‘(A) the ante mortem and post mortem in-spection, reinspection, and sanitation re-quirements of the State are at least equal to those under this Act; and ‘‘(B) the State employs designated per-sonnel to inspect meat items to be shipped by eligible establishments in interstate com-merce.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (c); (4) by striking subsections (g), (h), and (j); and (5) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (d). (b) POULTRY ITEMS .—Section 31 of the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 472) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (5); (2) by striking subsections (b) through (g) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) S
TATE MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING  R
EGARDING INTERSTATE SHIPMENT OF STATE - 
INSPECTED POULTRY ITEMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), a State may enter into a memo-randum of understanding with another State under which poultry items from an eligible establishment in 1 State are sold in inter-state commerce in the other State, in ac-cordance with the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be eligible to enter into a memorandum of understanding under paragraph (1), a State, acting through the appropriate State agency, shall receive a certification from the Secretary that— ‘‘(A) the ante mortem and post mortem in-spection, reinspection, and sanitation re-quirements of the State are at least equal to those under this Act; and ‘‘(B) the State employs designated per-sonnel to inspect poultry items to be shipped by eligible establishments in interstate com-merce.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (c); and (4) by striking subsection (i). 
SA 3282. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. QUAIL. 
Section 4(e) of the Poultry Products In-spection Act (21 U.S.C. 453(e)) is amended by inserting ‘‘including quail,’’ before ‘‘wheth-er’’. 
SA 3283. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. JURISDICTION OF THE COM-MODITY FUTURES TRADING COM-MISSION. 
Section 2(a)(1)(A) of the Commodity Ex-change Act (42 Stat. 998, chapter 369; 7 U.S.C. 2(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘pursuant to section 5 or a swap execution facility pur-suant to section 5h or any other’’ and insert-ing ‘‘pursuant to section 5, a swap execution facility pursuant to section 5h, or a report-ing entity that sets or reports reference prices for aluminum premiums, or any other’’. 
SA 3284. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: After section 8401, insert the following: 
SEC. 84ll. INJUNCTIONS. 
Section 106(c) of the Healthy Forests Res-toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6516(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—A court of competent ju-risdiction may not enjoin an authorized haz-ardous fuel reduction project that is located in part or in whole on a wildland-urban interface based solely on a finding by the court that— ‘‘(A) a categorical exclusion, in lieu of an environmental assessment, was improperly prepared for the authorized hazardous fuel reduction project; ‘‘(B) an environmental assessment, in lieu of an environmental impact statement, was improperly prepared for the authorized haz-ardous fuel reduction project; or ‘‘(C) any other procedural error was made with respect to the environmental analysis required for, or the implementation of, the authorized hazardous fuel reduction project.’’. 
SA 3285. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86lll. ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLU-TION PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) P
ARTICIPANT .—The term ‘‘participant’’ means an individual or entity that files an objection or scoping comments on a draft en-vironmental document with respect to a project that is subject to an objection at the project level under part 218 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions). (2) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the pilot program established under subsection (b). (3) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘project’’ means a project described in subsection (c). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. (b) A
RBITRATION PILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall estab-lish within Region 1 of the Forest Service an arbitration pilot program as an alternative dispute resolution process in lieu of judicial review for projects described in subsection (c). (c) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, at the sole discretion of the Secretary, may designate for arbitration projects that— (A)(i) are developed through a collabo-rative process (within the meaning of section 603(b)(1)(C) of the Healthy Forest Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(b)(1)(C))); (ii) are carried out under the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Program es-tablished under section 4003 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303); or (iii) are identified in a community wildfire protection plan (as defined in section 101 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511)); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.061 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4660 June 27, 2018 
(B) have as a purpose— (i) hazardous fuels reduction; or (ii) mitigation of insect or disease infesta-tion; and (C) are located, in whole or in part, in a wildland-urban interface (as defined in sec-tion 101 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511)). (2) I
NCLUSION .—In designating projects for arbitration, the Secretary may include projects that receive categorical exclusions for purposes of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (d) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF PROJECTS .— The Secretary may not designate for arbitra-tion under the pilot program more than 2 projects per calendar year. (e) A
RBITRATORS .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary shall de-velop and publish a list of not fewer than 15 individuals eligible to serve as arbitrators for the pilot program. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—To be eligible to serve as an arbitrator under this subsection, an in-dividual shall be— (A) certified by— (i) the American Arbitration Association; or (ii) a State arbitration program; or (B) a fully retired Federal or State judge. (f) I
NITIATION OF ARBITRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Secretary issues the final decision with respect to a project, the Secretary shall— (A) notify each applicable participant and the Clerk of the United States District Court for the district in which the project is lo-cated that the project has been designated for arbitration in accordance with this sec-tion; and (B) include in the decision document a statement that the project has been des-ignated for arbitration. (2) I
NITIATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A participant may ini-tiate arbitration regarding a project that has been designated for arbitration under this section in accordance with— (i) sections 571 through 584 of title 5, United States Code; and (ii) this paragraph. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A request to initiate arbitration under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) be filed not later than the date that is 30 days after the date of the notification by the Secretary under paragraph (1); and (ii) include an alternative proposal for the applicable project that describes each modi-fication sought by the participant with re-spect to the project. (C) N
O JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A project for which arbitration is initiated under subpara-graph (A) shall not be subject to judicial re-view. (3) C
OMPELLED ARBITRATION .— (A) M
OTION TO COMPEL ARBITRATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If a participant seeks judi-cial review of a final decision with respect to a project, the Secretary may file in the ap-plicable court a motion to compel arbitra-tion in accordance with this section. (ii) F
EES AND COSTS .—For any motion de-scribed in clause (i) for which the Secretary is the prevailing party, the applicable court shall award to the Secretary— (I) court costs; and (II) attorney’s fees. (B) A
RBITRATION COMPELLED BY COURT .—If a participant seeks judicial review of a project, the applicable court shall compel ar-bitration in accordance with this section. (g) S
ELECTION OF ARBITRATOR .—For each arbitration commenced under this section— (1) the Secretary shall propose 3 arbitra-tors from the list published under subsection (e)(1); and (2) the applicable participant shall select 1 arbitrator from the list of arbitrators pro-posed under paragraph (1). (h) RESPONSIBILITIES OF ARBITRATOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An arbitrator selected under subsection (e)— (A) shall address all claims of each party seeking arbitration with respect to a project under this section; but (B) may consolidate into a single arbitra-tion all requests to initiate arbitration by all participants with respect to a project. (2) S
ELECTION OF PROPOSALS .—An arbi- trator shall make a decision with respect to each applicable request for initiation of arbi-tration under this section by— (A) selecting the project, as approved by the Secretary; (B) selecting an alternative proposal sub-mitted by the applicable participant; or (C) rejecting both projects described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). (3) L
IMITATIONS .— (A) A
DMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—The evidence before an arbitrator under this subsection shall be limited solely to the administrative record for the project. (B) N
O MODIFICATIONS TO PROPOSALS .—An arbitrator may not modify any proposal con-tained in a request for initiation of arbitra-tion of a participant under this section. (i) I
NTERVENTION .—A party may intervene in an arbitration under this section if, with respect to the project to which the arbitra-tion relates, the party— (1) meets the requirements of Rule 24(a) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (or a successor rule); or (2) participated in the applicable collabo-rative process referred to in clause (i) or (ii) of subsection (c)(1)(A). (j) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—In carrying out arbi-tration for a project, the arbitrator shall set aside the agency action, findings, and con-clusions found to be arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in ac-cordance with law, within the meaning of section 706(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code. (k) D
EADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF ARBITRA -
TION.—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a request to initiate arbitration is filed under subsection (f)(2), the arbitrator shall make a decision with respect to the re-quest to initiate arbitration. (l) E
FFECT OF ARBITRATION DECISION .—A decision of an arbitrator under this section— (1) shall not be considered to be a major Federal action; (2) shall be binding; and (3) shall not be subject to judicial review, except as provided in section 10(a) of title 9, United States Code. (m) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— (A) be solely responsible for the profes-sional fees of arbitrators participating in the pilot program; and (B) use funds made available to the Sec-retary and not otherwise obligated to carry out subparagraph (A). (2) A
TTORNEY ’S FEES .—No arbitrator may award attorney’s fees in any arbitration brought under this section. (n) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the pilot program is estab-lished, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and publish on the website of Region 1 of the Forest Service, a report of not longer than 10 pages describing the implementation of the pilot program for the applicable year, includ-ing— (A) the reasons for selecting certain projects for arbitration; (B) an evaluation of the arbitration proc-ess, including any recommendations for im-provements to the process; (C) a description of the outcome of each ar-bitration; and (D) a summary of the impacts of each out-come described in subparagraph (C) on the timeline for implementation and completion of the applicable project. (2) GAO REVIEWS AND REPORTS .— (A) I
NITIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the pilot program is established, the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the implementa-tion by the Secretary of the pilot program. (B) R
EVIEW ON TERMINATION .—On termi-nation of the pilot program under subsection (o), the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the implementation by the Secretary of the pilot program. (C) R
EPORT .—On completion of the review described in subparagraph (A) or (B), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the applica-ble review. (o) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date. (p) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section affects the responsibility of the Secretary to comply with— (1) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); or (2) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
SA 3286. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. L
EE, and Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES RE-PEAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)) is void. (b) E
FFECT .—Until such time as the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army issue a final rule after the date of enactment of this Act defining the scope of waters pro-tected under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and that final rule goes into effect, any regulation or policy revised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, the rule voided by this section shall be applied as if the voided rule had not been issued. 
SA 3287. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.052 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4661 June 27, 2018 
and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 12518 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 12518. STUDY OF MARKETPLACE FRAUD OF TRADITIONAL FOODS AND TRIBAL SEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on— (1) the market impact of traditional foods, Tribally produced products, and products that use traditional foods; (2) fraudulent foods that mimic traditional foods or Tribal seeds that are available in the commercial marketplace as of the date of enactment of this Act; (3) the means by which authentic tradi-tional foods and Tribally produced foods might be protected against the impact of fraudulent foods in the marketplace; and (4) the availability and long-term viability of Tribal seeds, including an analysis of the storage, cultivation, harvesting, and com-mercialization of Tribal seeds. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The study conducted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a consideration of the circumstances under which fraudulent foods in the market-place occur; and (2) an analysis of Federal laws, including intellectual property laws and trademark laws, that might offer protections for Tribal seeds and traditional foods and against fraudulent foods. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of completion of the study, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report describing the results of the study under this section to— (1) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; (2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate; (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (5) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. (d) P
RIVACY OF INFORMATION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Comptroller General of the United States shall protect sensitive Tribal information gained through the study conducted under subsection (a), including information about Indian sacred places. 
SA 3288. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 576, line 24, insert ‘‘and family sta-bility’’ before ‘‘, as’’. On page 576, after line 24, insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) S
TRONGER OUTCOMES FOR FAMILIES .—In developing a strategic community invest-ment plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary and rural communities are encouraged to de-velop plans with an emphasis on stronger outcomes for families and multigenerational poverty reduction. On page 577, line 1, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert ‘‘(4)’’. On page 577, line 5, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. On page 577, strike line 9 and insert the fol-lowing: pended. ‘‘(6) DEFINITION OF MULTIGENERATIONAL  
POVERTY .—In this subsection, the term ‘multigenerational poverty’ means pervasive poverty transferred from parents to their children through structural and systemic factors.’’. 
SA 3289. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 598, strike line 24 and all that follows through page 599, line 3, and insert the following: (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) set aside not less than 15 percent for areas that are high-cost and geographically challenged, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iv) set aside not less than 1 percent to be 
SA 3290. Mr. LANKFORD (for him-self, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. M CCAIN, and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 121ll. REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014 .—Effective on the date of enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9001 et seq.), section 12106 of that Act (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 980) and the amendments made by that sec-tion are repealed. (2) F
OOD, CONSERVATION , AND ENERGY ACT  
OF 2008 .—Effective on the date of enactment of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8701 et seq.), section 11016 of that Act (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) and the amendments made by that section are repealed. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) and the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) shall be applied and administered as if— (1) section 12106 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 980) and the amendments made by that section had not been enacted; and (2) section 11016 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) and the amendments made by that section had not been enacted. 
SA 3291. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: On page 881, strike lines 4 through 13 and insert the following: ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $80,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—No funds under this section may be provided— ‘‘(A) to entities with net sales of more than $50,000,000; or ‘‘(B) to support products with well-estab-lished product markets, as determined by the Secretary. 
SA 3292. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 862lll. EXPEDITED FOREST MANAGE-MENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OLLABORATIVE PROCESS .—The term ‘‘collaborative process’’ means a process re-lating to the management of National Forest System land or public land under which a project or forest management activity is de-veloped and implemented by the Secretary concerned through collaboration with inter-ested persons, as described in section 603(b)(1)(C) of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(b)(1)(C)). (2) C
OMMUNITY WILDFIRE PROTECTION  
PLAN .—The term ‘‘community wildfire pro-tection plan’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511). (3) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term ‘‘forest management activity’’ means a project or activity carried out by the Sec-retary concerned on National Forest System land or public land consistent with the forest plan covering the National Forest System land or public land. (4) F
OREST PLAN .—The term ‘‘forest plan’’ means— (A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of Land Management for public land pursu-ant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or (B) a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to sec-tion 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renew-able Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (5) R
ESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘resource advisory committee’’ has the meaning given the term in section 201 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121). (6) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary, with respect to National Forest System land; and (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to public land. (b) A
NALYSIS OF 2 ALTERNATIVES IN PRO-
POSED COLLABORATIVE FOREST MANAGEMENT  A
CTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In preparing an environ-mental assessment or environmental impact 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.052 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4662 June 27, 2018 
statement under section 102(2) of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)) for a forest management ac-tivity described in paragraph (2), the Sec-retary concerned shall study, develop, and describe only the following 2 alternatives: (A) The forest management activity. (B) The alternative of no action. (2) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY DE -
SCRIBED .—A forest management activity re-ferred to in paragraph (1) is a forest manage-ment activity— (A) that is— (i) developed through a collaborative proc-ess; (ii) proposed by a resource advisory com-mittee; (iii) included in a selected proposal under the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restora-tion Program established under section 4003 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303); (iv) conducted on land designated by the Secretary concerned (or a designee of the Secretary concerned) under section 602(b) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a(b)), notwithstanding whether the forest management activity is initiated before September 30, 2018; or (v) covered by a community wildfire pro-tection plan; and (B) the primary purpose of which is— (i)(I) hazardous fuel reduction; (II) installation of fuel and fire breaks ap-propriate for the forest type; (III) protection of a municipal water sup-ply system (as defined in section 101 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511)); (IV) improving wildlife habitat to meet management and conservation goals; or (V) treatment of insect and disease out-breaks on land designated under section 602(b) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a(b)); or (ii) a combination of 2 or more of the pur-poses described in subclauses (I) through (V) of clause (i). (3) E
LEMENTS OF NO ACTION ALTERNATIVE .— In studying, developing, and describing the alternative of no action under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary concerned shall con-sider whether to evaluate— (A) the effect of no action on— (i) forest health; (ii) habitat diversity; (iii) wildfire potential; (iv) insect and disease potential; and (v) timber production; and (B) the implications of a resulting decline in forest health, loss of habitat diversity, wildfire, or insect or disease infestation, given fire and insect and disease historic cy-cles, on— (i) domestic water supply in the project area; (ii) wildlife habitat loss; and (iii) other economic and social factors. (c) E
XPANSION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION  
FORINSECT AND DISEASE INFESTATION .—Sec- tion 603 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘described in subsection (b)’’; (2) by striking subsection (b); (3) by redesignating subsections (c) through (g) as subsections (b) through (f), re-spectively; and (4) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘3000’’ and inserting ‘‘10,000’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or III, outside the wildland-urban interface.’’ and inserting ‘‘III, IV, or V, outside the wildland-urban interface; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) designated under section 602(b).’’. (d) PILOT ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE PROCESS .— (1) A
RBITRATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’), shall establish within the Forest Service a 10-year arbitration pilot program as an alternative dispute resolution process in lieu of judicial review for the projects de-scribed in paragraph (2). (B) N
OTIFICATION TO OBJECTORS .—On issuance of an appeal response to an objec-tion filed with respect to a project subject to an objection at the project level under part 218 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), the Secretary shall notify each applica-ble individual or entity that submitted the objection (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘objector’’) that any further appeal may be subject to arbitration in accordance with this subsection. (C) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF ARBITRATIONS .— Under the pilot program under this sub-section, the Secretary may not arbitrate more than 5 objections to projects in a fiscal year in each Region of the Forest Service. (2) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROJECTS .—The Sec- retary, in coordination with the head of the applicable Region of the Forest Service, may designate any type of project under this sec-tion for arbitration under this subsection. (3) A
RBITRATORS .— (A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary shall de-velop and publish a list of not fewer than 20 individuals eligible to serve as arbitrators for the pilot program under this subsection. (B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—In order to be eligible to serve as an arbitrator under this para-graph, an individual shall be currently recog-nized by the American Arbitration Associa-tion. (4) I
NITIATION OF ARBITRATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 7 days after the date of receipt of a notice of intent to file suit challenging a project, the Sec-retary shall notify each applicable objector and the court of jurisdiction that the project has been designated for arbitration in ac-cordance with this subsection. (B) D
EMAND FOR ARBITRATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An objector that sought judicial review of a project that has been designated by the Secretary for arbitration under this subsection may file a demand for arbitration in accordance with— (I) sections 571 through 584 of title 5, United States Code; and (II) this subparagraph. (ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A demand for arbitra-tion under clause (i) shall— (I) be filed not later than the date that is 30 days after the date of the notification by the Secretary under subparagraph (A); and (II) include an alternative proposal to the applicable project that describes each modi-fication sought by the objector with respect to the project. (5) S
ELECTION OF ARBITRATOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For each arbitration commenced under this subsection, the Sec-retary and each applicable objector shall agree on a mutually acceptable arbitrator from the list published under paragraph (3)(A). (B) A
PPOINTMENT .—If no agreement is reached on a mutually acceptable arbitrator under subparagraph (A) by the date that is 21 days after the date on which demand for ar-bitration is filed, the Secretary shall appoint an arbitrator from the list published under paragraph (3)(A). (6) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF ARBITRATOR .— (A) IN GENERAL .—An arbitrator selected under paragraph (5)— (i) shall address each demand filed for arbi-tration with respect to a project under this subsection; but (ii) may consolidate into a single arbitra-tion all demands for arbitration by all objec-tors with respect to a project. (B) S
ELECTION OF PROPOSALS .—Subject to subparagraph (C), an arbitrator shall make a decision regarding each applicable demand for arbitration under this subsection by se-lecting— (i) the project, as approved by the Sec-retary; or (ii) an alternative proposal submitted by the applicable objector. (C) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting a proposal under subparagraph (B), an arbi-trator shall consider— (i) the applicable administrative record; (ii) the consistency of a proposal with— (I) the applicable forest plan; and (II) applicable laws (including regulations); and (iii) which proposal best meets the purpose and need described in the applicable environ-mental review documents for the project. (D) N
O MODIFICATIONS TO PROPOSALS .—An arbitrator may not modify any proposal con-tained in a demand for arbitration of an ob-jector under this subsection. (7) D
EADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF ARBITRA -
TION.—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a demand for arbitration is filed under paragraph (4)(B), the arbitration proc-ess shall be completed. (8) E
FFECT OF ARBITRATION DECISION .—A de- cision of an arbitrator under this sub-section— (A) shall not be considered to be a major Federal action; (B) shall be binding; and (C) shall not be subject to judicial review, except as provided in section 10(a) of title 9, United States Code. (9) R
EPORT ON THE PILOT PROGRAM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year be-fore the date on which the pilot program ter-minates under paragraph (10), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Energy and Natural Resources and Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committees on Natural Resources and Agri-culture of the House of Representatives, and make publicly available, a report describing the implementation and results of the pilot program under this subsection. (B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report under subparagraph (A) shall include recommenda-tions of the Secretary relating to— (i) whether the pilot program under this subsection should be extended, let expire, or made permanent; (ii) the manner in which the pilot program under this subsection should be modified; and (iii) if and how the scope of the pilot pro-gram under this subsection should be ex-panded. (10) T
ERMINATION OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The authority provided by this subsection termi-nates effective January 1, 2027. 
SA 3293. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.053 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4663 June 27, 2018 
SEC. 125lll. PROTECTION OF NATURAL RE-SOURCES FROM INVASIVE SPECIES. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to ensure the effective management of Federal land, including National Monuments and National Heritage Areas, to protect from invasive species important natural re-sources, including— (1) soil; (2) vegetation; (3) archeological sites; (4) water resources; and (5) rare or unique habitats. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ONTROL .—The term ‘‘control’’, with re-spect to an invasive species, means the eradi-cation, suppression, or reduction of the popu-lation of the invasive species within the area in which the invasive species is present. (2) E
COSYSTEM .—The term ‘‘ecosystem’’ means the complex of a community of orga-nisms and the environment of the organisms. (3) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘‘eligible State’’ means any of— (A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; (D) American Samoa; (E) Guam; and (F) the United States Virgin Islands. (4) I
NVASIVE SPECIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘invasive spe-cies’’ means an alien species, the introduc-tion of which causes, or is likely to cause, economic or environmental harm or harm to human health. (B) A
SSOCIATED DEFINITION .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘‘alien spe-cies’’, with respect to a particular eco-system, means any species (including the seeds, eggs, spores, or other biological mate-rial of the species that are capable of propa-gating the species) that is not native to the affected ecosystem. (C) I
NCLUSION .—The terms ‘‘invasive spe-cies’’ and ‘‘alien species’’ include any terres-trial or aquatic species determined by the relevant tribal, regional, State, or local au-thority to meet the requirements of subpara-graph (A) or (B), as applicable. (5) M
ANAGE ; MANAGEMENT .—The terms ‘‘manage’’ and ‘‘management’’, with respect to an invasive species, mean the active im-plementation of any activity— (A) to reduce or stop the spread of the invasive species; and (B) to inhibit further infestations of the invasive species, the spread of the invasive species, or harm caused by the invasive spe-cies, including investigations regarding methods for early detection and rapid re-sponse, prevention, control, or management of the invasive species. (6) P
REVENT .—The term ‘‘prevent’’, with respect to an invasive species, means— (A) to hinder the introduction of the invasive species onto land or water; or (B) to impede the spread of the invasive species within land or water by inspecting, intercepting, or confiscating invasive species threats prior to the establishment of the invasive species onto land or water of an eli-gible State. (7) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to Federal land administered by the Secretary of the Interior through— (i) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; (ii) the Bureau of Land Management; (iii) the Bureau of Reclamation; (iv) the National Park Service; or (v) the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; (B) the Secretary, with respect to Federal land administered by the Secretary through the Forest Service; and (C) the head or a representative of any other Federal agency the duties of whom re-quire planning relating to, and the treat-ment of, invasive species on Federal land. (8) SPECIES .—The term ‘‘species’’ means a group of organisms, all of which— (A) have a high degree of physical and ge-netic similarity; (B) generally interbreed only among them-selves; and (C) show persistent differences from mem-bers of allied groups of organisms. (c) F
EDERAL EFFORTS TO CONTROL AND  M
ANAGE INVASIVE SPECIES ON FEDERAL  L
AND.— (1) C
ONTROL AND MANAGEMENT .—Each Sec-retary concerned shall plan and carry out ac-tivities on land directly managed by the Sec-retary concerned to control and manage invasive species— (A) to inhibit or reduce the populations of invasive species; and (B) to effectuate restoration or reclama-tion efforts. (2) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each Secretary con-cerned shall develop a strategic plan for the implementation of the invasive species pro-gram to achieve, to the maximum extent practicable, a substantive annual net reduc-tion of invasive species populations or in-fested acreage on land managed by the Sec-retary concerned. (B) C
OORDINATION .—Each strategic plan under subparagraph (A) shall be developed— (i) in coordination with affected— (I) eligible States; (II) political subdivisions of eligible States; and (III) federally recognized Indian tribes; and (ii) in accordance with the priorities estab-lished by 1 or more Governors of the eligible States in which an ecosystem affected by an invasive species is located. (C) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In devel- oping a strategic plan under this paragraph, the Secretary concerned shall take into con-sideration the economic and ecological costs of action or inaction, as applicable. (d) P
ROGRAM FUNDING ALLOCATIONS .— (1) C
ONTROL AND MANAGEMENT .—Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made available to each Secretary concerned for a fiscal year for programs that address or in-clude invasive species management, the Sec-retary concerned shall use not less than 75 percent for on-the-ground control and man-agement of invasive species, including through— (A) the purchase of necessary products, equipment, or services to conduct that con-trol and management; (B) the use of integrated pest management options, including pesticides authorized for sale, distribution, or use under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.); (C) the use of biological control agents that are proven to be effective to reduce invasive species populations; (D) the use of revegetation or cultural res-toration methods designed to improve the di-versity and richness of ecosystems; or (E) the use of other effective mechanical or manual control methods. (2) I
NVESTIGATIONS , OUTREACH , AND PUBLIC  
AWARENESS .—Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made available to each Secretary concerned for a fiscal year for programs that address or include invasive species manage-ment, the Secretary concerned may use not more than 15 percent for investigations, de-velopment activities, and outreach and pub-lic awareness efforts to address invasive spe-cies control and management needs. (3) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made available to each Secretary concerned for a fiscal year for programs that address or include invasive species management, not more than 10 per-cent may be used for administrative costs in-curred to carry out those programs, includ-ing costs relating to oversight and manage-ment of the programs, recordkeeping, and implementation of the strategic plan devel-oped under subsection (c)(2). (4) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 60 days after the end of the second fis-cal year beginning after the date of enact-ment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to Congress a report— (A) describing the use by the Secretary concerned during the 2 preceding fiscal years of funds for programs that address or include invasive species management; and (B) specifying the percentage of funds ex-pended for each of the purposes specified in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). (e) P
RUDENT USE OF FUNDS .— (1) C
OST-EFFECTIVE METHODS .—In selecting a method to be used to control or manage an invasive species as part of a specific control or management project, the Secretary con-cerned shall prioritize the use of the least- costly option, based on sound scientific data and other commonly used, cost-effective benchmarks, in an area to effectively control and manage invasive species. (2) C
OMPARATIVE ECONOMIC ASSESSMENT .— To achieve compliance with paragraph (1), the Secretary concerned shall require a com-parative economic assessment of invasive species control and management methods to be conducted. (3) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An invasive species con-trol or management project or activity de-scribed in subparagraph (B) is categorically excluded from the requirement to prepare an environmental assessment or an environ-mental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) during the period for which the Secretary concerned determines that the project or activity is otherwise conducted in accordance with applicable agency proce-dures, including any land and resource man-agement plan or land use plan applicable to the area. (B) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROJECTS AND ACTIVI -
TIES.—A project or activity referred to in subparagraph (A) is a project or activity that, as determined by the Secretary con-cerned— (i) is, or will be, carried out on land or water that is— (I) directly managed by the Secretary con-cerned; and (II) located in a prioritized, high-risk area; and (ii) involves the treatment of any land or waterway located within 1,000 feet of— (I) any port of entry to the United States, including— (aa) a water body or waterway; (bb) a railroad line; (cc) an airport; and (dd) a roadside or highway; (II) a water project; (III) a utility or telephone infrastructure or right-of-way; (IV) a campground; (V) a National Heritage Area; (VI) a National Monument; (VII) a park or other recreational site; (VIII) a school; or (IX) any other similar, valuable infrastruc-ture. (4) R
ELATION TO OTHER AUTHORITY .— (A) O
THER INVASIVE SPECIES CONTROL , PRE-
VENTION , AND MANAGEMENT AUTHORITIES .— Nothing in this section precludes the Sec-retary concerned from pursuing or sup-porting, pursuant to any other provision of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.054 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4664 June 27, 2018 
law, any activity regarding the control, pre-vention, or management of an invasive spe-cies, including investigations to improve the control, prevention, or management of the invasive species. (B) P
UBLIC WATER SUPPLY SYSTEMS .—Noth- ing in this section authorizes the Secretary concerned to suspend any water delivery or diversion, or otherwise to prevent the oper-ation of a public water supply system, as a measure to control, manage, or prevent the introduction or spread of an invasive species. (f) U
SE OF PARTNERSHIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the require-ments of this subsection, the Secretary con-cerned may enter into any contract or coop-erative agreement with another Federal agency, an eligible State, a political subdivi-sion of an eligible State, or a private indi-vidual or entity to assist with the control and management of an invasive species. (2) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of a con-tract or cooperative agreement under para-graph (1), the Secretary concerned and the applicable Federal agency, eligible State, po-litical subdivision of an eligible State, or private individual or entity shall enter into a memorandum of understanding that de-scribes— (i) the nature of the partnership between the parties to the memorandum of under-standing; and (ii) the control and management activities to be conducted under the contract or coop-erative agreement. (B) C
ONTENTS .—A memorandum of under-standing under this paragraph shall contain, at a minimum, the following: (i) A prioritized listing of each invasive species to be controlled or managed. (ii) An assessment of the total acres or area infested by the invasive species. (iii) An estimate of the expected total acres or area infested by the invasive species after control and management of the invasive species is attempted. (iv) A description of each specific, inte-grated pest management option to be used, including a comparative economic assess-ment to determine the least-costly method. (v) Any map, boundary, or Global Posi-tioning System coordinates needed to clear-ly identify the area in which each control or management activity is proposed to be con-ducted. (vi) A written assurance that each partner will comply with section 15 of the Federal Noxious Weed Act of 1974 (7 U.S.C. 2814). (C) C
OORDINATION .—If a partner to a con-tract or cooperative agreement under para-graph (1) is an eligible State, political sub-division of an eligible State, or private indi-vidual or entity, the memorandum of under-standing under this paragraph shall include a description of— (i) the means by which each applicable control or management effort will be coordi-nated; and (ii) the expected outcomes of managing and controlling the invasive species. (D) P
UBLIC OUTREACH AND AWARENESS EF -
FORTS .—If a contract or cooperative agree-ment under paragraph (1) involves any out-reach or public awareness effort, the memo-randum of understanding under this para-graph shall include a list of goals and objec-tives for each outreach or public awareness effort that have been determined to be effi-cient to inform national, regional, State, or local audiences regarding invasive species control and management. (3) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—The purpose of any invasive species-related investigation carried out under a contract or cooperative agree-ment under paragraph (1) shall be— (A) to develop solutions and specific rec-ommendations for control and management of invasive species; and (B) specifically to provide faster implemen-tation of control and management methods. (g) COORDINATION WITHAFFECTED LOCAL  G
OVERNMENTS .—Each project and activity carried out under this section shall be co-ordinated with affected local governments, in accordance with section 202(c)(9) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712(c)(9)). 
SA 3294. Mr. BARRASSO (for him-self, Mr. R
ISCH, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. E NZI) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. MODIFICATION OF ENVIRON-MENTAL REQUIREMENTS FOR AGRI-CULTURE AND AGRICULTURAL PRO-DUCERS. 
(a) P REDATORY AND OTHER WILDANIMALS .— Section 1 of the Act of March 2, 1931 (7 U.S.C. 8351), is amended— (1) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary’’; (2) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A
CTION BY FWS.—The Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall use the most expeditious procedure prac-ticable to process and administer permits for take of— ‘‘(1) a depredating eagle under the Act of June 8, 1940 (commonly known as the ‘Bald Eagle Protection Act’) (54 Stat. 250, chapter 278; 16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), or sections 22.11 through 22.32 of title 50, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or successor regulations) (including depredation of livestock, wildlife, and spe-cies protected under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or any other Federal management program); or ‘‘(2) a migratory bird included on the list under section 10.13 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations) that is posing a conflict.’’. (b) U
SE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES ; DIS-
CHARGES OF PESTICIDES ; REPORT .— (1) U
SE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES .—Sec- tion 3(f) of the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a(f)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (s) of section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342), the Administrator or a State shall not require a permit under that Act for a discharge from a point source into navigable waters of— ‘‘(A) a pesticide authorized for sale, dis-tribution, or use under this Act; or ‘‘(B) the residue of the pesticide, resulting from the application of the pesticide.’’. (2) D
ISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES .—Section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) D
ISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES .— ‘‘(1) N
O PERMIT REQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a permit shall not be required by the Administrator or a State under this Act for a discharge from a point source into navigable waters of— ‘‘(A) a pesticide authorized for sale, dis-tribution, or use under the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.); or ‘‘(B) the residue of the pesticide, resulting from the application of the pesticide. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following discharges of a pes-ticide or pesticide residue: ‘‘(A) A discharge resulting from the appli-cation of a pesticide in violation of a provi-sion of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) rel-evant to protecting water quality if— ‘‘(i) the discharge would not have occurred without the violation; or ‘‘(ii) the quantity of pesticide or pesticide residue in the discharge is greater than would have occurred without the violation. ‘‘(B) Stormwater discharges subject to reg-ulation under subsection (p). ‘‘(C) The following discharges subject to regulation under this section: ‘‘(i) Manufacturing or industrial effluent. ‘‘(ii) Treatment works effluent. ‘‘(iii) Discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel, including a discharge resulting from ballasting operations or ves-sel biofouling prevention.’’. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’), in consultation with the Secretary, shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives that in-cludes— (A) the status of intra-agency coordination between the Office of Water and the Office of Pesticide Programs of the Environmental Protection Agency regarding streamlining information collection, standards of review, and data use relating to water quality im-pacts from the registration and use of pes-ticides; (B) an analysis of the effectiveness of cur-rent regulatory actions relating to pesticide registration and use aimed at protecting water quality; and (C) any recommendations on how the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.) can be modified to better protect water quality and human health. (c) F
ARMER IDENTITY PROTECTION .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘Agency’’ means the Environmental Protection Agency. (B) L
IVESTOCK OPERATION .—The term ‘‘live-stock operation’’ includes any operation in-volved in the raising or finishing of livestock and poultry. (2) P
ROCUREMENT AND DISCLOSURE OF INFOR -
MATION .— (A) P
ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Administrator, any of-ficer or employee of the Agency, or any con-tractor or cooperator of the Agency, shall not disclose the information of any owner, operator, or employee of a livestock oper-ation provided to the Agency by a livestock producer or a State agency in accordance with the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) or any other law, including— (i) names; (ii) telephone numbers; (iii) email addresses; (iv) physical addresses; (v) Global Positioning System coordinates; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.054 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4665 June 27, 2018 
(vi) financial information, including busi-ness records and production data; or (vii) other identifying information regard-ing the location of the owner, operator, live-stock, or employee. (B) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this subsection af-fects— (i) the disclosure of information described in subparagraph (A) if— (I) the information has been transformed into a statistical or aggregate form at the county level or higher without any informa-tion that identifies the agricultural oper-ation or agricultural producer; or (II) the livestock producer consents to the disclosure; (ii) the authority of any State agency to collect information on livestock operations; or (iii) the authority of the Agency to dis-close the information on livestock oper-ations to State or other Federal govern-mental agencies. (C) C
ONDITION OF PERMIT OR OTHER PRO -
GRAMS .—The approval of any permit, prac-tice, or program administered by the Admin-istrator shall not be conditioned on the con-sent of the livestock producer under subpara-graph (B)(i)(II). (d) P
RIVACY OF AGRICULTURAL PRO-
DUCERS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means— (i) the Administrator; and (ii) in the case of an action taken pursuant to a permit program approved under section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342), the head of the State agency administering the program. (B) A
ERIAL SURVEILLANCE .—The term ‘‘aer-ial surveillance’’ means any surveillance from the air, including— (i) surveillance conducted from manned or unmanned aircraft; or (ii) the use of aerial or satellite images, re-gardless of whether the images are publicly available. (C) A
GRICULTURAL LAND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘agricultural land’’ means land used primarily for agricul-tural production. (ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘agricultural land’’ includes— (I) cropland; (II) grassland; (III) prairie land; (IV) improved pastureland; (V) rangeland; (VI) cropped woodland; (VII) marshes; (VIII) reclaimed land; (IX) fish or other aquatic species habitat; (X) land used for— (aa) agroforestry; or (bb) the production of livestock; and (XI) land that contains existing infrastruc-ture used for— (aa) the production of livestock; or (bb) another agricultural operation. (2) L
IMITATION ON USE OF AERIAL SURVEIL -
LANCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), in exercising any authority under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Administrator may not conduct aerial surveillance of agricul-tural land. (B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Administrator may conduct aerial surveillance of agricultural land under the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) if the Admin-istrator— (i) has obtained the voluntary written con-sent of the owner or operator of the land to be surveilled in accordance with paragraph (3); or (ii) has obtained a certification of reason-able suspicion in accordance with paragraph (4). (3) VOLUNTARY WRITTEN CONSENT .— (A) C
ONSENT REQUIRED .—In order to con-duct aerial surveillance under paragraph (2)(B)(i), the Administrator shall obtain from the owner or operator of the land to be surveilled written consent to such surveil-lance. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The Administrator shall ensure that any written consent required under subparagraph (A)— (i) specifies the period during which the consent is effective, which may not exceed 1 year; (ii) contains a specific description of the geographical area to be surveilled; and (iii) on the request of the owner or oper-ator of the land to be surveilled, contains limitations on the days and times during which the surveillance may be conducted. (C) A
SSURANCE OF VOLUNTARY CONSENT .— The Administrator— (i) shall ensure that any written consent required under subparagraph (A) is granted voluntarily by the owner or operator of the land to be surveilled; and (ii) may not threaten additional, more de-tailed, or more thorough inspections, or oth-erwise coerce or entice the owner or oper-ator, in order to obtain written consent. (4) C
ERTIFICATION OF REASONABLE SUS -
PICION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to conduct aerial surveillance under paragraph (2)(B)(ii), the Administrator shall obtain from a United States district court of competent jurisdic-tion (referred to in this paragraph as a ‘‘Court’’) a certification of reasonable sus-picion in accordance with this paragraph. (B) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .—A Court may issue to the Administrator a certifi-cation of reasonable suspicion if— (i) the Administrator submits to the Court an affidavit setting forth specific and articulable facts that would indicate to a reasonable person that a violation of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) exists in the area to be surveilled; and (ii) the Court finds that the Administrator has shown reasonable suspicion that an owner or operator of agricultural land in the area to be surveilled has violated the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). (5) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), or for the purposes of an investigation or prosecution by the Adminis-trator as described in paragraph (6), the Ad-ministrator may not disclose information collected through aerial surveillance con-ducted under paragraph (2)(B). (B) A
PPLICABILITY OF FOIA .—Section 552 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any information collected through aerial surveillance conducted under paragraph (2)(B). (C) R
IGHT TO PETITION .—The owner or oper-ator of land surveilled under this subsection has the right to petition for copies of the in-formation collected through such surveil-lance. (6) D
ESTRUCTION OF INFORMATION .—The Ad- ministrator shall destroy information col-lected through aerial surveillance conducted under paragraph (2)(B) not later than 30 days after collection, unless the information is pertinent to an active investigation or pros-ecution by the Administrator. (7) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section expands the power of the Adminis-trator to inspect, monitor, or conduct sur-veillance of agricultural land pursuant to the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) or any other Federal law. (e) REGULATIONS RELATING TO THE TAKING  
OFDOUBLE -CRESTED CORMORANTS .— (1) F
ORCE AND EFFECT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), sections 21.47 and 21.48 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on January 1, 2016), shall have the force and effect of law. (B) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—The Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Secretary’’), acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Direc-tor’’), shall notify the public of the authority provided by subparagraph (A) in a manner determined to be appropriate by the Sec-retary. (2) S
UNSET .—The authority provided by paragraph (1)(A) shall terminate on the ef-fective date of a regulation promulgated by the Director after the date of enactment of this Act to control depredation of double- crested cormorant populations. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection limits the authority of the Direc-tor to promulgate regulations relating to the taking of double-crested cormorants under any other law. (f) A
PPLICABILITY OF SPILL PREVENTION , C
ONTROL , AND COUNTERMEASURE RULE.—Sec- tion 1049 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 1361 note; 128 Stat. 1257; 130 Stat. 1902) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘20,000’’ and inserting ‘‘42,000’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) an aggregate aboveground storage ca-pacity greater than 10,000 gallons but less than 42,000 gallons; and’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) with an aggregate aboveground stor-age capacity of less than or equal to 10,000 gallons; and’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (D) by striking paragraph (4); (2) in subsection (c)(2)(A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘1,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘1,320’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘2,500’’ and inserting ‘‘3,000’’; and (3) by striking subsection (d). 
SA 3295. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. U
DALL , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 275, strike line 21 and insert the following: (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraphs (B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (C); (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the On page 277, line 4, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(3)’’. On page 277, line 6, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert ‘‘(4)’’. 
SA 3296. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.055 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4666 June 27, 2018 
the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 126ll. COMPLIANCE WITH SMALL BUSI-NESS ACT. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) ensure that the Office of Small and Dis-advantaged Business Utilization of the De-partment of Agriculture achieves compliance with paragraphs (2), (15), and (17) of section 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(k)); or (2) submit to Congress a report that de-scribes— (A) each instance in which the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utiliza-tion failed to achieve that compliance, if ap-plicable; (B) the reasons for the failure; and (C) recommendations for amendments to applicable laws (including regulations) to provide to the Office of Small and Disadvan-taged Business Utilization appropriate flexi-bility or exceptions, if any. 
SA 3297. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. HORSE SLAUGHTER PREVENTION. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to prohibit the slaughter of horses for human consumption; (2) to prohibit the sale, possession, and trade of horseflesh for human consumption; and (3) to prohibit the sale, possession, and trade of live horses for slaughter for human consumption. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
UTHANASIA .—The term ‘‘euthanasia’’ means to kill an animal humanely by means that immediately render the animal uncon-scious, with this state remaining until the swift death of the animal. (2) E
XPORT .—The term ‘‘export’’ means to take from any place subject to the jurisdic-tion of the United States to a place not sub-ject to that jurisdiction, whether or not the taking constitutes an exportation within the meaning of the customs laws of the United States. (3) H
ORSE .—The term ‘‘horse’’ means all members of the equid family, including horses, ponies, donkeys, mules, asses, and burros. (4) H
ORSEFLESH .—The term ‘‘horseflesh’’ means the flesh of a dead horse, including the viscera, skin, hair, hide, hooves, and bones of the horse. (5) H
UMAN CONSUMPTION .—The term ‘‘human consumption’’ means ingestion by people as a source of food. (6) I
MPORT .—The term ‘‘import’’ means to bring into any place subject to the jurisdic-tion of the United States from a place not subject to that jurisdiction, whether or not the bringing constitutes an importation within the meaning of the customs laws of the United States. (7) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— (A) an individual, corporation, partnership, trust, association, or other private entity; (B) an officer, employee, agent, depart-ment, or instrumentality of— (i) the Federal Government; or (ii) any State, municipality, or political subdivision of a State; or (C) any other entity subject to the jurisdic-tion of the United States. (8) SLAUGHTER .—The term ‘‘slaughter’’ means the commercial slaughter of 1 or more horses with an intent to sell, barter, or trade horseflesh for human consumption. (9) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means— (A) each of the several States of the United States; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; (D) Guam; (E) American Samoa; (F) the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; (G) the Federated States of Micronesia; (H) the Republic of the Marshall Islands; (I) the Republic of Palau; (J) the United States Virgin Islands; and (K) any other territory or possession of the United States. (10) T
RANSPORT .—The term ‘‘transport’’ means— (A) to move by any means; or (B) to receive or load onto a vehicle for the purpose of movement. (11) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ means the customs territory of the United States, as defined in general note 2 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. (c) P
ROHIBITED ACTS.—A person shall not— (1) slaughter a horse for human consump-tion; (2) import into, or export from, the United States— (A) horseflesh for human consumption; or (B) live horses intended for slaughter for human consumption; (3) sell or barter, offer to sell or barter, purchase, possess, transport, deliver, or re-ceive— (A) horseflesh for human consumption; or (B) live horses intended for slaughter for human consumption; or (4) solicit, request, or otherwise knowingly cause any act prohibited under paragraph (1), (2), or (3). (d) P
ENALTIES .— (1) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .—A person that violates subsection (c) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both. (2) C
IVIL PENALTIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to any other civil or criminal penalty that may be im-posed under title 18, United States Code, or any other provision of law, if a person vio-lates subsection (c), the Secretary shall— (i) assess a civil penalty against the person of not less than $2,500 but not more than $5,000; and (ii) confiscate all horses in the physical or legal possession of the person at the time of arrest, if the horses are intended for slaugh-ter. (B) R
EMISSION OR MITIGATION OF PEN -
ALTIES .—For good cause shown, the Sec-retary may remit or mitigate any civil pen-alty under this section. (C) D
EBARMENT .—The Secretary shall pro-hibit a person from importing, exporting, transporting, trading, or selling horses in the United States, if the Secretary finds that the person has engaged in a pattern or prac-tice of actions that have resulted in a final judicial or administrative determination with respect to the assessment of criminal or civil penalties for violations of this section. (3) N
OTICE ; HEARING .—No monetary penalty may be assessed against a person for a viola-tion under this subsection unless the person is given notice and opportunity for a hearing with respect to the violation in accordance with section 554 of title 5, United States Code. (4) SEPARATE OFFENSES .— (A) L
IVE HORSE .—Each live horse trans-ported, traded, slaughtered, or possessed in violation of this section shall constitute a separate offense. (B) H
ORSEFLESH .—Each 400 hundred pounds or less of horseflesh transported, traded, slaughtered, or possessed in violation of this section shall constitute a separate offense. (e) E
NFORCEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-force this section directly or by agreement with any other Federal, State, or local agen-cy. (2) A
DMINISTRATION .—Any person author-ized by the Secretary to enforce this sec-tion— (A) may execute any warrant or process issued by any officer or court of competent jurisdiction to enforce this section; and (B) if so authorized, may, in addition to any other authority conferred by law— (i) with or without warrant or other proc-ess, arrest any person committing (in the presence or view of the authorized person) a violation of this section (including a regula-tion promulgated under this section); (ii) seize the cargo of any truck or other conveyance used or employed to violate this section (including a regulation promulgated under this section) or that reasonably ap-pears to have been so used or employed; and (iii) seize, whenever and wherever found, all horses and horseflesh possessed in viola-tion of this section (including a regulation promulgated under this section) and dispose of the horses and horseflesh, in accordance with this subsection (including regulations promulgated under this section). (3) P
LACEMENT OF CONFISCATED HORSES .— (A) T
EMPORARY PLACEMENT .—After confis-cation of a live horse under this section, an arresting authority shall work with animal welfare societies and animal control depart-ments— (i) to ensure the temporary placement of the horse with an animal rescue facility that is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code, while the person charged with violating this section is prosecuted; or (ii) if placement at such a facility is not practicable, to temporarily place the horse with— (I) a facility that has as its primary pur-pose the humane treatment of animals; or (II) another suitable location, as deter-mined by the Secretary or arresting author-ity. (B) B
ONDS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The owner of a horse con-fiscated under this section may prevent per-manent placement of the horse by the facil-ity that has temporary custody of the horse by posting a bond with a court of competent jurisdiction in an amount the court deter-mines is sufficient to provide for the nec-essary care and keeping of the horse for at least 60 days, including the day on which the horse was taken into custody. (ii) T
IMING .—The bond shall be filed with the court not later than 10 days after the horse is confiscated. (iii) L
ACK OF BOND .—If a bond is not posted in accordance with this subparagraph, the custodial facility shall determine permanent placement of the horse in accordance with reasonable practices for the humane treat-ment of animals. (iv) T
REATMENT FOLLOWING BOND PERIOD .— (I) N
EW BOND .—If the animal has not yet been returned to the owner at the end of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.057 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4667 June 27, 2018 
time for which expenses are covered by the bond and if the owner desires to prevent per-manent placement of the animal by the cus-todial facility, the owner shall post a new bond with the court within 10 days after ex-piration of the prior bond. (II) P
ERMANENT PLACEMENT .—If a new bond is not posted in accordance with subclause (I), the custodial facility shall determine permanent placement of the horse in accord-ance with reasonable practices for the hu-mane treatment of animals. (v) C
OSTS FOR PROVIDING CARE FOR HORSE  
DEDUCTED FROM BOND .—If a bond is posted in accordance with this subparagraph, the cus-todial facility may draw from the bond the actual reasonable costs incurred by the facil-ity in providing the necessary care and keep-ing of the confiscated horse from the date of the initial confiscation of the horse to the date of final disposition of the horse in the criminal action charging a violation of this section. (C) P
ERMANENT PLACEMENT .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), any horse con-fiscated pursuant to this section and not re-turned to the owner after confiscation shall be placed permanently with an animal res-cue facility or other suitable facility as de-scribed in this section on— (i) the conviction under this section of the owner of the horse; (ii) the surrender of the horse by the owner; (iii) the failure of the owner of the horse to post a bond as required under subparagraph (B); or (iv) the inability of the Secretary to iden-tify the owner. (4) E
UTHANASIA OF HORSES .— (A) E
MERGENCY CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Sec- retary or any law enforcement authority charged with enforcing this section may order or perform the immediate euthanasia of any horse in the field if the horse is in-jured beyond recovery and suffering irrevers-ibly. (B) H
ORSES BEYOND RECOVERY AND  
UNPLACEABLE .—The Secretary or any law en-forcement authority charged with enforcing this section may order a licensed veteri-narian to euthanize any confiscated horse if— (i) the confiscated horse is injured, dis-abled, or diseased beyond recovery; or (ii) placement at an animal rescue facility or other suitable facility, as described in this subsection, is not practicable within 90 days of any circumstance described in paragraph (3)(C). (C) M
ETHOD .—In euthanizing a horse under subparagraph (B), the Secretary, law en-forcement authority charged with enforcing this section, or a licensed veterinarian con-ducting the euthanasia shall use a method of euthanasia rated ‘‘Acceptable’’ for horses in the most recent Report of the American Vet-erinary Medical Association’s Panel on Eu-thanasia. (5) F
UNDING OF ANIMAL RESCUE FACILITIES .— (A) G
RANTS .—Subject to the availability of appropriated funds, the Secretary shall make grants to animal rescue facilities described in paragraph (3)(A)(i) that have given ade-quate assurances to the Secretary that the facilities are willing to accept horses under this section. (B) P
ENALTIES , FINES , AND FORFEITED PROP -
ERTY .—Amounts received as penalties or fines under this section, and property for-feited under this section, shall be used for the care of any live horses seized from viola-tors of this section and taken into the pos-session by the United States or placed with an animal rescue facility or other suitable location. (f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and on an annual basis thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on— (1) actions taken by the Secretary and other Federal agencies to carry out this sec-tion; and (2) the adequacy of resources to carry out this section. (g) EXEMPTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c) and paragraph (2), nothing in this section af-fects the regulation of horses by a State. (2) L
AW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A State or local law en-forcement or arresting authority may take such actions as are necessary under sub-section (e) to enforce this section. (B) E
NFORCEMENT .—A person described in subsection (b)(7)(B) may engage in activities described in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c) solely for the purposes of en-forcing this section. (h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate such regulations as are necessary to carry out this section. (i) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section takes ef-fect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 3298. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘John Stringer Rainey Memo-rial Safeguard American Food Exports Act’’ or the ‘‘SAFE Act’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) unlike cows, pigs, and other domes-ticated species, horses and other members of the equidae family are not raised for the pur-pose of human consumption; (2) equines raised in the United States are frequently treated with substances that are not approved for use in horses intended for human consumption and equine parts are therefore unsafe within the meaning of sec-tion 409 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act; (3) equines raised in the United States are frequently treated with drugs, including phenylbutazone, acepromazine, boldenone undecylenate, omeprazole, ketoprofen, xylazine, hyaluronic acid, nitrofurazone, polysulfated glycosaminoglycan, clenbuterol, tolazoline, and ponazuril, which are not approved for use in horses intended for human consumption and equine parts are therefore unsafe within the meaning of sec-tion 512 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act; and (4) consuming parts of an equine raised in the United States likely poses a serious threat to human health and the public should be protected from these unsafe prod-ucts. (c) P
ROHIBITIONS .—Section 301 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 331) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(eee) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this section— ‘‘(1) equine parts shall be deemed unsafe under section 409 of this Act; ‘‘(2) equine parts shall be deemed unsafe under section 512 of this Act; and ‘‘(3) the knowing sale or transport of equines or equine parts in interstate or for-eign commerce for purposes of human con-sumption is hereby prohibited.’’. SA 3299. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. SLAUGHTER OF HORSES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not— (1) carry out any inspection of horses under section 3 of the Federal Meat Inspec-tion Act (21 U.S.C. 603); (2) carry out any inspection of horses under section 903 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 1901 note; Public Law 104–127); or (3) implement or enforce section 352.19 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations (or a suc-cessor regulation). 
SA 3300. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
After section 7405, insert the following: 
SEC. 7406. INTER-REGIONAL RESEARCH PROJECT NUMBER 4. 
Subsection (e) of the Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act (7 U.S.C. 3157(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $50,000,000 for each fiscal year.’’. 
SA 3301. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self, Mr. L
EE, and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86lll. APPLICATION OF THE ROADLESS AREA CONSERVATION RULE IN THE STATES OF ALASKA AND UTAH. 
The Roadless Area Conservation Rule es-tablished under part 294 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), shall not apply to National Forest System land in the State of Alaska or the State of Utah. 
SA 3302. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86lll. APPLICATION OF THE ROADLESS AREA CONSERVATION RULE IN THE TONGASS NATIONAL FOREST. 
The Roadless Area Conservation Rule es-tablished under part 294 of title 36, Code of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.057 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4668 June 27, 2018 
Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), shall not apply to National Forest System land in the Tongass National Forest in the State of Alaska. 
SA 3303. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 1203, strike lines 20 through 22 and insert the following: (1) fully enforce the Buy American provi-sions applicable to domestic food assistance programs administered by the Food and Nu-trition Service, including, for use in those domestic food assistance programs, the pur-chase of a fish or fish product that substan-tially contains— (A) fish (including tuna) harvested with-in— (i) a State; (ii) the District of Columbia; or (iii) the Exclusive Economic Zone of the United States, as described in Presidential Proclamation 5030 (48 Fed. Reg. 10605; March 10, 1983); or (B) tuna harvested by a United States flagged vessel; and 
SA 3304. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12628. ALTERNATIVE NATIONAL PER RESI-DENT PAYMENT FOR RESIDENTS TRAINING IN RURAL TRAINING LO-CATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(u) A
LTERNATIVE NATIONAL PERRESIDENT  P
AYMENT AMOUNT FOR RESIDENTS TRAINING  
INRURAL TRAINING LOCATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a national per resident payment (NPRP) amount for time spent by residents training in rural training locations in ac-cordance with paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) E
LECTION .—For cost reporting periods beginning on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, an applicable hospital (as defined in paragraph (6)(A)), may elect to receive the payment amount under this subsection for each full-time-equivalent resident in an ap-proved medical residency training program that receives training in a rural training lo-cation in accordance with paragraph (2). An applicable hospital may make an election under the preceding sentence regardless of whether the applicable hospital is otherwise eligible for a payment or adjustment for in-direct and direct graduate medical education costs under subsections (d)(5)(B) and (h) or section 1814(l), as applicable, with respect to such residents. If the applicable hospital is otherwise eligible for such a payment or ad-justment, the national per resident payment amount under this subsection shall be in lieu of such payment or adjustment. ‘‘(C) APPLICATION .—The provisions of this subsection, or the application of such provi-sions to an applicable hospital, shall not re-sult in or otherwise effect the following: ‘‘(i) The establishment of a limitation on the number of residents in allopathic or os-teopathic medicine for purposes of sub-sections (d)(5)(B) and (h) with respect to an approved medical residency training pro-gram of an applicable hospital (or be taken into account in determining such a limita-tion during the cap building period of an ap-plicable hospital). ‘‘(ii) The determination of— ‘‘(I) the additional payment amount under subsection (d)(5)(B); or ‘‘(II) hospital-specific approved FTE resi-dent amounts under subsection (h). ‘‘(iii) The counting of any resident with re-spect to which the applicable hospital re-ceives a national per resident payment under this subsection towards the application of the limitation described in clause (i) for pur-poses of subsections (d)(5)(B) and (h). ‘‘(2) P
AYMENT AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) B
ASE AMOUNT .—The national per resi-dent payment amount, with respect to full- time equivalent residents training in rural training locations, for cost reporting periods beginning during the first year beginning on or after the date of enactment of this sub-section shall be, based on the most recently available data with respect to cost reporting periods beginning during a preceding year (referred to in this subparagraph as the ‘base cost reporting period’), equal to the sum of the following: ‘‘(i) D
IRECT GME .—The amount that, out of all of the payment amounts (determined on a per resident basis) received by hospitals under subsection (h) for such base cost re-porting period, is equal to the national 85th percentile of such payment amounts. ‘‘(ii) I
NDIRECT GME .—The amount that, out of all of the additional payment amounts (determined on a per resident basis) received by hospitals under subsection (d)(5)(B) for such base cost reporting period, is equal to the national 85th percentile of such payment amounts. ‘‘(B) U
PDATING FOR SUBSEQUENT COST RE -
PORTING PERIODS .—For each subsequent cost reporting period, the national per resident payment amount is equal to such amount de-termined under this paragraph for the pre-vious cost reporting period updated, through the midpoint of the period, by projecting the estimated percentage change in the con-sumer price index during the 12-month pe-riod ending at that midpoint, with appro-priate adjustments to reflect previous under- or over-estimations under this subparagraph in the projected percentage change in the consumer price index. ‘‘(C) C
LARIFICATION .—The national per resi-dent payment amount shall not be dis-counted or otherwise adjusted based on the Medicare patient load (as defined in sub-section (h)(3)(C)) of an applicable hospital or discharges in a diagnosis-related group. ‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION OF PAYMENTS .—In pro- viding for payments under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide for an allocation of such payments between parts A and part B (and the trust funds established under the re-spective parts) as reasonably reflects the proportion of such costs associated with the provision of services under each respective part. ‘‘(4) E
LIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An applicable hospital shall be eligible for payment of the national per resident payment amount under this sub-section for time spent by a resident training in a rural training location if the following requirements are met: ‘‘(i) The resident spends the equivalent of at least 8 weeks over the course of their training in a rural training location. ‘‘(ii) The hospital pays the salary and bene-fits of the resident for the time spent train-ing in a rural training location. ‘‘(B) TREATMENT OF TIME SPENT IN RURAL  
TRACKS .—An applicable hospital shall be eli-gible for payment of the national per resi-dent payment amount under this subsection for all time spent by residents in an ap-proved medical residency program (or sepa-rately defined track within a program) that provides 50 percent or more of the total resi-dency training time in rural training loca-tions (as defined in paragraph (6)(C)), regard-less of where the training occurs and regard-less of specialty. ‘‘(5) D
ETERMINATION OF FULL -TIME-EQUIVA -
LENT RESIDENTS .—The determination of full- time-equivalent residents for purposes of this subsection shall be made in the same manner as the determination of full-time- equivalent residents under subsection (h)(4). ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
PPLICABLE HOSPITAL .—The term ‘ap-plicable hospital’ means a hospital or crit-ical access hospital. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVED MEDICAL RESIDENCY TRAIN -
ING PROGRAM ; DIRECT GRADUATE MEDICAL EDU -
CATION COSTS ; RESIDENT .—The terms ‘ap-proved medical residency training program’, ‘direct graduate medical education costs’, and ‘resident’ have the meanings given those terms in subsection (h)(5). ‘‘(C) R
URAL TRAINING LOCATION .—The term ‘rural training location’ means a location in which training occurs that, based on the 2010 census or any subsequent census adjustment, meets one or more of the following criteria: ‘‘(i) The training occurs in a location that is a rural area (as defined in section 1886(d)(2)(D)). ‘‘(ii) The training occurs in a location that has a rural-urban commuting area code equal to or greater than 4.0. ‘‘(iii) The training occurs in a location that is within 10 miles of a sole community hospital (as defined in subsection (d)(5)(D)(iii))). ‘‘(7) B
UDGET NEUTRALITY REQUIREMENT .— The Secretary shall ensure that aggregate payments for direct medical education costs and indirect medical education costs under this title, including any payments under this subsection, for each year (effective beginning on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection) are not greater than the aggregate payments for such costs that would have been made under this title for the year without the applica-tion of this subsection. For purposes of car-rying out the budget neutrality requirement under the preceding sentence, the Secretary may make appropriate adjustments to the amount of such payments for direct graduate medical education costs and indirect medical education costs under subsections (h) and (d)(5)(B), respectively.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CRITICAL ACCESS HOS-
PITALS AND SOLECOMMUNITY HOSPITALS .— (1) C
RITICAL ACCESS HOSPITALS .—Section 1814(l) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395f(l)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) For cost reporting periods beginning on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the fol-lowing shall apply: ‘‘(A) A critical access hospital may elect to be treated as a hospital or as a non-provider setting for purposes of counting resident time for indirect medical education costs and direct graduate medical education costs for the time spent by the resident in that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.058 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4669 June 27, 2018 
setting under subsections (d)(5)(B) and (h), respectively, of section 1886. ‘‘(B) Medical education costs shall not be considered reasonable costs of a critical ac-cess hospital for purposes of payment under paragraph (1), to the extent that the critical access hospital or another hospital receives payment for such costs for the time spent by the resident in that setting pursuant to sub-section (d)(5)(B), subsection (h), or sub-section (u) of section 1886.’’. (2) S
OLE COMMUNITY HOSPITALS .—Section 1886(d)(5)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(D)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vi) For cost reporting periods beginning on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the hos-pital-specific payment amount determined under clause (i)(I) with respect to a sole com-munity hospital shall not include medical education costs, to the extent that the sole community hospital receives payment for such costs for the time spent by the resident in that setting pursuant to subsection (u).’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 1886 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww) is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(5)(B), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (u), the Secretary’’; and (B) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘subject to subsection (u)’’ after ‘‘1861(v),’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), in the flush matter at the end, by striking ‘‘subsection (k)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (k) or subsection (u)’’. 
SEC. 12629. SUPPORTING NEW, EXPANDING, AND EXISTING RURAL TRAINING TRACK RESIDENCIES. 
(a) D IRECT GRADUATE MEDICAL EDU-
CATION .—Section 1886(h) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (F)(i)— (i) by striking ‘‘130 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘for cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 1997, and before the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, 130 percent’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For cost reporting periods beginning on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, such rules shall provide that any full-time-equivalent resident in an approved medical residency program (or separately de-fined track within a program) that provides 50 percent or more of the total residency training time in rural training locations (as defined in subsection (u)(6)(C)), regardless of where the training occurs and regardless of specialty, shall not be taken into account for purposes of applying the limitation under this subparagraph.’’. ; and (B) in subparagraph (H)— (i) in clause (i), in the second sentence, by inserting the following before the period: ‘‘, in accordance with the second sentence of clause (i) of such subparagraph’’; (ii) in clause (iv), by inserting the fol-lowing before the period: ‘‘, in accordance with the second sentence of clause (i) of such subparagraph’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(L) S
PECIAL RULES REGARDING APPLICATION  
OF NATIONAL PER RESIDENT PAYMENT  
AMOUNT .—For special rules regarding appli-cation of the national per resident payment amount under subsection (u), see paragraph (1)(C) of such subsection.’’. (b) I
NDIRECT MEDICAL EDUCATION .—Section 1886(d)(5)(B)(v) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘130 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘for cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 1997, and before the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, 130 percent’’; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For cost reporting periods beginning on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of en-actment of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, such rules shall provide that any full- time-equivalent resident in an approved medical residency program (or separately de-fined track within a program) that provides 50 percent or more of the total residency training time in rural training locations (as defined in subsection (u)(6)(C)), regardless of where the training occurs and regardless of specialty, shall not be taken into account for purposes of applying the limitation under this subparagraph. For special rules regard-ing application of the national per resident payment amount under subsection (u), see paragraph (1)(C) of such subsection.’’. SA 3305. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Beginning on page 360, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 363, line 9, and insert the following: (c) S
TATE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS .—Sec- tion 16(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(d)) is amended— (1) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘S
TATE PERFORMANCE INDICA -
TORS .—’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
AND THEREAFTER ’’ and inserting ‘‘ THROUGH  
2017’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2005 and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and insert-ing ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2017’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2005 and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2017’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)’’; (4) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), respec-tively; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) F
ISCAL YEAR 2018 AND THEREAFTER .— With respect to fiscal year 2018 and each fis-cal year thereafter, the Secretary shall es-tablish, by regulation, performance criteria relating to— ‘‘(A) actions taken to correct errors, re-duce rates of error, and improve eligibility determinations; and ‘‘(B) other indicators of effective adminis-tration determined by the Secretary.’’. 
SA 3306. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: On page 324, strike lines 24 and 25 and in-sert the following: (2) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (12)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘due to inactivity.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘due to— ‘‘(i) inactivity; or ‘‘(ii) the death of all members of the house-hold.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘household after a period of 12 months.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘household— ‘‘(i) after a period of 6 months; or ‘‘(ii) on verification that all members of the household are deceased.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (13) and inserting the following: 
SA 3307. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON LOANS FOR ORGANIC LOAN COMMODITIES. 
Subtitle B of title I of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9031 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1211. REPORT ON LOANS FOR ORGANIC LOAN COMMODITIES. 
‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Farm Service Agency, shall submit to Con-gress a report that includes— ‘‘(1) an assessment of the demand of pro-ducers for market assistance loans for loan commodities that are certified organic dur-ing the 2014 through 2018 crop years, orga-nized by State and type of loan commodity; ‘‘(2) an evaluation of the ability to adjust nonrecourse loan rates under section 1210 for loan commodities that are certified organic; ‘‘(3) an analysis of the expected impact of the adjustment described in paragraph (2) on loan rates for loan commodities that are not certified organic; ‘‘(4) an analysis on whether premiums as-sociated with loan commodities that are cer-tified organic are sufficiently significant to affect loan rates for loan commodities that are not certified organic; ‘‘(5) an evaluation of the risks and benefits of developing a program to provide non-recourse marketing assistance loans for loan commodities that are certified organic that includes a premium paid at the time that the loan is made; ‘‘(6) an evaluation of the logistics of— ‘‘(A) verifying the certification of loan commodities that are certified organic; ‘‘(B) storing those commodities; and ‘‘(C) handling commodities that are for-feited to maintain segregation of those com-modities; and ‘‘(7) any other relevant information, as de-termined by the Secretary.’’. 
SA 3308. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.056 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4670 June 27, 2018 
amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12519. STUDY ON THE AVAILABILITY OF AG-RICULTURAL CREDIT IN INDIAN COUNTRY. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— (1) conduct an in-depth analysis into the nature of agricultural credit access in Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code) and surrounding areas, and to Tribal communities, specifically ex-amining— (A) compliance with the Community Rein-vestment Act of 1977 (12 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.) by banks lending within Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code) and surrounding areas, and to Tribal communities, for agricultural enter-prises; (B) real estate mortgage lending on Indian trust land; (C) agricultural credit provided by com-mercial banks and lending institutions; (D) compliance with section 184 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a); and (E) compliance with the authority for the approval of mortgages and deeds for indi-vidual Indian trust land owners under the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize the execu-tion of mortgages and deeds of trust on indi-vidual Indian trust or restricted land’’, ap-proved March 29, 1956 (25 U.S.C. 5135); and (2) submit a report with all findings and recommended actions to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. 
SA 3309. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. FEDERAL RESEARCH INVOLVING CATS AND DOGS. 
Section 14 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2144) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘sections 13(a), (f), (g), and (h)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsections (a), (f), (g), and (h) of section 13’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Any department’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) E
XHIBITIONS .—Any department’’; (3) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘Any department’’ in the first sentence and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 14. STANDARDS FOR FEDERAL FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) L ABORATORIES .—Any department’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) RESEARCH INVOLVING CATS AND DOGS.— The Secretary shall conduct a study of the practicability of providing for the adoption, as the Secretary determines to be appro-priate, of any cats and dogs that— ‘‘(1) are, or have been, located at any re-search facility of the Department of Agri-culture at which research, testing, or experi-mentation on cats or dogs is conducted; and ‘‘(2) are no longer needed for that research, testing, or experimentation.’’. 
SA 3310. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH (for herself, Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. U
DALL )) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by Mr. D
URBIN to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING AND CERTAIN FEDERAL BENEFITS. 
(a) E XCLUSION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR  H
OUSING .—Section 403(k) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) In determining eligibility to partici-pate in any Federal program issuing benefits for nutrition assistance (including the Fam-ily Subsistence Supplemental Allowance pro-gram under section 402a of this title), the value of a housing allowance under this sec-tion shall be excluded from any calculation of income, assets, or resources.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 5(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (19)(B), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(20) any allowance under section 403 of title 37, United States Code.’’. 
SA 3311. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. D
URBIN  to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the re-form and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In subtitle D of title II, add at the end the following: 
SEC. 24lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO INCREASED COLLABORATION FOR CONSERVATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that there should be increased coordination and col-laboration with respect to conservation among the Department of Agriculture, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Corps of Engineers. 
SA 3312. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 11ll. NONRECOURSE CONSERVATION AND BEGINNING FARMERS LOAN ASSIST-ANCE PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE COMMODITY .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble commodity’’ means corn, soybeans, and wheat. (2) Q
UALIFIED PRODUCER .—The term ‘‘quali-fied producer’’ means a producer eligible for a nonrecourse marketing loan under section 1201 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9031) that agrees to not apply for that loan for any eligible commodity in each of the 2019 through 2023 crop years. (b) N
ONRECOURSE CONSERVATION AND BEGIN-
NING FARMERS LOANASSISTANCE PILOT PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary shall establish a non-recourse conservation and beginning farmers loan assistance pilot program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘pilot program’’) to make available to qualified producers on a farm nonrecourse conservation assistance loans for each eligible commodity for each of the 2019 through 2023 crop years. (c) E
LIGIBLE PRODUCTION .—A qualified pro-ducer on a farm shall be eligible for a loan under the pilot program for any quantity of an eligible commodity produced on the farm. (d) L
OAN RATES FOR NONRECOURSE CON-
SERVATION ASSISTANCE LOANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), for purposes of each of the 2019 through 2023 crop years, the loan rate for a loan under the pilot program for an eligible commodity shall be— (A) for beginning farmers and ranchers (as determined by the Secretary), 70 percent of the national average price received by pro-ducers during the 12-month marketing year for the eligible commodity for the 5 crop years immediately prior to the crop year in which the conservation assistance loan will be made, excluding— (i) the crop year with the highest price; and (ii) the crop year with the lowest price; and (B) for qualified producers not described in subparagraph (A), 55 percent of the national average price received by producers during the 12-month marketing year for the eligible commodity for the 5 crop years immediately prior to the crop year in which the conserva-tion assistance loan will be made, exclud-ing— (i) the crop year with the highest price; and (ii) the crop year with the lowest price. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR COVER CROPS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a qualified producer who agrees to plant a cover crop on acres associated with the eligible com-modity, the applicable loan rate under para-graph (1) shall be increased by an amount equal to $0.20 per bushel. (B) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO PLANT COVER  
CROP .—In the case of a qualified producer who is prevented from planting a cover crop due to weather or other natural events that interfered with the planting of a cover crop (as determined by the Secretary), the quali-fied producer shall be eligible for the loan rate described in subparagraph (A). (e) T
ERMS OF LOANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of each eligi-ble commodity, a loan under the pilot pro-gram shall have a term of 9 months begin-ning on the first day of the first month after the month in which the loan is made. (2) E
XTENSIONS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not extend the term of a loan under the pilot program for any eligible commodity. (f) R
EPAYMENT OF LOANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall per-mit the qualified producers on a farm to repay a loan under the pilot program for an eligible commodity at a rate that is the less-er of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.059 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4671 June 27, 2018 
(A) the loan rate established under sub-section (d); (B) a rate that is equal to the expected market price for the eligible commodity as calculated for crop insurance, as determined by the Secretary; and (C) such other rate the Secretary deter-mines will avoid or minimize potential loan forfeitures. (2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—The Secretary shall make such adjustments that the Secretary determines necessary— (A) to avoid forfeiture or the accumulation of stocks of the commodities placed under a loan under the pilot program; (B) to minimize the costs incurred by the Federal Government; (C) to allow the commodity produced to be marketed freely and competitively, both do-mestically and internationally; and (D) to minimize discrepancies in conserva-tion loan benefits across State boundaries and across county boundaries. (g) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENTS .—As a con-dition of the receipt of a loan under the pilot program, the qualified producer shall, during the crop year in which the loan was pro-vided— (1) comply with applicable conservation re-quirements under subtitle B of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3811 et seq.) and applicable wetland protection re-quirements under subtitle C of title XII of that Act (16 U.S.C. 3821 et seq.); (2) agree to use a reduced tillage method and nutrient management practices (as de-termined by the Secretary to be appropriate for soil health management) for the acres as-sociated with the commodity covered by the loan; and (3) in the case of a loan calculated under subsection (d)(2), agree to plant a cover crop on the acres associated with the eligible commodity, as determined by the Secretary to be appropriate. (h) F
ARM SERVICE AGENCY REPORT .—The Administrator of the Farm Service Agency shall submit an annual report to the Sec-retary that includes the information with re-spect to the compliance requirements de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (g) with respect to each loan under the pilot program that was fully repaid in the preceding fiscal year. 
SA 3313. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 43lll. PREVENTING CHILDHOOD DIETARY EXPOSURE TO CHLOPYRIFOS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning with the 2018- 2019 school year, the Secretary shall phase out all food that has been treated with, or has levels in excess of the threshold estab-lished by the Secretary under subsection (b)(1) of, chlorpyrifos residue in food— (1) in school meals provided under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); (2) in school meals provided under the school breakfast program established by sec-tion 4 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1773); and (3) provided by the Department of Defense Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall— (1) establish a threshold for chlorpyrifos for the food described in subsection (a) of not more than .001 micrograms of chlorpyrifos per kilogram of food, as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary; (2) provide guidance, in consultation with State and local educational agencies, to eliminate chlorpyrifos from meals provided by schools, which may include guidance or criteria related to food procurement or sup-ply contract policies; (3) periodically update the guidance de-scribed in paragraph (2); and (4) provide technical assistance to State and local educational agencies to enforce the requirements of this section. (c) REVIEW BY THE SECRETARY .—Not later than January 1, 2020, and every 2 years there-after until January 1, 2028, the Secretary shall conduct a review to evaluate whether, based on reports provided by State and local educational agencies, any of the food de-scribed in subsection (a) exceeds the thresh-old for chlorpyrifos established by the Sec-retary under subsection (b)(1). 
SA 3314. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125ll. PROHIBITION ON CONVENTIONAL ETHANOL. 
(a) D EFINITION OF CONVENTIONAL ETH-
ANOL .—In this section, the term ‘‘conven-tional ethanol’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘conventional biofuel’’ in section 211(o)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7545(o)(1)). (b) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not use any funds authorized under this Act or an amendment made by this Act to provide a grant or other financial support to any in-dividual or entity for the development and production of conventional ethanol. 
SA 3315. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 254, line 18, strike ‘‘226(c)(4)’’ and insert ‘‘226(c)(3)’’. On page 254, strike lines 23 and 24 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(a) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out section 222 $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(2) C
OMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION .—In addition to the amounts made available under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall use, in accordance with subsection (b), the funds, facilities, and authorities of the On page 255, line 5, strike ‘‘$259,500,000’’ and insert ‘‘$59,500,000’’. On page 255, strike lines 9 through 14 and insert the following: ‘‘(1) F
OREIGN MARKET DEVELOPMENT COOP - On page 255, line 19, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert ‘‘(2)’’. On page 255, line 24, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(3)’’. On page 256, line 4, strike ‘‘(5)’’ and insert ‘‘(4)’’. On page 256, line 7, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(3)’’. On page 257, line 7, strike ‘‘subsection (c)(5)’’ and insert ‘‘subsection (c)(4)’’. SA 3316. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lll. INVESTIGATIONS AND INSPEC-TIONS OF RESEARCH FACILITIES UNDER THE ANIMAL WELFARE ACT. 
Section 16(a) of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2146(a)) is amended, in the second sen-tence, by striking ‘‘inspect each research fa-cility at least once each year’’ and inserting ‘‘determine the frequency of inspections for research facilities through the risk-based in-spection system process, consistent with the treatment of other regulated entities under this Act,’’. 
SA 3317. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in the Act shall go into ef-fect 4 days after enactment. 
SA 3318. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 1 day after enactment. 
SA 3319. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in the Act shall go into ef-fect 2 days after enactment. 
SA 3320. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in the Act shall go into ef-fect 3 days after enactment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.059 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4672 June 27, 2018 
SA 3321. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1602. ADDITIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR CER-TAIN PRODUCERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF QUALIFYING NATURAL  D
ISASTER DECLARATION .—In this section, the term ‘‘qualifying natural disaster declara-tion’’ means— (1) a natural disaster declared by the Sec-retary under section 321(a) of the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1961(a)); or (2) a major disaster or emergency des-ignated by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF ADDITIONAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—As soon as practicable after October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall make available assistance under section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333) to producers of an eligible crop (as defined in subsection (a)(2) of that section) that suffered losses in a county cov-ered by a qualifying natural disaster declara-tion for production losses due to volcanic ac-tivity. (c) A
MOUNT .—The Secretary shall make as-sistance available under subsection (b) in an amount equal to the amount of assistance determined under section 196(d) of the Fed-eral Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333(d)), less any fees that are owed by producers under section 196(k) of that Act (7 U.S.C. 7333(k)). 
SA 3322. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 61ll. CONSIDERATION OF FUNDING CHAL-LENGES. 
Section 333A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1983a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) C
ONSIDERATION OF FUNDING CHAL-
LENGES .—In making a determination on an application for a loan, loan guarantee, or grant under this title, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, consider the funding challenges posed by any large quantity of Federal land in or near a commu-nity or county in which the project to be carried out using the loan, loan guarantee, or grant is located.’’. At the end of subtitle B of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 62ll. CONSIDERATION OF FUNDING CHAL-LENGES. 
Section 4 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 904) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
ONSIDERATION OF FUNDING CHAL-
LENGES .—In making a determination on an application for a loan, loan guarantee, or grant under this Act, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, consider the funding challenges posed by any large quantity of Federal land in or near a commu-nity or county in which the project to be carried out using the loan, loan guarantee, or grant is located.’’. SA 3323. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. EXTENSION AND AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH AT 1890 LAND-GRANT COLLEGES, INCLUDING TUSKEGEE UNIVERSITY. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1444 of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3221) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 , 2020, 2021, OR 2022 .—In addition to other amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated for 1 of fis-cal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022 such sums as are necessary to ensure that an eligible in-stitution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for that fiscal year re-ceives not less than the amount of funds re-ceived by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the undesignated matter following paragraph (2)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2) of this sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘this paragraph’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘In computing’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) In computing’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Of the remainder’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in paragraph (4), of the remainder’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(2) any funds’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNT .—Any funds’’; (C) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘are allocated’’ and insert-ing ‘‘were allocated’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘, as so designated as of that date.’’; (D) by striking ‘‘(b) Beginning’’ in the mat-ter preceding paragraph (1) and all that fol-lows through ‘‘any funds’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Funds made available under this section shall be distributed among eligible institutions in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(2) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Any funds’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL AMOUNT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 , 
2020, 2021, OR 2022 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), for 1 of fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, if the calculation under paragraph (3)(B) would result in a distribution of less than $3,000,000 to an eligible institution that first received funds under this section after the date of enactment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 649) for a fiscal year, that institution shall receive a distribution of $3,000,000 for that fiscal year. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply only if amounts are appropriated under subsection (a)(5) to ensure that an eli-gible institution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, as applicable, receives not less than the amount of funds received by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’. (b) R
ESEARCH .—Section 1445 of the Na-tional Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 (7 U.S.C. 3222) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 , 2020, 2021, OR 2022 .—In addition to other amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated for 1 of fis-cal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022 such sums as are necessary to ensure that an eligible in-stitution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for that fiscal year re-ceives not less than the amount of funds re-ceived by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL AMOUNT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 , 
2020, 2021, OR 2022 .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), for 1 of fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, if the calculation under subparagraph (C) would re-sult in a distribution of less than $3,000,000 to an eligible institution that first received funds under this section after the date of en-actment of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 649), that institution shall receive a distribution of $3,000,000 for that fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—Clause (i) shall apply only if amounts are appropriated under sub-section (a)(6) to ensure that an eligible insti-tution receiving a distribution of funds under this section for fiscal year 2019, 2020, 2021, or 2022, as applicable, receives not less than the amount of funds received by that eligible institution under this section for the preceding fiscal year.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(B) Of funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNT .—Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (D), of funds’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘are allocated’’ and insert-ing ‘‘were allocated’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘, as so designated as of that date’’ before the period at the end; and (III) by striking ‘‘(A) Funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Funds’’; and (iv) in the matter preceding subparagraph (B) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘(2) The’’ and all that follows through ‘‘follows:’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After allocating amounts under paragraph (2), the remainder shall be allotted among the eligible institu-tions in accordance with this paragraph.’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) Three per centum’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—3 percent’’; and (C) in the matter preceding paragraph (2) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘(b) Begin-ning’’ and all that follows through ‘‘follows:’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Funds made available under this section shall be distributed among eligible institutions in accordance with this subsection.’’. 
SA 3324. Mrs. HYDE–SMITH (for her-self, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.070 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4673 June 27, 2018 
COTTON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. B URR, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 26, line 16, strike ‘‘2020’’ and insert ‘‘2023’’. 
SA 3325. Mrs. HYDE–SMITH sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10lll. REPORT ON REGULATION OF PLANT BIOSTIMULANTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PLANT BIOSTIMULANT .—In this section, the term ‘‘plant biostimulant’’ means a substance or microorganism that, when applied to seeds, plants, or the rhizosphere, stimulates natural processes to enhance or benefit nutrient uptake, nutrient efficiency, tolerance to abiotic stress, or crop quality and yield. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the President and Congress a report that identifies potential regulatory and legislative reforms to ensure the expeditious and appropriate review, ap-proval, uniform national labeling, and avail-ability of plant biostimulant products to ag-ricultural producers. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the report under subsection (b), the Secretary shall consult with the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, States, indus-try stakeholders, and any other stakeholders that the Secretary determines to be nec-essary. 
SA 3326. Mrs. HYDE–SMITH sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 61ll. EXPANDING ACCESS TO CREDIT FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES. 
(a) C ERTAIN PROGRAMS UNDER THE CONSOLI -
DATED FARM AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT ACT.— Section 343(a)(13) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
AND GUAR -
ANTEED ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and guaranteed’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘(1), (2), and (24)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(1) and (2)’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘and guaranteed’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(21), and (24)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and (21)’’. (b) RURAL BROADBAND PROGRAM .—Section 601(b)(3)(A)(ii) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 950bb(b)(3)(A)(ii)) is amended by inserting ‘‘in the case of a direct loan,’’ before ‘‘a city’’. 
SA 3327. Mrs. HYDE–SMITH sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. DEFINITION OF RURAL AREA FOR PUR-POSES OF THE HOUSING ACT OF 1949. 
The second sentence of section 520 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1490) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘or 2010 decennial census’’ and inserting ‘‘2010, or 2020 decennial cen-sus’’; (2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2010,’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2020,’’ ; and (3) by striking ‘‘year 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘year 2030’’. 
SA 3328. Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 125lllll. REPORT ON FUNDING FOR THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE AND OTHER EXTEN-SION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the census of agri-culture required to be conducted in calendar year 2017 under section 2 of the Census of Ag-riculture Act of 1997 (7 U.S.C. 2204g) is re-leased, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report that describes the funding nec-essary to adequately address the needs of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, activities carried out under the Smith-Lever Act (7 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), and research and extension programs carried out at an 1890 In-stitution (as defined in section 2 of the Agri-cultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7601)) or an insti-tution designated under the Act of July 2, 1862 (commonly known as the ‘‘First Morrill Act’’) (12 Stat. 503, chapter 130; 7 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), to provide adequate services for the growth and development of the economies of rural communities based on the changing de-mographic in the rural and farming commu-nities in the various States. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall focus on the funding needs of the programs described in subsection (a) with respect to carrying out activities relating to small and diverse farms and ranches, veteran farmers and ranchers, value-added agriculture, di-rect-to-consumer sales, and specialty crops. SA 3329. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 43ll. REPORT ON FOOD DISTRIBUTION PROGRAMS REACHING UNDER-SERVED POPULATIONS. 
The Secretary shall conduct a study on the challenges that the food distribution pro-gram on Indian reservations established under section 4(b) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2013(b)) and other food distribution programs administered by the Secretary face in reaching underserved popu-lations, with an emphasis on the homebound and the elderly, to better capture data on the population of people unable to physically travel to a distribution location for food. 
SA 3330. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 63ll. COUNCIL ON RURAL COMMUNITY IN-NOVATION AND ECONOMIC DEVEL-OPMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) 16 percent of the population of the United States lives in rural counties. (2) Strong, sustainable rural communities are essential to future prosperity and ensur-ing United States competitiveness in the years ahead. (3) Rural communities supply the food, fiber, and energy of the United States, safe-guard the natural resources of the United States, and are essential to the development of science and innovation. (4) Though rural communities face numer-ous challenges, they also present enormous economic potential. (5) The Federal Government has an impor-tant role to play in expanding access to the capital necessary for economic growth, pro-moting innovation, increasing energy resil-iency and reliability, improving access to health care and education, and expanding outdoor recreational activities on public land. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to enhance the efforts of the Federal Gov-ernment to address the needs of rural areas in the United States by— (1) establishing a council to better coordi-nate Federal programs directed to rural communities; (2) maximizing the impact of Federal in-vestment to promote economic prosperity and quality of life in rural communities in the United States; and (3) using innovation to resolve local and re-gional challenges faced by rural commu-nities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.070 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4674 June 27, 2018 
(c) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Council on Rural Community Innovation and Economic Development (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Council’’). (d) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The membership of the Council shall be composed of the heads of the following executive branch departments, agencies, and offices: (A) The Department of Agriculture. (B) The Department of the Treasury. (C) The Department of Defense. (D) The Department of Justice. (E) The Department of the Interior. (F) The Department of Commerce. (G) The Department of Labor. (H) The Department of Health and Human Services. (I) The Department of Housing and Urban Development. (J) The Department of Transportation. (K) The Department of Energy. (L) The Department of Education. (M) The Department of Veterans Affairs. (N) The Department of Homeland Security. (O) The Environmental Protection Agency. (P) The Federal Communications Commis-sion. (Q) The Office of Management and Budget. (R) The Office of Science and Technology Policy. (S) The Office of National Drug Control Policy. (T) The Council of Economic Advisers. (U) The Domestic Policy Council. (V) The National Economic Council. (W) The Small Business Administration. (X) The Council on Environmental Quality. (Y) The White House Office of Public En-gagement. (Z) The White House Office of Cabinet Af-fairs. (AA) Such other executive branch depart-ments, agencies, and offices as the President or the Secretary may, from time to time, designate. (2) C
HAIR.—The Secretary shall serve as the Chair of the Council. (3) D
ESIGNEES .—A member of the Council may designate, to perform the Council func-tions of the member, a senior-level official who is— (A) part of the department, agency, or of-fice of the member; and (B) a full-time officer or employee of the Federal Government. (4) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Council shall co-ordinate policy development through the rural development mission area. (e) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall provide funding and administrative support for the Council to the extent permitted by law and within existing appropriations. (f) M
ISSION AND FUNCTION OF THE COUN-
CIL.—The Council shall work across execu-tive departments, agencies, and offices to co-ordinate development of policy recommenda-tions— (1) to maximize the impact of Federal in-vestment of rural communities; (2) to promote economic prosperity and quality of life in rural communities; and (3) to use innovation to resolve local and regional challenges faced by rural commu-nities. (g) D
UTIES .—The Council shall— (1) make recommendations to the Presi-dent, acting through the Director of the Do-mestic Policy Council and the Director of the National Economic Council, on stream-lining and leveraging Federal investments in rural areas, where appropriate, to increase the impact of Federal dollars and create eco-nomic opportunities to improve the quality of life in rural areas in the United States; (2) coordinate and increase the effective-ness of Federal engagement with rural stake-holders, including agricultural organiza-tions, small businesses, education and train-ing institutions, health-care providers, tele-communications services providers, electric service providers, transportation providers, research and land grant institutions, law en-forcement, State, local, and tribal govern-ments, and nongovernmental organizations regarding the needs of rural areas in the United States; (3) coordinate Federal efforts directed to-ward the growth and development of rural geographic regions that encompass both metropolitan and nonmetropolitan areas; (4) identify and facilitate rural economic opportunities associated with energy devel-opment, outdoor recreation, and other con-servation related activities; and (5) identify common economic and social challenges faced by rural communities that could be served through— (A) better coordination of existing Federal and non-Federal resources; and (B) innovative solutions utilizing govern-mental and nongovernmental resources. (h) EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS AND AGEN-
CIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The heads of executive de-partments and agencies shall assist and pro-vide information to the Council, consistent with applicable law, as may be necessary to carry out the functions of the Council. (2) E
XPENSES .—Each executive department or agency shall be responsible for paying any expenses of the executive department or agency for participating in the Council. (i) R
EPORT ON RURAL SMART COMMU -
NITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the establishment of the Council, the Coun-cil shall submit to Congress a report describ-ing efforts of rural areas to integrate ‘‘smart’’ technology into their communities to solve challenges relating to energy, trans-portation, health care, law enforcement, housing, or other relevant local issues, as de-termined by the Secretary. (2) S
MART RURAL COMMUNITIES .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include a descrip-tion of efforts of rural communities to apply innovative and advanced technologies and related mechanisms (such as telecommuni-cations, energy, transportation, housing, economic development)— (A) to improve the health and quality of life of residents; (B) to increase the efficiency and cost-ef-fectiveness of civic operations and services, including public safety and other vital public functions; (C) to promote economic growth; (D) to enhance the use of electricity in the community and reduce pollution; and (E) to create a more sustainable and resil-ient community. (3) O
THER INCLUSIONS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an analysis of efforts to integrate ‘‘smart’’ technology into rural communities across the United States; (B) an analysis of barriers and challenges faced by rural areas in integrating ‘‘smart’’ technology into their communities; (C) an analysis of Federal efforts to assist rural areas with the development and inte-gration of ‘‘smart’’ technology into rural communities; (D) recommendations, if any, on how to improve coordination and deployment of Federal efforts to assist rural areas develop and integrate ‘‘smart’’ technology into their communities; (E) recommendations, if any, on how rural areas developing ‘‘smart’’ communities can better leverage private sector resources; and (F) guidelines that establish best practices for rural areas that desire to use ‘‘smart’’ technology to overcome local challenges. (j) REVIEW OF PUBLIC BENEFIT TO RURAL  C
OMMUNITIES ON THE CREATION OF RURAL  S
MART COMMUNITY DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On completion of the re-port under subsection (i)(1), the Council shall review the benefits of the creation of a rural smart community demonstration projects program for the purposes of coordinating De-partment of Agriculture rural development, housing, energy, and telecommunication programs, and other Federal programs spe-cific to rural communities, to expand inno-vative technologies and address local chal-lenges specific to rural communities. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—In the review under para-graph (1) the Council shall determine wheth-er a rural smart community demonstration projects program would— (A) demonstrate smart community tech-nologies that can be adapted and repeated by other rural communities; (B) encourage public, private, local, or re-gional best practices that can be replicated by other rural communities; (C) encourage private sector innovation and investment in rural communities; (D) promote a skilled workforce; and (E) promote standards that allow for the measurement and validation of the cost sav-ings and performance improvements associ-ated with the installation and use of smart community technologies and practices. (k) R
URAL SMART COMMUNITY RESOURCE  G
UIDE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Council shall create, publish, and maintain a resource guide de-signed to assist States and other rural com-munities in developing and implementing rural smart community programs. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—A resource guide under paragraph (1) may include— (A) a compilation of existing related Fed-eral and non-Federal programs available to rural communities, including technical as-sistance, education, training, research and development, analysis, and funding; (B) available examples of local rural com-munities engaging private sector entities to implement smart community solutions, in-cluding public-private partnership models that could be used to leverage private sector funding to solve similar local challenges; (C) available examples of proven methods for local rural communities to facilitate in-tegration of smart technologies with new and existing infrastructure and systems; (D) best practices and lessons learned from demonstration projects, including return on investment and performance information to help other rural communities decide how to initiate integration of smart technologies; and (E) such other topics as are requested by industry entities or local governments or de-termined to be necessary by the Council. (3) U
TILIZATION OF EXISTING GUIDES .—In creating, publishing, and maintaining the guide under paragraph (1), the Council shall consider Federal, State, and local guides al-ready published relating to smart commu-nity goals, activities, and best practices— (A) to prevent duplication of efforts by the Federal Government; and (B) to leverage existing complementary ef-forts. (4) R
ESOURCE GUIDE OUTREACH .—The Coun-cil shall conduct outreach to States, coun-ties, communities, and other relevant enti-ties— (A) to provide interested stakeholders with the guide published under paragraph (1); (B) to promote the consideration of smart community technologies and encourage States and local governments to contribute rural smart community program and activ-ity information to the guide published under paragraph (1); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.072 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4675 June 27, 2018 
(C) to identify— (i) barriers to rural smart community technology adoption; and (ii) any research, development, and assist-ance that is needed that could be included in the guide published under paragraph (1); (D) to respond to requests for assistance, advice, or consultation from rural commu-nities; and (E) for other purposes, as identified by the Council. (5) S
UBSEQUENT RESOURCE GUIDES .—The Council shall issue an update to the guide published under paragraph (1) every 5 years. (l) R
URAL BROADBAND INTEGRATION WORK-
INGGROUP .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (A) Access to high-speed broadband is no longer a luxury and is a necessity for United States families, businesses, and consumers. (B) Affordable, reliable access to high- speed broadband is critical to United States economic growth and competitiveness. (C) High-speed broadband enables the peo-ple of the United States to use the Internet in new ways, expands access to health serv-ices and education, increases the produc-tivity of businesses, and drives innovation throughout the digital ecosystem. (D) The private sector and Federal, State, and local governments have made substan-tial investments to expand broadband access in the United States, but more must be done to improve the availability and quality of high-speed broadband, particularly in areas lacking competitive choices. (E) Today, more than 50,000,000 people of the United States cannot purchase a wired broadband connection at speeds that the Federal Communications Commission has defined as the minimum for adequate broadband service, and only 29 percent of people of the United States can choose from more than 1 service provider at that speed. (F) As a result of the statistics described in subparagraph (E), the costs, benefits, and availability of high-speed broadband Inter-net are not evenly distributed, with consid-erable variation among States and between urban and rural areas. (G) The Federal Government has an impor-tant role to play in developing coordinated policies to promote broadband deployment and adoption, including promoting best prac-tices, breaking down regulatory barriers, and encouraging further investment, which will help deliver higher quality, lower cost broadband to more families, businesses, and communities and allow communities to ben-efit fully from those investments. (2) P
OLICY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—It is the policy of the Federal Government for executive depart-ments and agencies having statutory au-thorities applicable to broadband deploy-ment (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘agencies’’) to use all available and appro-priate authorities— (i) to identify and address regulatory bar-riers that may unduly impede either wired broadband deployment or the infrastructure to augment wireless broadband deployment; (ii) to encourage further public and private investment in broadband networks and serv-ices; (iii) to promote the adoption and meaning-ful use of broadband technology; and (iv) to otherwise encourage or support broadband deployment, competition, and adoption in ways that promote the public in-terest. (B) P
RIORITIES .—In carrying out the policy under subparagraph (A), the agencies shall focus on— (i) opportunities to promote broadband adoption and competition through incentives to new entrants in the market for broadband services; (ii) modernizing regulations; (iii) accurately measuring real-time broadband availability and speeds; (iv) increasing broadband access for under-served communities, including in rural areas; (v) exploring opportunities to reduce costs for potential low-income users; and (vi) other possible measures, including sup-porting State, local, and Tribal governments interested in encouraging or investing in high-speed broadband networks. (C) EFFECT .—In carrying out the policy under subparagraph (A), the agencies shall ensure that existing and planned Federal, State, local, and Tribal government missions and capabilities for delivering services to the public, including those missions and capa-bilities relating to national security, public safety, and emergency response, are main-tained. (D) C
OORDINATION .—The agencies shall co-ordinate the policy under subparagraph (A) through the Rural Broadband Integration Working Group established under paragraph (3). (3) E
STABLISHMENT OF RURAL BROADBAND IN -
TEGRATION WORKING GROUP .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—There is established the Rural Broadband Integration Working Group (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Work-ing Group’’). (B) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the Working Group shall be composed of the heads, or their designees, of— (i) the Department of Agriculture; (ii) the Department of Commerce; (iii) the Department of Defense; (iv) the Department of State; (v) the Department of the Interior; (vi) the Department of Labor; (vii) the Department of Health and Human Services; (viii) the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; (ix) the Department of Housing and Urban Development; (x) the Department of Justice; (xi) the Department of Transportation; (xii) the Department of the Treasury; (xiii) the Department of Energy; (xiv) the Department of Education; (xv) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (xvi) the Environmental Protection Agen-cy; (xvii) the General Services Administration; (xviii) the Small Business Administration; (xix) the Institute of Museum and Library Services; (xx) the National Science Foundation; (xxi) the Council on Environmental Qual-ity; (xxii) the Office of Science and Technology Policy; (xxiii) the Office of Management and Budg-et; (xxiv) the Council of Economic Advisers; (xxv) the Domestic Policy Council; (xxvi) the National Economic Council; and (xxvii) such other Federal agencies or enti-ties as are determined appropriate in accord-ance with subparagraph (E). (C) C
O-CHAIRS .—The Secretary and the Sec-retary of Commerce shall serve as the Co- Chairs of the Working Group. (D) C
ONSULTATION ; COORDINATION .— (i) C
ONSULTATION .—The Working Group shall consult, as appropriate, with other rel-evant agencies, including the Federal Com-munications Commission. (ii) C
OORDINATION .—The Working Group shall coordinate with existing Federal work-ing groups and committees involved with broadband. (E) M
EMBERSHIP CHANGES .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The Director of the Na-tional Economic Council and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall review, on a periodic basis, the mem-bership of the Working Group to ensure that the Working Group— (I) includes necessary Federal Government entities; and (II) is an effective mechanism for coordi-nating among agencies on the policy de-scribed in paragraph (2). (ii) C
HANGES .—The Director of the Na-tional Economic Council and the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy may add or remove members of the Council, as appropriate, based on the review under clause (i). (4) F
UNCTIONS OF THE WORKING GROUP .— (A) C
ONSULTATION .—As permitted by law, the members of the Working Group shall consult with State, local, Tribal, and terri-torial governments, telecommunications companies, utilities, trade associations, phil-anthropic entities, policy experts, and other interested parties to identify and assess reg-ulatory barriers described in paragraphs (1)(G) and (2)(A)(i) and opportunities de-scribed in clauses (i) and (v) of paragraph (2)(B) to determine possible actions relating to those barriers and opportunities. (B) P
OINT OF CONTACT .—Not later than 15 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each member of the Working Group shall— (i) designate a representative to serve as the main point of contact for matters relat-ing to the Working Group; and (ii) notify the Co-Chairs of the Working Group of that designee. (C) S
URVEY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the members of the Working Group shall submit to the Working Group a comprehensive sur-vey of— (I) Federal programs, including the allo-cated funding amounts, that currently sup-port or could reasonably be modified to sup-port broadband deployment and adoption; and (II) all agency-specific policies and rules with the direct or indirect effect of facili-tating or regulating investment in or deploy-ment of wired and wireless broadband net-works. (ii) E
XCLUSION .—Spectrum allocation deci-sions affecting broadband deployment and other policies relating to spectrum alloca-tion— (I) are excluded from— (aa) the survey under clause (i); and (bb) the matters of the Working Group; and (II) shall continue in accordance with the Presidential Memorandum of June 14, 2013 (Expanding America’s Leadership in Wireless Innovation). (D) L
IST OF ACTIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the members of the Working Group shall submit to the Working Group an initial list of actions that each of the agencies could take to identify and address regulatory bar-riers, incentivize investment, promote best practices, align funding decisions, and other-wise support wired broadband deployment and adoption. (E) R
EPORT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 150 days after the date of enactment of this Act, after not fewer than 2 meetings of the full Work-ing Group, the Working Group shall submit to the President, acting through the Direc-tor of the National Economic Council, a co-ordinated, agreed-to, and prioritized list of recommendations of the Working Group on actions that agencies can take to support broadband deployment and adoption. (ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—The recommendations under clause (i) shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.072 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4676 June 27, 2018 
(I) a list of priority actions and rulemakings; and (II) timelines to complete the priority ac-tions and rulemakings under subclause (I). (m) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .— (1) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section— (A) impairs or otherwise affects— (i) the authority granted by law to a de-partment or agency, or the head thereof; (ii) the functions of the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals; or (iii) the authority of the Federal Commu-nications Commission concerning spectrum allocation decisions; (B) requires the disclosure of classified in-formation, law enforcement sensitive infor-mation, or other information that shall be protected in the interests of national secu-rity; or (C) creates any right or benefit, sub-stantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, any Federal department, agency, or entity, any officer, employee, or agent, of the United States, or any other person. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—This section shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropria-tions. 
SA 3331. Mr. ENZI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86llll. VACANT GRAZING ALLOTMENTS MADE AVAILABLE TO CERTAIN GRAZING PERMIT HOLDERS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF GRAZING ALLOT -
MENTS .—The Secretary concerned shall, to the maximum extent practicable, make va-cant grazing allotments available to a holder of a grazing permit or lease issued by such Secretary if the lands covered by the permit or lease are unusable because of a natural disaster (including a drought or wildfire), court-issued injunction, or conflict with wildlife, as determined by the Secretary con-cerned. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The terms and conditions contained in a permit or lease for a vacant grazing allotment made available pursuant to subsection (a) shall be the terms and conditions of the most recent permit or lease that was applicable to such allotment. (c) C
OURT -ISSUED INJUNCTIONS .—A court may not issue any order enjoining the use of any allotment for which a permit or lease has been issued by the Secretary concerned and continues in effect unless the Secretary concerned can make a vacant grazing allot-ment available to the holder of such permit or lease. (d) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT UNDER  
THENATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY ACT.— Activities carried out by the Secretary con-cerned pursuant to subsection (a) are a cat-egory of actions hereby designated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an envi-ronmental impact statement under section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). 
SA 3332. Mr. TILLIS (for himself and Mr. B
URR) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 4104, add at the end the fol-lowing: (e) M
OBILE TECHNOLOGIES .—Section 7(h)(14) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(14)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall authorize the use of mobile technologies for the purpose of ac-cessing supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits.’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS ON ACCESS OF  
BENEFITS THROUGH MOBILE TECHNOLOGIES ’’; (B) by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—Before au-thorizing the implementation of subpara-graph (A) in all States, the Secretary shall approve not more than 5 demonstration project proposals submitted by State agen-cies that will pilot the use of mobile tech-nologies for supplemental nutrition assist-ance program benefits access.’’; (C) in clause (ii)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
EM-
ONSTRATION PROJECTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘P
ROJECT REQUIREMENTS ’’; (ii) in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (I) by striking ‘‘retail food store’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘State agen-cy’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘that includes—’’ and in-serting ‘‘that—’’; and (iii) by striking subclauses (I), (II), (III), and (IV), and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) provides recipients protections with respect to privacy, ease of use, household ac-cess to benefits, and support similar to the protections provided under existing methods; ‘‘(II) ensures that all recipients, including recipients without access to mobile payment technology and recipients who shop across State borders, have a means of benefit ac-cess; ‘‘(III) requires retail food stores, unless ex-empt under subsection (f)(2)(B), to bear the costs of acquiring and arranging for the im-plementation of point-of-sale equipment and supplies for the redemption of benefits that are accessed through mobile technologies; ‘‘(IV) requires that foods purchased with benefits issued under this section through mobile technologies are purchased at a price not higher than the price of the same food purchased by other methods used by the re-tail food store, as determined by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(V) ensures adequate documentation for each authorized transaction, adequate secu-rity measures to deter fraud, and adequate access to retail food stores that accept bene-fits accessed through mobile technologies, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(VI) provides for an evaluation of the demonstration project, including an evalua-tion of household access to benefits; ‘‘(VII) requires that the demonstration project is voluntary for all retail food stores and that all recipients are able to use bene-fits in nonparticipating retail food stores; and ‘‘(VIII) meets other criteria as established by the Secretary.’’; (D) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iv) DATE OF PROJECT APPROVAL .—The Secretary shall solicit and approve the quali-fying demonstration projects required under subparagraph (B)(i) not later than January 1, 2020.’’; and (E) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary may prioritize demonstration project proposals that would— ‘‘(I) reduce fraud; ‘‘(II) encourage positive nutritional out-comes; and ‘‘(III) meet such other criteria as deter-mined by the Secretary.’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C)(i)— (A) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘requires further study by way of an extended pilot period or’’ after ‘‘States’’ the second place it appears. 
SA 3333. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 86lll. STATE-SUPPORTED PLANNING OF FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (A) a State or political subdivision of a State that contains National Forest System land; (B) a publicly chartered utility serving 1 or more States or political subdivisions of a State; (C) a rural electric company; and (D) any other entity determined by the Secretary to be appropriate for participation in the Fund. (2) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term ‘‘forest management activity’’ means a project or activity carried out by the Sec-retary on National Forest System land in ac-cordance with the applicable forest plan. (3) F
OREST PLAN .—The term ‘‘forest plan’’ means a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to sec-tion 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renew-able Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (4) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the State-Supported Forest Management Fund established by subsection (b). (5) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘National Forest System’’ has the meaning given the term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘State-Supported Forest Management Fund’’, to cover the cost of planning (giving priority to compliance with section 102(2) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2))), car-rying out, and monitoring certain forest management activities on National Forest System land. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The Fund shall consist of such amounts as may be— (1) contributed by an eligible entity for de-posit in the Fund; (2) appropriated to the Fund; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.072 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4677 June 27, 2018 
(3) generated by forest management activi-ties planned or carried out using amounts in the Fund, as provided in subsection (f). (d) G
EOGRAPHICAL AND USELIMITATIONS .— Except for the revenue generated by a forest management activity as provided in sub-section (f)(2), in making a contribution under subsection (c)(1), an eligible entity, in consultation with the Secretary, may— (1) specify the National Forest System land for which the contribution may be ex-pended; and (2) limit the types of forest management activities for which the contribution may be expended. (e) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Except as pro-vided in subsection (f), in such amounts as may be provided in advance in appropriation Acts, the Secretary may use amounts in the Fund to plan, carry out, and monitor any forest management activity on National For-est System land that is— (1) developed through a collaborative proc-ess; (2) proposed by a resource advisory com-mittee; or (3) covered by a community wildfire pro-tection plan. (f) U
SE OF REVENUES .— (1) R
EVENUE FROM TIMBER SALE CON -
TRACTS .—Except as provided in subsection (g), for a forest management activity de-scribed in subsection (e) carried out using a timber sale contract under section 14 of the National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 472a), any revenue generated from the sale of timber under the contract shall— (A) be deposited in the Fund; and (B) be available, without further appropria-tion, until expended. (2) R
EVENUE FROM GOOD NEIGHBOR AGREE -
MENTS .—For a forest management activity described in subsection (e) carried out by a State using a subcontract in accordance with a State law applicable to contracting under a good neighbor agreement under section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a), any revenue generated from the sale of timber by the State shall— (A) be deposited in the Fund; and (B) be available, without further appropria-tion, until expended, except that the amount of revenue in excess of the appraised value of the timber shall be used to pay the State for the costs of performing the authorized res-toration services under the good neighbor agreement. (g) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.— (1) R
EVENUE SHARING .—Subject to sub-section (f), revenues generated by a forest management activity carried out using amounts from the Fund shall be considered to be monies received from the National For-est System. (2) K
NUTSON -VANDENBERG ACT .—The Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the ‘‘Knutson-Vandenberg Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 576 et seq.), shall apply to a forest management ac-tivity carried out using amounts in the Fund. (h) T
ERMINATION OF FUND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to initiate planning for a forest management activity described in subsection (e) shall terminate 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) E
FFECT .—On the termination of the au-thority to use the Fund under paragraph (1), or pursuant to any other law, any unobli-gated contribution remaining in the Fund that is attributable to a contribution under subsection (c)(1) shall be returned to the eli-gible entity that made the contribution. 
SA 3334. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: On page 881, strike lines 4 through 13 and insert the following: ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $80,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—No funds under this section may be provided— ‘‘(A) to entities with net sales of more than $50,000; or ‘‘(B) to support products with well-estab-lished product markets, as determined by the Secretary. 
SA 3335. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 63ll. STUDY ON RURAL DEVELOPMENT LOAN PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study to establish a plan that, with respect to the Rural Energy for America Program under section 9007 of the Farm Se-curity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (7 U.S.C. 8107) and the business and industry loan program under section 310B(g) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(g)), results in the costs of subsidies for the loans guaranteed under each program to equal zero or a negative number. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 30, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report that describes the study con-ducted and the plan established under sub-section (a). 
SA 3336. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 729, between lines 13 and 14, insert the following: (1) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘rep-resentatives’’ in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A) and all that follows through the period at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘a diverse array of public and pri-vate sector members representing agri-culture in the State in which the eligible en-tity is located.’’; On page 729, line 14, strike ‘‘(1) in’’ and in-sert ‘‘(2) in’’. On page 729, line 16, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(3)’’. On page 729, line 17, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert ‘‘(4)’’. On page 729, line 19, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. SA 3337. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 4113 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 4113. ASSISTANCE FOR COMMUNITY FOOD PROJECTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) according to the Wisconsin HOPE Lab, at least 36 percent of 4-year college and uni-versity students and 42 percent of 2-year community college students have experi-enced food insecurity in 2018; (2) hunger threatens the health, cognitive ability, and economic security of students; (3) institutions of higher education should strive to collect edible surplus food from campus-operated dining facilities and dis-tribute that food to students experiencing hunger instead of throwing that food away; and (4) institutions of higher education should partner with local organizations such as re-gional food banks to reduce hunger and sup-port the operation of food pantries on cam-pus. (b) A
SSISTANCE .—Section 25 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2034) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as paragraphs (2) through (4), re-spectively; (B) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(1) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘com-munity college’ means a junior or commu-nity college (as defined in section 312(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058(f))).’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)).’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2015 through 2018; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘an insti-tution of higher education, a community col-lege,’’ before ‘‘or a private’’. 
SA 3338. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 4103 through 4116 and insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.073 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4678 June 27, 2018 
SEC. 4103. WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR ABLE-BOD-IED ADULTS WITHOUT DEPENDENTS; WORK ACTIVATION PROGRAM FOR ADULTS WITH DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—Section 2 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Congress further finds that it should also be the purpose of the supple-mental nutrition assistance program to in-crease employment, to encourage healthy marriage, and to promote prosperous self- sufficiency, which means the ability of households to maintain an income above the poverty level without services and benefits from the Federal Government.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) F
OOD.—Section 3(k) of the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012(k)) is amend-ed by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that a food, food product, meal, or other item described in this subsection shall be considered a food under this Act only if it is an essential (as determined by the Secretary)’’. (2) S
UPERVISED JOB SEARCH .—Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (t) through (v) as subsections (u) through (w), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (s) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(t) S
UPERVISED JOBSEARCH .—The term ‘supervised job search’ means a job search program that has the following characteris-tics: ‘‘(1) The job search occurs at an official lo-cation where the presence and activity of the recipient can be directly observed, super-vised, and monitored. ‘‘(2) The entry, time onsite, and exit of the recipient from the official job search loca-tion are recorded in a manner that prevents fraud. ‘‘(3) The recipient is expected to remain and undertake job search activities at the job search center. ‘‘(4) The quantity of time the recipient is observed and monitored engaging in job search at the official location is recorded for purposes of compliance with the work and work activation requirements of sections 6(o) and 30.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 27(a)(2) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)(2)) is amended in subpara-graphs (C) and (E) by striking ‘‘3(u)(4)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘3(v)(4)’’. (c) W
ORK REQUIREMENT FOR ABLE-BODIED  A
DULTS WITHOUT DEPENDENTS .—Section 6(o) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2015(o)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘not less than 3 months (consecutive or otherwise)’’ and inserting ‘‘more than 1 month’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) participate in supervised job search for at least 8 hours per week.’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any fiscal year that begins after the effective date of the Ag-riculture Improvement Act of 2018.’’; (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
15-PERCENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ 5-PERCENT ’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)(ii)(IV), by striking ‘‘3 months’’ and inserting ‘‘1 month’’; and (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) PROMOTING WORK .—As a condition of receiving supplemental nutrition assistance program funds under this Act, a State agen-cy shall provide each individual subject to the work requirement of this subsection with the opportunity to participate in an activity selected by the State from among the op-tions described in subparagraphs (B), (C), and (E) of paragraph (2). ‘‘(9) P
ENALTIES FOR INADEQUATE STATE PER -
FORMANCE .—If a State agency fails to fully comply with this section, including the re-quirement to terminate the benefits of indi-viduals who fail to fulfill the work require-ments described in paragraph (2) during a fis-cal quarter, the funding allotment of the State for the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program shall be reduced by 10 percent for the quarter that begins 180 days after the first day of the quarter in which the non-compliance occurred.’’. 
SEC. 4104. IMPROVEMENTS TO ELECTRONIC BEN-EFIT TRANSFER SYSTEM. 
(a) P ROHIBITED FEES.—Section 7 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)(2)(C), in the subpara-graph heading, by striking ‘‘I
NTERCHANGE ’’ and inserting ‘‘P
ROHIBITED ’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking paragraph (13) and inserting the following: ‘‘(13) P
ROHIBITED FEES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF SWITCHING .—In this paragraph, the term ‘switching’ means the routing of an intrastate or interstate trans-action that consists of transmitting the de-tails of a transaction electronically recorded through the use of an EBT card in 1 State to the issuer of the card in— ‘‘(i) the same State; or ‘‘(ii) another State. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(i) I
NTERCHANGE FEES .—No interchange fee shall apply to an electronic benefit trans-fer transaction under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) O
THER FEES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—No fee charged by a ben-efit issuer (including any affiliate of a ben-efit issuer), or by any agent or contractor when acting on behalf of such benefit issuer, to a third party relating to the switching or routing of benefits to the same benefit issuer (including any affiliate of the benefit issuer) shall apply to an electronic benefit transfer transaction under this subsection. ‘‘(II) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The prohibition under subclause (I) shall be effective through fiscal year 2022.’’. (b) EBT P
ORTABILITY .—Section 7(f)(5) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(f)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) O
PERATION OF INDIVIDUAL POINT OF  
SALE DEVICE BY FARMERS ’ MARKETS AND DI -
RECT MARKETING FARMERS .—A farmers’ mar-ket or direct marketing farmer that is ex-empt under paragraph (2)(B)(i) shall be al-lowed to operate an individual electronic benefit transfer point of sale device at more than 1 location under the same supplemental nutrition assistance program authorization, if— ‘‘(i) the farmers’ market or direct mar-keting farmer provides to the Secretary in-formation on location and hours of operation at each location; and ‘‘(ii)(I) the point of sale device used by the farmers’ market or direct marketing farmer is capable of providing location information of the device through the electronic benefit transfer system; or ‘‘(II) if the Secretary determines that the technology is not available for a point of sale device to meet the requirement under sub-clause (I), the farmers’ market or direct mar-keting farmer provides to the Secretary any other information, as determined by the Sec-retary, necessary to ensure the integrity of transactions processed using the point of sale device.’’. (c) EVALUATION OF STATE ELECTRONIC BEN-
EFIT TRANSFER SYSTEMS .—Section 7(h) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) GAO 
EVALUATION AND STUDY OF STATE  
ELECTRONIC BENEFIT TRANSFER SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(A) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Comptroller General of the United States (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Comptroller General’) shall evaluate for each electronic benefit transfer system of a State agency selected in accordance with clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) any type of fee charged— ‘‘(aa) by the benefit issuer (or an affiliate, agent, or contractor of the benefit issuer) of the State agency for electronic benefit transfer-related services, including elec-tronic benefit transfer-related services that did not exist before February 7, 2014; and ‘‘(bb) to any retail food stores, including retail food stores that are exempt under sub-section (f)(2)(B)(i) for electronic benefit transfer-related services; ‘‘(II) in consultation with the Secretary and the retail food stores within the State, any electronic benefit transfer system out-ages affecting the EBT cards of the State agency; ‘‘(III) in consultation with the Secretary, any type of entity that— ‘‘(aa) provides electronic benefit transfer equipment and related services to the State agency, any benefit issuers of the State agency, or any retail food stores within the State; ‘‘(bb) routes or switches transactions through the electronic benefit transfer sys-tem of the State agency; or ‘‘(cc) has access to transaction information in the electronic benefit transfer system of the State agency; and ‘‘(IV) in consultation with the Secretary, any emerging entities, services, or tech-nologies in use with respect to the electronic benefit transfer system of the State agency. ‘‘(ii) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Comp-troller General shall select for evaluation under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) with respect to each benefit issuer that provides electronic benefit transfer-re-lated services to 1 or more State agencies, not fewer than 1 electronic benefit transfer system provided by that benefit issuer; and ‘‘(II) any electronic benefit transfer system of a State agency that has experienced sig-nificant or frequent outages during the 2- year period preceding the date of enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(B) S
TUDY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate a report based on the evaluation carried out under subparagraph (A) that includes— ‘‘(i) a description of the types of entities that— ‘‘(I) provide electronic benefit transfer equipment and related services to State agencies, benefit issuers, and retail food stores; ‘‘(II) route or switch transactions through electronic benefit transfer systems of State agencies; or ‘‘(III) have access to transaction informa-tion in electronic benefit transfer systems of State agencies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.075 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4679 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(ii) a description of emerging entities, services, and technologies in use with re-spect to electronic benefit transfer systems of State agencies; and ‘‘(iii) a summary of— ‘‘(I) the types of fees charged— ‘‘(aa) by benefit issuers (or affiliates, agents, or contractors of benefit issuers) of State agencies for electronic benefit trans-fer-related services, including whether the types of fees existed before February 7, 2014; and ‘‘(bb) to any retail food stores, including retail food stores that are exempt under sub-section (f)(2)(B)(i) for electronic benefit transfer-related services; ‘‘(II)(aa) the causes of any electronic ben-efit transfer system outages affecting EBT cards; and ‘‘(bb) potential solutions to minimize the disruption of outages to participating house-holds. ‘‘(16) R
EVIEW OF EBT SYSTEMS REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Secretary shall review for each electronic benefit transfer system of a State agency selected under clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) any contracts or other agreements be-tween the State agency and the benefit issuer of the State agency to determine— ‘‘(aa) the customer service requirements of the benefit issuer, including call center re-quirements; and ‘‘(bb) the consistency and compatibility of data provided by the benefit issuer to the Secretary for appropriate oversight of pos-sible fraudulent transactions; and ‘‘(II) the use of third-party applications that access the electronic benefit transfer system to provide electronic benefit transfer account information to participating house-holds. ‘‘(ii) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall select for the review under clause (i) not fewer than 5 electronic benefit transfer systems of State agencies, of which— ‘‘(I) with respect to each benefit issuer that provides electronic benefit transfer-re-lated services to 1 or more State agencies, not fewer than 1 shall be provided by that benefit issuer; and ‘‘(II) not more than 4 shall have experi-enced significant or frequent outages during the 2-year period preceding the date of enact-ment of this paragraph. ‘‘(B) R
EGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE .—Based on the study conducted by the Comptroller General of the United States under para-graph (15)(B) and the review conducted by the Secretary under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall promulgate such regulations or issue such guidance as the Secretary de-termines appropriate— ‘‘(i) to prohibit the imposition of any fee that is inconsistent with paragraph (13); ‘‘(ii) to minimize electronic benefit system outages; ‘‘(iii) to update procedures to handle elec-tronic benefit transfer system outages that minimize disruption to participating house-holds and retail food stores while protecting against fraud and abuse; ‘‘(iv) to develop cost-effective customer service standards for benefit issuers, includ-ing benefit issuer call centers or other cus-tomer service options equivalent to call cen-ters, that would ensure adequate customer service for participating households; ‘‘(v) to address the use of third-party appli-cations that access electronic benefit trans-fer systems to provide electronic benefit transfer account information to partici-pating households, including by establishing safeguards consistent with sections 9(c) and 11(e)(8) to protect the privacy of data relat-ing to participating households and approved retail food stores; and ‘‘(vi) to improve the reliability of elec-tronic benefit transfer systems. ‘‘(C) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report that includes a description of the effects, if any, on an electronic benefit transfer system of a State agency from the use of third-party applications that access the electronic ben-efit transfer system to provide electronic benefit transfer account information to par-ticipating households.’’. (d) A
PPROVAL OF RETAIL FOOD STORES .— Section 9 of the Food and Nutrition Act (7 U.S.C. 2018) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘No retail food store’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(D) V
ISIT REQUIRED .—No retail food store’’; (B) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Ap-proval’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) C
ERTIFICATE .—Approval’’; (C) in the second sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘food; and (D) the’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘food; ‘‘(iv) any information, if available, about the ability of the anticipated or existing electronic benefit transfer equipment and service provider of the applicant to provide sufficient information through the elec-tronic benefit transfer system to minimize the risk of fraudulent transactions; and ‘‘(v) the’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘concern; (C) whether’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘concern; ‘‘(iii) whether’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘applicant; (B) the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘applicant; ‘‘(ii) the’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘following: (A) the nature’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘following: ‘‘(i) the nature’’; and (v) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘In determining’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In de- termining’’; and (D) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘(a)(1) Regulations’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION TO ACCEPT AND REDEEM  B
ENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Regulations’’; (2) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
LECTRONIC BENEFIT TRANSFER EQUIP -
MENT AND SERVICE PROVIDERS .—Before imple-menting clause (iv) of paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall issue guidance for retail food stores on how to select electronic benefit transfer equipment and service providers that are able to meet the requirements of that clause.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘records relating to electronic benefit transfer equipment and related serv-ices, transaction and redemption data pro-vided through the electronic benefit transfer system,’’ after ‘‘purchase invoices,’’. 
SEC. 4105. RETAIL INCENTIVES. 
Section 9 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2018) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) I
NCENTIVES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE INCENTIVE  
FOOD .—In this subsection, the term ‘eligible incentive food’ means food that is— ‘‘(A) identified for increased consumption by the most recent Dietary Guidelines for Americans published under section 301 of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341); and ‘‘(B) a fruit, a vegetable, low-fat dairy, or a whole grain. ‘‘(2) REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations to clarify the process by which an approved retail food store may seek a waiver to offer an incentive that may be used only for the purchase of eligible incen-tive food at the point of purchase to a house-hold purchasing food with benefits issued under this Act. ‘‘(B) R
EGULATIONS .—The regulations under subparagraph (A) shall establish a process under which an approved retail food store, prior to carrying out an incentive program under this subsection, shall provide to the Secretary information describing the incen-tive program, including— ‘‘(i) the types of incentives that will be of-fered; ‘‘(ii) the types of foods that will be incentivized for purchase; and ‘‘(iii) an explanation of how the incentive program intends to support meeting dietary intake goals. ‘‘(3) N
O LIMITATION ON BENEFITS .—A waiver granted under this subsection shall not be used to carry out any activity that limits the use of benefits under this Act or any other Federal nutrition law. ‘‘(4) E
FFECT .—Regulations promulgated under this subsection shall not affect any re-quirements under section 4405 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 7517) or section 4304 of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, including the eligi-bility of a retail food store to participate in a project funded under those sections. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate an annual report describing the types of incentives approved under this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 4106. REQUIRED ACTION ON DATA MATCH INFORMATION. 
Section 11(e) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (24), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (25), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(26) that for a household participating in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram, the State agency shall pursue clari-fication and verification, if applicable, of in-formation relating to the circumstances of the household received from data matches for the purpose of ensuring an accurate eligi-bility and benefit determination, only if the information— ‘‘(A) appears to present significantly con-flicting information from the information that was used by the State agency at the time of certification of the household; ‘‘(B) is obtained from data matches carried out under subsection (q), (r), or (w); or ‘‘(C)(i) is fewer than 60 days old relative to the current month of participation of the household; and ‘‘(ii) if accurate, would have been required to be reported by the household based on the reporting requirements assigned to the household by the State agency under section 6(c).’’. 
SEC. 4107. INCOME VERIFICATION. 
Section 17 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) P
ILOT PROJECTS FOR IMPROVING  E
ARNED INCOME VERIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Under such terms and conditions as the Secretary considers to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.075 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4680 June 27, 2018 
appropriate, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘pilot program’) under which not more than 8 States may carry out pilot projects to test strategies to improve the accuracy or ef-ficiency of the process for verification of earned income at certification and recertifi-cation of applicant households for the sup-plemental nutrition assistance program. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACT OPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program, prior to soliciting applications for pilot projects from State agencies, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(i) assess the availability of up-to-date earned income information from different commercial data service providers; and ‘‘(ii) make a determination regarding the overall cost-effectiveness to the Department of Agriculture and the State agencies admin-istering the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program of— ‘‘(I) the Secretary entering into a contract with a commercial data service provider to provide to State agencies carrying out pilot projects up-to-date earned income informa-tion for verification of the earned income at certification and recertification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program; ‘‘(II) the Secretary entering into an agree-ment with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to allow State agencies car-rying out pilot projects to verify earned in-come information at certification and recer-tification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State using up-to-date earned income information from a commercial data service provider under the electronic interface de-veloped by the State and used by the State Medicaid agency to verify income eligibility for the State Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); or ‘‘(III) a State agency carrying out a pilot project entering into a contract with a com-mercial data service provider to obtain up- to-date earned income information to verify the earned income at certification and recer-tification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY TO ENTER INTO CON -
TRACTS .—If determined appropriate by the Secretary, the Secretary may, based on the cost-effectiveness determination described in subparagraph (A)(ii)— ‘‘(i) enter into a contract described in sub-clause (I) of that subparagraph; ‘‘(ii) enter into an agreement described in subclause (II) of that subparagraph; or ‘‘(iii) allow each State agency carrying out a pilot project to enter into a contract de-scribed in subclause (III) of that subpara-graph, on the condition that the Federal share of the cost of the contract shall not ex-ceed 75 percent of the total cost of the con-tract. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes the results of the assessment and determination under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) P
ILOT PROJECTS .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—A State agency seeking to carry out a pilot project under the pilot program shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require, including— ‘‘(i) an identification of the 1 or more pro-posed changes to the process for verifying earned income used by the State agency; ‘‘(ii) a description of how the proposed changes under clause (i) would meet the pur-pose described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(iii) a plan to evaluate how the proposed changes under clause (i) would improve the accuracy or efficiency of the verification of earned income at certification and recertifi-cation of applicant households for the sup-plemental nutrition assistance program in the State. ‘‘(B) SELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall select to carry out pilot projects State agencies that, as determined by the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) do not have access to up-to-date earned income information for the verification of earned income at certification and recertification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State; ‘‘(ii) would be able to access and use, for the verification of earned income at certifi-cation and recertification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State, up-to-date earned income information used to deter-mine eligibility for another Federal assist-ance program; or ‘‘(iii) have cost-effective, innovative ap-proaches to verifying earned income that would improve the accuracy or efficiency of the verification of earned income at certifi-cation and recertification of applicant households for the supplemental nutrition assistance program in the State. ‘‘(4) G
RANTS .—The Secretary may make grants to a State agency to carry out a pilot project. ‘‘(5) E
FFECT ON OTHER REQUIREMENTS .—A pilot project carried out under this sub-section shall not alter the eligibility require-ments under section 5 or the reporting re-quirements under section 6(c). ‘‘(6) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the pilot program termi-nates under paragraph (8), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that de-scribes the results of the pilot projects car-ried out under the pilot program. ‘‘(7) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Out of funds made avail-able under section 18(a)(1), on October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall make available $10,000,000 to carry out this subsection, to re-main available until expended. ‘‘(B) C
OSTS.—The Secretary shall allocate not more than 10 percent of the amounts made available under subparagraph (A) to carry out subparagraphs (A) and (C) of para-graph (2) and paragraph (6). ‘‘(8) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate not later than September 30, 2022.’’. 
SEC. 4108. PILOT PROJECTS TO IMPROVE HEALTHY DIETARY PATTERNS RE-LATED TO FLUID MILK IN THE SUP-PLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 17 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2026) (as amended by section 4107) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(n) P
ILOT PROJECTS TO IMPROVE HEALTHY  D
IETARY PATTERNS RELATED TO FLUID MILK C
ONSUMPTION AMONG PARTICIPANTS OR  H
OUSEHOLDS IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRI-
TION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM THATUNDER -CON-
SUME FLUID MILK.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF FLUID MILK .—In this sub-section, the term ‘fluid milk’ means cow milk, without flavoring or sweeteners, con-sistent with the most recent Dietary Guide-lines for Americans published under section 301 of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341), that is packaged in liquid form. ‘‘(2) PILOT PROJECTS .—The Secretary shall carry out, under such terms and conditions as the Secretary considers to be appropriate, pilot projects to develop and test methods that would increase the purchase of fluid milk, in a manner consistent with the most recent Dietary Guidelines for Americans published under section 301 of the National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341), by individuals or households participating in the supple-mental nutrition assistance program that under-consume fluid milk by providing an incentive for the purchase of fluid milk at the point of purchase to a household pur-chasing food with supplemental nutrition as-sistance program benefits. ‘‘(3) G
RANTS OR COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary may enter into com-petitively awarded cooperative agreements with, or provide grants to, a government agency or nonprofit organization for use in accordance with projects that meet the stra-tegic goals of this subsection, including al-lowing the government agency or nonprofit organization to award subgrants to retail food stores authorized under this Act. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to re-ceive a cooperative agreement or grant under this paragraph, a government agency or nonprofit organization shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(C) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—Pilot projects shall be evaluated against publicly dissemi-nated criteria that shall include— ‘‘(i) incorporation of a scientifically based strategy that is designed to improve diet quality through the increased purchase of fluid milk for participants or households in the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram that under-consume fluid milk; ‘‘(ii) a commitment to a pilot project that allows for a rigorous outcome evaluation, in-cluding data collection; and ‘‘(iii) other criteria, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds provided under this paragraph shall not be used for any project that limits the use of benefits under this Act. ‘‘(E) D
URATION .—Each pilot project carried out under this subsection shall be in effect for not more than 24 months. ‘‘(4) P
ROJECTS .—Pilot projects carried out under paragraph (2) shall include projects to determine whether incentives for the pur-chase of fluid milk by individuals or house-holds participating in the supplemental nu-trition assistance program that under-con-sume fluid milk result in— ‘‘(A) improved nutritional outcomes for participating individuals or households; ‘‘(B) changes in purchasing and consump-tion of fluid milk among participating indi-viduals or households; or ‘‘(C) diets more closely aligned with healthy eating patterns consistent with the most recent Dietary Guidelines for Ameri-cans published under section 301 of the Na-tional Nutrition Monitoring and Related Re-search Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5341). ‘‘(5) E
VALUATION AND REPORTING .— ‘‘(A) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(i) I
NDEPENDENT EVALUATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for an independent evaluation of projects selected under this subsection that measures the impact of the pilot program on health and nutrition as described in para-graphs (2) through (4). ‘‘(II) R
EQUIREMENT .—The independent eval-uation under subclause (I) shall use rigorous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.075 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4681 June 27, 2018 
methodologies, particularly random assign-ment or other methods that are capable of producing scientifically valid information regarding which activities are effective. ‘‘(ii) C
OSTS.—The Secretary may use funds provided to carry out this subsection to pay costs associated with monitoring and evalu-ating each pilot project. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 90 days after the last day of fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter until the completion of the last evaluation under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that includes a description of— ‘‘(i) the status of each pilot project; ‘‘(ii) the results of the evaluation com-pleted during the previous fiscal year; and ‘‘(iii) to the maximum extent practicable— ‘‘(I) the impact of the pilot project on ap-propriate health, nutrition, and associated behavioral outcomes among households par-ticipating in the pilot project; ‘‘(II) baseline information relevant to the stated goals and desired outcomes of the pilot project; and ‘‘(III) equivalent information about similar or identical measures among control or com-parison groups that did not participate in the pilot project. ‘‘(C) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—In addition to the reporting requirements under subpara-graph (B), evaluation results shall be shared broadly to inform policy makers, service providers, other partners, and the public to promote wide use of successful strategies. ‘‘(6) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $20,000,000, to re-main available until expended. ‘‘(B) A
PPROPRIATIONS IN ADVANCE .—Only funds appropriated under subparagraph (A) in advance specifically to carry out this sub-section shall be available to carry out this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 4109. INTERSTATE DATA MATCHING TO PRE-VENT MULTIPLE ISSUANCES. 
Section 11 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(w) N
ATIONAL ACCURACY CLEARING -
HOUSE .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF INDICATION OF MULTIPLE  
ISSUANCE .—In this subsection, the term ‘indi-cation of multiple issuance’ means an indica-tion, based on a computer match, that bene-fits are being issued to an individual under the supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram from more than 1 State simulta-neously. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an interstate data system, to be known as the ‘National Accuracy Clearing-house’, to prevent the simultaneous issuance of benefits to an individual by more than 1 State under the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program. ‘‘(B) D
ATA MATCHING .—The Secretary shall require that States make available to the National Accuracy Clearinghouse only such information as is necessary for the purpose described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) D
ATA PROTECTION .—The information made available by States under subpara-graph (B)— ‘‘(i) shall be used only for the purpose de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) shall not be retained for longer than is necessary to accomplish that purpose. ‘‘(3) I
SSUANCE OF INTERIM FINAL REGULA -
TIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations (which shall include interim final regula-tions) to carry out this subsection that— ‘‘(A) incorporate best practices and lessons learned from the pilot program under section 4032(c) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 2036c(c)); ‘‘(B) require a State to take appropriate action, as determined by the Secretary, with respect to each indication of multiple issuance or indication that an individual re-ceiving benefits in 1 State has applied to re-ceive benefits in another State, while ensur-ing timely and fair service to applicants for, and participants in, the supplemental nutri-tion assistance program; ‘‘(C) limit the information submitted through or retained by the National Accu-racy Clearinghouse to information necessary to accomplish the purpose described in para-graph (2)(A); ‘‘(D) establish safeguards to protect— ‘‘(i) the information submitted through or retained by the National Accuracy Clearing-house, including by limiting the period of time that information is retained to the pe-riod necessary to accomplish the purpose de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A); and ‘‘(ii) the privacy of information that is sub-mitted through or retained by the National Accuracy Clearinghouse, which shall in-clude— ‘‘(I) prohibiting any contractor who has ac-cess to information that is submitted through or retained by the National Accu-racy Clearinghouse from using that informa-tion for purposes not directly related to the purpose described in paragraph (2)(A); and ‘‘(II) other safeguards, consistent with sub-section (e)(8); ‘‘(E) establish a process by which a State shall— ‘‘(i) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this subsection, conduct a com-puter match using the National Accuracy Clearinghouse; ‘‘(ii) after the first computer match under clause (i), conduct computer matches on an ongoing basis, as determined by the Sec-retary; ‘‘(iii) identify and take appropriate action, as determined by the Secretary, with respect to each indication of multiple issuance or in-dication that an individual receiving bene-fits in 1 State has applied to receive benefits in another State; and ‘‘(iv) protect the identity and location of a vulnerable individual (including a victim of domestic violence) that is an applicant to or participant of the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program; and ‘‘(F) include other rules and standards, as determined by the Secretary.’’. SEC. 4110. QUALITY CONTROL. 
(a) R ECORDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(a)(3)(B) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020(a)(3)(B)) is amended in the matter pre-ceding clause (i) by inserting ‘‘and systems containing those records’’ after ‘‘subpara-graph (A)’’. (2) C
OST SHARING FOR COMPUTERIZATION .— Section 16(g)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(g)(1)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (F)(ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) would be accessible by the Secretary for inspection and audit under section 11(a)(3)(B); and’’. (b) Q
UALITY CONTROL SYSTEM .—Section 16(c)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(c)(1)) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) Q
UALITY CONTROL SYSTEM INTEGRITY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, the Sec-retary shall issue interim final regulations that— ‘‘(I) ensure that the quality control system established under this subsection produces valid statistical results; ‘‘(II) provide for oversight of contracts en-tered into by a State agency for the purpose of improving payment accuracy; ‘‘(III) ensure the accuracy of data collected under the quality control system established under this subsection; and ‘‘(IV) to the maximum extent practicable, for each fiscal year, evaluate the integrity of the quality control process of not fewer than 2 State agencies, selected in accordance with criteria determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) D
EBARMENT .—In accordance with the nonprocurement debarment procedures under part 417 of title 2, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or successor regulations), the Sec-retary shall bar any person that, in carrying out the quality control system established under this subsection, knowingly submits, or causes to be submitted, false information to the Secretary.’’. (c) E
LIMINATION OF STATE BONUSES FOR  E
RROR RATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 16(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(d)) is amended— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘S
TATE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS  
ANDBONUSES .—’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii) of subparagraph (B)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘With respect’’ and all that follows through the end of clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—With re- spect to fiscal year 2005 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall measure the performance of each State agency with re-spect to the criteria established under sub-paragraph (A)(i).’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘(ii) subject to paragraph (3),’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) P
ERFORMANCE BONUSES FOR FISCAL  
YEARS 2005 THROUGH 2017 .—With respect to each of fiscal years 2005 through 2017, subject to paragraph (3), the Secretary shall’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) P
ERFORMANCE BONUSES FOR FISCAL  
YEARS 2018 AND THEREAFTER .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter, subject to subclause (II) and paragraph (3), the Secretary shall award performance bonus payments in the following fiscal year, in a total amount of $6,000,000 for each fiscal year, to State agencies that meet standards for high or most improved performance es-tablished by the Secretary under subpara-graph (A)(ii) for the measure of application processing timeliness. ‘‘(II) P
ERFORMANCE BONUS PAYMENTS FOR  
FISCAL YEAR 2018 PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall award performance bonus pay-ments in a total amount of $6,000,000 to State agencies in fiscal year 2019 for fiscal year 2018 performance, in accordance with sub-clause (I).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 16(i)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(i)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(as defined in subsection (d)(1))’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.075 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4682 June 27, 2018 
SEC. 4111. REQUIREMENT OF LIVE-PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENTS FOR CERTAIN PILOT PROJECTS RELATING TO COST SHARING FOR COMPUTERIZA-TION. 
Section 16(g)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2025(g)(1)) (as amended by section 4110(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (F), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (G) as clauses (i) through (vii), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (3) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘in the planning’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘in the— ‘‘(A) planning’’; (4) in clause (v) (as so redesignated) of sub-paragraph (A) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘implementation, including through pilot projects in limited areas for major systems changes as determined under rules promul-gated by the Secretary, data from which’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘implementa-tion, including a requirement that— ‘‘(I) such testing shall be accomplished through pilot projects in limited areas for major systems changes (as determined under rules promulgated by the Secretary); ‘‘(II) each pilot project described in sub-clause (I) that is carried out before the im-plementation of a system shall be conducted in a live-production environment; and ‘‘(III) the data resulting from each pilot project carried out under this clause’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) operation of 1 or more automatic data processing and information retrieval systems that the Secretary determines may continue to be operated in accordance with clauses (i) through (vii) of subparagraph (A).’’. 
SEC. 4112. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 18(a)(1) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2027(a)(1)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 4113. ASSISTANCE FOR COMMUNITY FOOD PROJECTS. 
Section 25(b)(2) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2034(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2015 through 2018; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter.’’. 
SEC. 4114. NUTRITION EDUCATION STATE PLANS. 
Section 28(c) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036a(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subpara-graph (C), a’’ and inserting ‘‘A’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iii) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv); and (iv) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) describe how the State agency shall use an electronic reporting system that measures and evaluates the projects; and’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (C); (2) in paragraph (3)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, the Director of the National Institute of Food and Agri-culture,’’ before ‘‘and outside stakeholders’’; (3) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘the ex-panded food and nutrition education pro-gram or’’ before ‘‘other health promotion’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) REPORT .—The State agency shall sub-mit to the Secretary an annual evaluation report in accordance with regulations issued by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 4115. WORK ACTIVATION PROGRAM FOR ADULTS WITH DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN. 
The Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 30. WORK ACTIVATION PROGRAM FOR ADULTS WITH DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘eli-gible participant’ means an individual who, during a particular month, is— ‘‘(A) a parent in a household with depend-ent children; ‘‘(B) at least 19, and not more than 55, years of age; ‘‘(C) not disabled; ‘‘(D) a member of a household in which 1 or more parents or children receive supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits in the month; ‘‘(E) a member of a household that received supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits for more than 3 months in the year; and ‘‘(F) employed less than 100 hours in the month. ‘‘(2) M
ARRIED COUPLE HOUSEHOLD .—The term ‘married couple household’ means a household that includes 2 eligible partici-pants who are married to each other and have dependent children. ‘‘(3) S
UCCESSFUL ENGAGEMENT IN WORK ACTI -
VATION .—The term ‘successful engagement in work activation’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of an individual who is eli-gible and required to participate in interim work activation, performance during the month that fulfills the activity and hour re-quirements of subsection (c); ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is re-quired to participate in full work activation, performance during the month that fulfills the activity and hour requirements of sub-section (d); and ‘‘(C) in the case of an individual who meets the eligibility criteria described in sub-section (e)(1), performance that fulfills the activity and hour requirements of that sub-section. ‘‘(4) W
ORK AND WORK PREPARATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The term ‘work and work preparation activities’ means— ‘‘(A) unsubsidized employment; ‘‘(B) subsidized private sector employment; ‘‘(C) subsidized public sector employment; ‘‘(D) work experience (including work asso-ciated with the refurbishing of publicly as-sisted housing) if sufficient private sector employment is not available; ‘‘(E) on-the-job training; ‘‘(F) job readiness assistance; ‘‘(G) a community service program; ‘‘(H) vocational educational training (not to exceed 1 year with respect to any indi-vidual); ‘‘(I) job skills training directly related to employment; ‘‘(J) education directly related to employ-ment, in the case of a recipient who has not received a high school diploma or a certifi-cate of high school equivalency; ‘‘(K) satisfactory attendance at secondary school or in a course of study leading to a certificate of general equivalence, in the case of a recipient who has not completed secondary school or received such a certifi-cate; ‘‘(L) the provision of child care services to an individual who is participating in a com-munity service program; ‘‘(M) workfare under section 20; and ‘‘(N) supervised job search. ‘‘(b) WORKACTIVATION PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, a State agency shall be required to operate a work activa-tion program for eligible participants. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR MARRIED COUPLE  
HOUSEHOLDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of eligible participants who are spouses in a married couple household— ‘‘(i) the work activation requirement of this section shall apply only if the sum of the combined current employment of both spouses is less than 100 hours per month; and ‘‘(ii) both spouses shall be considered to have achieved successful engagement in the work activation program if either spouse ful-fills the work activation requirements de-scribed in subsection (c), (d), or (e)(1). ‘‘(B) T
OTAL REQUIRED HOURS .—The total combined number of hours of required work and work preparation activities for both spouses in a married couple household shall not be greater than the total number of hours required for a single head of house-hold. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT .—In carrying out this section, a State agency shall ensure that, for any month— ‘‘(i) the proportion that— ‘‘(I) the number of married couple house-holds that are required to participate in work activation under this section in a month; bears to ‘‘(II) the number of all households that are required to participate in work activation under this section in the same month; is not greater than— ‘‘(ii) the proportion that— ‘‘(I) the number of all married couple households with eligible participants in the month; bears to ‘‘(II) the number of all households with eli-gible participants in the same month. ‘‘(c) S
HORT -TERM INTERIM WORK ACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State agency may re-quire eligible participants who meet the cri-teria in paragraph (2) to engage in— ‘‘(A) interim work activation as described in this subsection; or ‘‘(B) full work activation as described in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—A State agency may re-quire an eligible participant to participate in interim work activation instead of full work activation if the eligible participant has not engaged in work activation under this sec-tion in the preceding 3 years. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED JOB SEARCH .—A participant in interim work activation shall be re-quired— ‘‘(A) to participate in supervised job search for at least 6 hours per week; and ‘‘(B) to engage in such additional activities as the State agency may require. ‘‘(4) T
IME LIMIT ON INTERIM WORK ACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible participant shall not participate in interim work activa-tion for more than 3 months. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL TIME .—After an eligible participant has participated in interim work activation for 3 months, the State agency shall require the eligible participant— ‘‘(i) to maintain at least 100 hours of em-ployment per month; or ‘‘(ii) to participate in full work activation. ‘‘(d) F
ULLWORKACTIVATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, a State agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.075 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4683 June 27, 2018 
shall require all or part of the eligible par-ticipants in the State to engage in full work activation under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An eligible partici-pant who is required to participate in full work activation in a month shall be required to engage in 1 or more work and work prepa-ration activities for an average of 100 hours per month. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Of the total number of required hours described in paragraph (2), not fewer than 20 hours per week shall be at-tributable to an activity described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (L), (M), or (N) of subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(4) P
ARTICIPATION IN COMMUNITY SERVICE  
OR WORKFARE .—At least 10 percent of the eli-gible participants that a State requires to participate in full work activation under this section shall be required to participate in ac-tivities described in subparagraph (D), (G), or (M) of subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(5) W
ORK ACTIVATION NOT EMPLOYMENT .— Other than unsubsidized employment de-scribed in subsection (a)(4)(A), participation in work and work preparation activities under this section shall not be— ‘‘(A) considered to be employment; or ‘‘(B) subject to any law pertaining to wages, compensation, hours, or conditions of employment under any law administered by the Secretary of Labor. ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL REQUIRED ACTIVITY .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (g), nothing in this section prevents a State from requiring more than 100 hours per month of participa-tion in work and work preparation activi-ties. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) S
INGLE TEEN HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD OR  
MARRIED TEEN WHO MAINTAINS SATISFACTORY  
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, an eligible participant who is married or a head of household and who has not attained 20 years of age shall be consid-ered to have completed successful engage-ment in work activation for a month if the eligible participant— ‘‘(A) maintains satisfactory attendance at secondary school or the equivalent during the month; or ‘‘(B) participates in education directly re-lated to employment for an average of at least 20 hours per week during the month. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF PERSONS WHO  
MAY BE TREATED AS ENGAGED IN WORK ACTIVA -
TION BY REASON OF PARTICIPATION IN EDU -
CATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, not more than 30 percent of the number of individuals in a State who are treated as having completed successful en-gagement in work activation for a month may be individuals who are determined to be engaged in work activation for the month by reason of participation in vocational edu-cational training. ‘‘(f) S
TATE OPTION FOR PARTICIPATION RE-
QUIREMENT EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any fiscal year, a State agency, at the option of the State agency, may— ‘‘(A) exempt a household that includes a child who has not attained 12 months of age from engaging in work activation; and ‘‘(B) disregard that household in deter-mining the monthly participation rates under this section until the child has at-tained 12 months of age. ‘‘(2) EXCLUSION .—For purposes of deter-mining monthly participation rates under this section, a household that includes a child who has not attained 6 years of age shall be considered to be successfully en-gaged in work activation for a month if a member of the household receiving supple-mental nutrition assistance program bene-fits is engaged in work activation for an av-erage of at least 20 hours per week during the month. ‘‘(g) P
ENALTIES AGAINST INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), if an eligible participant in a household receiving assistance under the State program funded under this section fails to complete successful engagement in work activation in accordance with this sec-tion, the State agency shall— ‘‘(A) in accordance with paragraph (2), re-duce the amount of assistance otherwise payable to the entire household pro rata (or more, at the option of the State agency) with respect to the month immediately after any month in which the eligible participant fails to perform; or ‘‘(B) terminate the assistance entirely. ‘‘(2) P
RO RATA REDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), the amount of the pro rata reduction shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the normal monthly amount of assist-ance to the entire household that would have been received if not for the reduction under paragraph (1)(A); by ‘‘(B) the proportion that— ‘‘(i) the hours of required work and work preparation activities performed by the eli-gible participant during the month; bears to ‘‘(ii) the number or hours of work and work preparation activities the State agency re-quired the eligible participant to perform in accordance with this section. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A State may not reduce or terminate assistance under the State pro-gram funded under this section or any other State program funded with qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B))) based on a refusal of an eligible participant to engage in work and work preparation activities required under this section if— ‘‘(A) the eligible participant is a single custodial parent caring for a child who has not attained 6 years of age; and ‘‘(B) the eligible participant proves that the eligible participant has a demonstrated inability (as determined by the State agen-cy) to obtain needed child care, due to— ‘‘(i) unavailability of appropriate child care within a reasonable distance from the home or work site of the eligible participant; or ‘‘(ii) unavailability of all affordable child care arrangements, including formal child care and all informal child care by a relative or under other arrangements. ‘‘(h) LIMITATION ON HOURS OF REQUIRED  P
ARTICIPATION IN COMMUNITY SERVICE OR  W
ORKFARE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The maximum number of hours during a month that an eligible partic-ipant shall be required under this section to work in a community service program or a workfare program under section 20 shall not exceed the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(A) the total dollar cost of all means-test-ed benefits received by the household for that month, as determined under paragraph (2); by ‘‘(B) the Federal minimum wage. ‘‘(2) T
OTAL DOLLAR COST OF ALL MEANS - 
TESTED BENEFITS DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the total dollar cost of all means-tested benefits shall equal the sum of the dollar cost of all benefits received by the household from— ‘‘(i) the supplemental nutrition assistance program; ‘‘(ii) the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) or any other State pro-gram funded with qualified State expendi-tures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B)(i))); and ‘‘(iii) any assistance provided to a house-hold, landlord, or public housing agency (as defined in section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(6))) to subsidize the rental payment for a dwelling unit, including assistance provided for public housing dwelling units under section 3 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a) and assistance provided under section 8 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1437f). ‘‘(B) V
ALUE OF BENEFITS DURING SANC -
TION.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), if the dollar value of 1 or more benefits re-ceived by a household in a month has been reduced under subsection (g) or another sanction requirement, the calculated dollar value of the sanctioned benefits shall equal the dollar value of the benefit that would have been received if the benefit had not been reduced by the sanction. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Nothing in this subsection prevents a State agency from requiring an eligible participant to engage in activities not described in paragraph (1) for additional hours during the month. ‘‘(i) W
ORK ACTIVATION PARTICIPATION  G
OALS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing supplemental nutrition assistance pro-gram funds under this Act, except as pro-vided in paragraph (2), a State agency shall achieve for each quarter of the fiscal year with respect to all eligible participants re-ceiving assistance under the State program funded under this section for that fiscal year at least the participation rate specified in the following table: ‘‘If the fiscal year is: The quarterly participation rate shall be at least: 
2019 ........................................................................................................................... ................................... 20 percent 2020 ........................................................................................................................... ................................... 35 percent 2021 ........................................................................................................................... ................................... 50 percent 2022 ........................................................................................................................... ................................... 65 percent 2023 ........................................................................................................................... ................................... 80 percent. 
‘‘(2) A DJUSTMENT IF RECESSIONARY PE -
RIOD.—If the average national unemploy-ment rate during a quarter of a fiscal year, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics of the Department of Labor, is more than 8 percent, the participation goal for the immediately succeeding quarter shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.075 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4684 June 27, 2018 
‘‘(A) the applicable quarterly participation rate under paragraph (1); by ‘‘(B) 0.8. ‘‘(j) C
ALCULATION OF WORK ACTIVATION  P
ARTICIPATION RATES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF SANCTIONED RECIPIENT .— In this subsection, the term ‘sanctioned re-cipient’ means any eligible participant who— ‘‘(A) was required to participate in work activation in a month; ‘‘(B) failed to perform the assigned work and work preparation activities so as to meet the relevant hourly requirements in subsection (c), (d), or (e)(2); and ‘‘(C) was sanctioned by a reduced benefit payment in the subsequent month under sub-section (g). ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The work activation participation rate for a State for any quarter of a fiscal year shall equal the average of the monthly participation rates for the State during the 3 months of that quarter. ‘‘(3) M
ONTHLY PARTICIPATION RATE .—For purposes of paragraph (2), the monthly par-ticipation rate shall equal the ratio of all countable participants to all eligible partici-pants in the month, as determined under paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) R
ATIO OF ALL COUNTABLE PARTICIPANTS  
TO ALL ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—Subject to paragraph (5), the ratio of all countable par-ticipants to all eligible participants in a month equals the proportion that— ‘‘(A) the sum obtained by adding— ‘‘(i) all eligible participants who— ‘‘(I) were required by the State to engage in interim work activation, full work activa-tion, or education under subsection (e)(1) during the month; and ‘‘(II) fulfilled the criteria for successful en-gagement in work activation for that activ-ity during the month; and ‘‘(ii) all sanctioned recipients for that month; bears to ‘‘(B) the average number of eligible partici-pants in the State in that month. ‘‘(5) M
ULTIPLE ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—A married couple household consisting of more than 1 eligible participant shall be counted as a single eligible participant for purposes of calculating the participation rate under this subsection. ‘‘(k) P
ENALTIES FOR INADEQUATE STATE  P
ERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 and for each subse-quent quarter of fiscal year 2020 and of each subsequent fiscal year, each State shall count the monthly average number of count-able participants under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN FUNDING .—If the month-ly average number of countable participants in a State of a fiscal year is not sufficient to fulfill the relevant work activation partici-pation goal under subsection (i) during that quarter, the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program funding for the State under this Act shall be reduced for the fiscal quar-ter that begins 180 days after the first day of the quarter in which the inadequate perform-ance occurred in accordance with paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) F
UNDING IN PENALIZED QUARTER .—The total amount of funding a State shall receive for all households with eligible participants for a quarter for which funding is reduced under paragraph (2) shall equal the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(A) the total amount of funding that the State would have received in the preceding quarter for all households with eligible par-ticipants if no reduction had been in place; by ‘‘(B) the ratio of all countable participants to all eligible participants (as determined under subsection (j)(4)) for the quarter that began 180 days before the first day of the quarter for which funding is reduced. ‘‘(l) FUNDING TOADMINISTER WORKACTIVA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) TANF 
FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State that receives supplemental nutrition assistance program funds under this Act may use dur-ing that fiscal year to carry out the work ac-tivation program of the State under this sec-tion— ‘‘(i) any of the Federal funds available to the State through the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) in that fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) any of the funds from State sources allocated to the operation of the program de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(B) E
FFECT .—Any State that uses State funds allocated to the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) to administer the work activation program of that State under this section may treat those funds as qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)(B)(i))) for purposes of meeting the requirements of section 409(a)(7) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 609(a)(7)) in that fiscal year. ‘‘(2) W
ORKFORCE INVESTMENT ACT FUND -
ING.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year, a State that receives Federal funds under the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.) may use up to 50 percent of those funds during that fiscal year to carry out the work activation program of the State under this section. ‘‘(3) S
UPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING PRO -
GRAM .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, for fiscal year 2019 and each subse-quent fiscal year, a State that receives Fed-eral funds under this Act for an employment and training program under section 6(d) may use those funds during that fiscal year to carry out the work activation program of the State under this section.’’. 
SEC. 4116. EMERGENCY FOOD ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S TATE PLAN.—Section 202A(b) of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7503(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) at the option of the State agency, de-scribe a plan of operation for 1 or more projects in partnership with 1 or more emer-gency feeding organizations located in the State to harvest, process, and package do-nated commodities received under section 203D(d); and ‘‘(6) describe a plan, which may include the use of a State advisory board established under subsection (c), that provides emer-gency feeding organizations or eligible re-cipient agencies within the State an oppor-tunity to provide input on the commodity preferences and needs of the emergency feed-ing organization or eligible recipient agen-cy.’’. (b) S
TATE AND LOCAL SUPPLEMENTATION OF  C
OMMODITIES .—Section 203D of the Emer-gency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7507) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) P
ROJECTS TO HARVEST , PROCESS , AND P
ACKAGE DONATED COMMODITIES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF PROJECT .—In this sub-section, the term ‘project’ means the har-vesting, processing, or packaging of unharvested, unprocessed, or unpackaged commodities donated by agricultural pro-ducers, processors, or distributors for use by emergency feeding organizations under sub-section (a). ‘‘(2) FEDERAL FUNDING FOR PROJECTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (C) and paragraph (3), using funds made available under paragraph (5), the Secretary may provide funding to States to pay for the costs of carrying out a project. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project under subparagraph (A) shall not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the project. ‘‘(C) A
LLOCATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each fiscal year, the Sec-retary shall allocate to States that have sub-mitted under section 202A(b)(5) a State plan describing a plan of operation for a project the funds made available under subparagraph (A) based on a formula determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) R
EALLOCATION .—If the Secretary de-termines that a State will not expend all of the funds allocated to the State for a fiscal year under clause (i), the Secretary shall re-allocate the unexpended funds to other States that have submitted under section 202A(b)(5) a State plan describing a plan of operation for a project during that fiscal year or the subsequent fiscal year, as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(iii) R
EPORTS .—Each State to which funds are allocated for a fiscal year under this sub-paragraph shall, on a regular basis, submit to the Secretary financial reports describing the use of the funds. ‘‘(3) P
ROJECT PURPOSES .—A State may only use Federal funds received under paragraph (2) for a project the purposes of which are— ‘‘(A) to reduce food waste at the agricul-tural production, processing, or distribution level through the donation of food; ‘‘(B) to provide food to individuals in need; and ‘‘(C) to build relationships between agri-cultural producers, processors, and distribu-tors and emergency feeding organizations through the donation of food. ‘‘(4) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary may encourage a State agency that carries out a project using Federal funds re-ceived under paragraph (2) to enter into co-operative agreements with State agencies of other States under section 203B(d) to maxi-mize the use of commodities donated under the project. ‘‘(5) F
UNDING .—Out of funds not otherwise appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to the Secretary to carry out this subsection $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until the end of the subsequent fiscal year.’’. (c) F
OOD WASTE .—Section 203D of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7507) (as amended by subsection (b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) F
OOD WASTE .—The Secretary shall issue guidance outlining best practices to minimize the food waste of the commodities donated under subsection (a).’’. (d) E
MERGENCY FOODPROGRAM INFRASTRUC -
TURE GRANTS .—Section 209(d) of the Emer-gency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7511a(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (e) A
VAILABILITY OF COMMODITIES FOR THE  E
MERGENCY FOOD ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— Section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.075 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4685 June 27, 2018 
(ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iii) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2019, $23,000,000; ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2020, $35,000,000; ‘‘(vii) for fiscal year 2021, $35,000,000; ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2022, $35,000,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2023, $35,000,000; and’’; and (C) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘(D)(iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D)(ix)’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘June 30, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘June 30, 2023’’. 
SEC. 4117. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) Section 3 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2012) is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘7(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘7(h)’’; (2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘7(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘7(h)’’; and (3) in subsection (o)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘(r)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘(q)(1)’’. (b) Section 5(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘3(n)(4)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘3(m)(4)’’. (c) Section 8 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2017) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘3(n)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(m)(5)’’; and (2) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘3(n)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(m)(5)’’. (d) Section 9(c) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2018(c)) is amended in the third sentence by striking ‘‘to any used by’’ and inserting ‘‘to, and used by,’’. (e) Section 10 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2019) is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘or the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation’’ each place it appears; and (2) by striking ‘‘3(p)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘3(o)(4)’’. (f) Section 11 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2020) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘3(t)(1)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘3(s)(1)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘3(t)(2)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘3(s)(2)’’. (g) Section 18(e) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2027(e)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘7(f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘7(e)’’. (h) Section 25(a)(1)(B)(i)(I) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2034(a)(1)(B)(i)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘service;;’’ and inserting ‘‘service;’’. 
SA 3339. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REAUTHORIZATION OF RURAL EMER-GENCY MEDICAL SERVICES TRAIN-ING AND EQUIPMENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting and Improving Rural EMS Needs Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SIREN Act of 2018’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 330J of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–15) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in rural areas’’ and inserting ‘‘in rural areas or to residents of rural areas’’; (2) by striking subsections (b) through (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) ELIGIBILITY ; APPLICATION .—To be eli-gible to receive grant under this section, an entity shall— ‘‘(1) be— ‘‘(A) an emergency medical services agency operated by a local or tribal government (in-cluding fire-based and non-fire based); or ‘‘(B) an emergency medical services agency that is described in section 501(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; and ‘‘(2) submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An entity— ‘‘(1) shall use amounts received through a grant under subsection (a) to— ‘‘(A) train emergency medical services per-sonnel as appropriate to obtain and maintain licenses and certifications relevant to serv-ice in an emergency medical services agency described in subsection (b)(1); ‘‘(B) conduct courses that qualify grad-uates to serve in an emergency medical serv-ices agency described in subsection (b)(1) in accordance with State and local require-ments; ‘‘(C) fund specific training to meet Federal or State licensing or certification require-ments; and ‘‘(D) acquire emergency medical services equipment; and ‘‘(2) may use amounts received through a grant under subsection (a) to— ‘‘(A) recruit and retain emergency medical services personnel, which may include volun-teer personnel; ‘‘(B) develop new ways to educate emer-gency health care providers through the use of technology-enhanced educational meth-ods; or ‘‘(C) acquire personal protective equipment for emergency medical services personnel as required by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. ‘‘(d) G
RANT AMOUNTS .—Each grant awarded under this section shall be in an amount not to exceed $200,000 . ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘emergency medical serv-ices’— ‘‘(A) means resources used by a public or private nonprofit licensed entity to deliver medical care outside of a medical facility under emergency conditions that occur as a result of the condition of the patient; and ‘‘(B) includes services delivered (either on a compensated or volunteer basis) by an emergency medical services provider or other provider that is licensed or certified by the State involved as an emergency medical technician, a paramedic, or an equivalent professional (as determined by the State). ‘‘(2) The term ‘rural area’ means— ‘‘(A) a nonmetropolitan statistical area; ‘‘(B) an area designated as a rural area by any law or regulation of a State; or ‘‘(C) a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent rural urban commuting area code as set forth by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget). ‘‘(f) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-retary may not award a grant under this sec-tion to an entity unless the entity agrees that the entity will make available (directly or through contributions from other public or private entities) non-Federal contribu-tions toward the activities to be carried out under the grant in an amount equal to 15 percent of the amount received under the grant.’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘2002 through 2006’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. SA 3340. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. IDENTIFICATION FOR CARD USE. 
Section 7(h)(9) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2016(h)(9)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘O
PTIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘I
DENTIFICATION FOR CARD  
USE’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (3) by inserting before clause (i) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(A) L
ISTED BENEFICIARIES .—A State agen-cy shall require that an electronic benefit card lists the names of— ‘‘(i) the head of the household; ‘‘(ii) each adult member of the household; and ‘‘(iii) each adult that is not a member of the household that is authorized to use that card. ‘‘(B) P
HOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICATION RE -
QUIRED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under clause (ii), any individual listed on an elec-tronic benefit card under subparagraph (A) shall be required to show photographic iden-tification at the point of sale when using the card. ‘‘(ii) H
EAD OF HOUSEHOLD .—A head of a household is not required to show photo-graphic identification under clause (i) if the electronic benefit card contains a photo-graph of that individual under subparagraph (C)(i). ‘‘(C) O
PTIONAL PHOTOGRAPHIC IDENTIFICA -
TION.—’’; (4) in subparagraph (C) (as so designated)— (A) in clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘1 or more members of a’’ and in-serting ‘‘the head of the’’; and (B) in clause (ii) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘subject to subparagraph (B)(i)’’ after ‘‘the card’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) V
ISUAL VERIFICATION .—Any individual that is shown photographic identification or an electronic benefit card containing a pho-tograph, as applicable, under subparagraph (B) shall visually confirm that the photo-graph on the identification or the electronic benefit card, as applicable, is a clear and ac-curate likeness of the individual using the electronic benefit card.’’. 
SA 3341. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. B
ARRASSO , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 pro-posed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VI, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.075 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4686 June 27, 2018 
SEC. 62ll. LOANS FOR CARBON DIOXIDE CAP-TURE AND UTILIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 19 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 20. LOANS FOR CARBON DIOXIDE CAPTURE AND UTILIZATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regula-tions), in carrying out any program under this Act under which the Secretary provides a loan or loan guarantee, the Secretary may provide such a loan or loan guarantee to fa-cilities employing commercially dem-onstrated technologies for carbon dioxide capture and utilization.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 3 of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 903) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘There are’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b)(2), there are’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) L
OANS FOR CARBON DIOXIDE CAPTURE  
ANDUTILIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out section 20. ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE APPROPRIATIONS .—The sums appropriated under paragraph (1) shall be separate and distinct from the sums appro-priated under subsection (a).’’. 
SA 3342. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike paragraph (1) of section 9103 and in-sert the following: (1) in subsection (b)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pro-duces an advanced biofuel; and’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘produces any 1 or more, or a combination, of— ‘‘(i) an advanced biofuel; ‘‘(ii) a renewable chemical; or ‘‘(iii) a biobased product;’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘pro-duces an advanced biofuel.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘produces any 1 or more, or a combination, of— ‘‘(i) an advanced biofuel; ‘‘(ii) a renewable chemical; or ‘‘(iii) a biobased product; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) a technology for the capture, compres-sion, or utilization of carbon dioxide that is produced at a biorefinery producing an ad-vanced biofuel, a renewable chemical, or a biobased product.’’; and 
SA 3343. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: SEC. 41ll. CATEGORICAL ELIGIBILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5 of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘As-sistance’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATIONS FOR PARTICIPATION .—As- sistance’’; (B) in the second sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘Act, shall be eligible’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Except’’ in the third sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘Act. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL ELIGIBILITY .—Except’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Act, or aid’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Act. ‘‘(D) Households in which each member re-ceives aid’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘supplemental security’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘with an income eligibility limit of not greater than 130 per-cent of the poverty line (as defined in sub-section (c)(1)). ‘‘(B) Households in which each member is elderly or disabled and receives cash assist-ance or ongoing and substantial services under a State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), with an income eligibility limit of not greater than 200 percent of the poverty line (as defined in subsection (c)(1)). ‘‘(C) Households in which each member re-ceives supplemental security’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘households in which each member receives benefits’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the following households shall be eligible to participate in the supplemental nutrition assistance program: ‘‘(A) Households in which each member re-ceives cash assistance or ongoing and sub-stantial services’’; and (v) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) C
ATEGORIES OF ELIGIBILITY .—Notwith- standing’’; and (C) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘(a) Participation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) E
LIGIBILITY FOR PARTICIPATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Participation’’; and (2) in subsection (j)— (A) by striking ‘‘or who receives benefits’’ and inserting ‘‘cash assistance or ongoing and substantial services’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) to have’’ and inserting ‘‘that Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), with an income eligibility limit of not greater than 130 percent of the poverty line (as defined in subsection (c)(1)), or who is elderly or disabled and receives cash assistance or ongoing and substantial services under a State program funded under that part, with an income eligibility limit of not more than 200 percent of the poverty line (as defined in subsection (c)(1)), to have’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect Oc-tober 1, 2020. 
SA 3344. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike subtitle A of title IV and insert the following: Subtitle A—Nutrition Assistance Block Grant Program SEC. 4001. NUTRITION ASSISTANCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2028, the Secretary shall estab-lish a nutrition assistance block grant pro-gram under which the Secretary shall make annual grants to each participating State that establishes a nutrition assistance pro-gram in the State and submits to the Sec-retary annual reports under subsection (d). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—As a requirement of receiving grants under this section, the Gov-ernor of each participating State shall cer-tify that the State nutrition assistance pro-gram includes— (1) work requirements; (2) mandatory drug testing; (3) verification of citizenship or proof of lawful permanent residency of the United States; and (4) limitations on the eligible uses of bene-fits that are at least as restrictive as the limitations in place for the supplemental nu-trition assistance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) as of øMay 31, 2012¿. (c) A
MOUNT OF GRANT .—For each fiscal year, the Secretary shall make a grant to each participating State in an amount equal to the product of— (1) the amount made available under sec-tion 4002 for the applicable fiscal year; and (2) the proportion that— (A) the number of legal residents in the State whose income does not exceed 100 per-cent of the poverty line (as defined in section 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902), including any revision required by that section) applicable to a family of the size involved; bears to (B) the number of such individuals in all participating States for the applicable fiscal year, based on data for the most recent fiscal year for which data is available. (d) A
NNUAL REPORT REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1 of each year, each State that receives a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary a report that shall include, for the year covered by the report— (A) a description of the structure and de-sign of the nutrition assistance program of the State, including the manner in which residents of the State qualify for the pro-gram; (B) the cost the State incurs to administer the program; (C) whether the State has established a rainy day fund for the nutrition assistance program of the State; and (D) general statistics about participation in the nutrition assistance program. (2) A
UDIT.—Each year, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (A) conduct an audit on the effectiveness of the nutritional assistance block grant pro-gram and the manner in which each partici-pating State is implementing the program; and (B) not later than June 30, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report describing— (i) the results of the audit; and (ii) the manner in which the State will carry out the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program in the State, including eligi-bility and fraud prevention requirements. (e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A State that receives a grant under this section may use the grant in any manner determined to be appropriate by the State to provide nutrition assistance to the legal residents of the State. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Grant funds made available to a State under this section shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.076 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4687 June 27, 2018 
(A) remain available to the State for a pe-riod of 5 years; and (B) after that period, shall— (i) revert to the Federal Government to be deposited in the Treasury and used for Fed-eral budget deficit reduction; or (ii) if there is no Federal budget deficit, be used to reduce the Federal debt in such man-ner as the Secretary of the Treasury con-siders appropriate. 
SEC. 4002. FUNDING. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— (1) for fiscal year 2019, $33,750,000,000; (2) for fiscal year 2020, $34,500,000,000; (3) for fiscal year 2021, $35,800,000,000; (4) for fiscal year 2022, $37,100,000,000; (5) for fiscal year 2023, $38,800,000,000; (6) for fiscal year 2024, $40,000,000,000; (7) for fiscal year 2025, $42,000,000,000; (8) for fiscal year 2026, $43,200,000,000; (9) for fiscal year 2027, $45,000,000,000; and (10) for fiscal year 2028, $46,300,000,000. (b) A
DJUSTMENT TO DISCRETIONARY SPEND -
INGLIMITS .—Section 251(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(G) N
UTRITION ASSISTANCE BLOCK GRANT  
PROGRAM .—If a bill or joint resolution mak-ing appropriations for a fiscal year is en-acted that specifies an amount for the nutri-tion assistance block grant program estab-lished under section 4001(a) of the Agri-culture Improvement Act of 2018, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the additional new budget authority provided in that bill or joint resolution for that block grant program.’’. 
SEC. 4003. REPEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Effective September 30, 2018, the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) is repealed. (b) R
EPEAL OF MANDATORY FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, effective September 30, 2018, the supplemental nutrition assist-ance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) (as in effect prior to that date) shall cease to be a program funded through direct spending (as defined in section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)) prior to the amendment made by paragraph (2)). (2) D
IRECT SPENDING .—Effective September 30, 2018, section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)(8)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (C) by striking subparagraph (C). (3) E
NTITLEMENT AUTHORITY .—Effective September 30, 2018, section 3(9) of the Con-gressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 622(9)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘means—’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘the authority to make’’ and inserting ‘‘means the authority to make’’; (B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and (C) by striking subparagraph (B). (4) O
THER DIRECT SPENDING .—Effective Sep-tember 30, 2018, section 1026(5) of the Con-gressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 691e(5)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (C) by striking subparagraph (C). (c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW.—Any ref- erence in this Act, an amendment made by this Act, or any other Act to the supple-mental nutrition assistance program shall be considered to be a reference to the nutrition assistance block grant program under this subtitle. SEC. 4004. BASELINE. 
Notwithstanding section 257 of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 907), the baseline shall assume that, on and after September 30, 2018, no benefits shall be provided under the sup-plemental nutrition assistance program es-tablished under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.) (as in effect prior to that date). 
SA 3345. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3224 proposed by Mr. R
OBERTS (for himself and Ms. S TABE -
NOW) to the bill H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 669, strike lines 10 through 13 and insert the following: ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Sec-retary shall make available to carry out this section $19,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mrs. BLUNT. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Lieutenant General Ste-phen R. Lyons, USA, to be general and Commander, United States Transpor-tation Command, Department of De-fense. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘How to Reduce Health Care Cost: Un-derstanding the Cost of Health Care in America.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Medicaid Fraud and Overpay-ments: Problems and Solutions.’’ COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 10:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘FAST–41 and the Federal Permit-ting Improvement Steering Council: Progress to date and Next Steps.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Eligibility Requirements for the Radiation Expo-sure Compensation Program to Ensure all Downwinders Receive Coverage.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing on the nomination of Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, June 27, 2018, at 2:15 p.m., to con-duct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ANTITRUST , COMPETITION  
POLICY AND CONSUMER RIGHTS  
The Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights of the Committee on the Judici-ary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting our Elec-tions: Examining Shell Companies and Virtual Currencies as Avenues for For-eign Interference.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following individuals with the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be granted floor privileges for the dura-tion of debate on the farm bill: detailee Chu-Yuan Hwang and interns Lane Coberly, Hannah Taylor, and Clara Wicoff. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Alexis Young, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for the duration of today’s session of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that two members of my staff, Lauren Tavar and Ariana Spawn, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the consideration of the farm bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN6.077 S27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4688 June 27, 2018 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., June 28; fur-ther, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. Finally, I ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 2. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:09 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 28, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JN6.069 S27JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE927 June 27, 2018 
PETTY OFFICER VERONICA AILLIM ALCAZAR 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Petty Officer Veronica Aillim Alcazar of Winslow Township, in New Jersey’s First Congressional District. Petty Officer Alcazar was a graduate of Camden County Technical Schools at Penn-sauken, NJ Campus and graduated with the Class of 2010. She proudly served in the United States Navy since her enlistment in 2012. Petty Officer Alcazar was the loving daugh-ter of Consuelo ‘‘Connie’’ Alcazar and Jessie Lopez, beloved sister of Elizette Peralta, Dean Alcazar and Rosemary Alcazar, cherished granddaughter of William and Emerita Alcazar and Ernestina Lopez, adored niece of Alex-ander and Vianey Alcazar and William and Lucie Alcazar, loving cousin of Ethan and Wil-liam III, and fiance of Aamir Awad Muham-mad. Petty Officer Alcazar is by all accounts an American hero who selflessly served her country. Her service to the Unites States Armed Forces, sacrifice on behalf of the free-dom of the United States of America and noble legacy will always be remembered. I ask you to join me in honoring the memory of this great American. 
f 
THANKING VETERAN ANNA LOU-ISE RICHARDS KOENNING FOR HER SERVICE DURING WWII 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-press my gratitude to a great woman for her military service, Mrs. Anna ‘‘Andy’’ Louise Richards Koenning. Andy is a 96-year-old Lieutenant Junior Grade veteran of World War II. During her service in the United States Navy, from 1945 to 1946, her efforts were in-strumental in ensuring the safety of our na-tion’s aircraft. Andy was born in Ogden, Kansas in 1922. One of 8 siblings, she quickly learned the val-ues of hard work and persistence. She spent time working for Beech Aircraft before joining the United States Navy in 1945 after being persuaded to pursue the opportunity by a close friend. During her year of service, Andy traveled by train from Kansas to New York for basic train-ing. She served by assisting other female ca-dets through their daily routine. Following this, she returned by train to Corpus Christi, Texas, where she spent time manufacturing tools and airline materials. It was here where she worked alongside a predominantly male team that gave her the nickname ‘‘Andy’’, as well as where she met her husband, Eddie Lee Koenning. She was honorably discharged in 1946. Andy currently resides in Deer Park, Texas, and thoroughly enjoys fishing and watching the Houston Astros. She and her husband have five daughters: Peggy Jones, Bobbie Koenning, Patty Mayes, Debbie Bragg, and Kathy Preston. I thank Mrs. Koenning for her selfless mili-tary service to this great nation. f 
OATH OF CITIZENSHIP ON JULY 4, 2018 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate the fifty individuals who will take their oath of citizenship on July 4, 2018. In true patriotic fashion, on the day of our great Nation’s celebration of independ-ence, a naturalization ceremony will take place, welcoming new citizens of the United States of America. This memorable occasion, coordinated by the League of Women Voters of the Calumet Area and presided over by Magistrate Judge Andrew Rodovich, will be held at The Pavilion at Wolf Lake in Ham-mond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. The oath ceremony is a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On July 4, 2018, the following people, rep-resenting many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Issam Marzouki, Jose Antonio Guzman Gonzalez, Bilin Yu, Gonzalo Vargas Lopez, Anna Anatolevna Olekminskaya, Onecima Duarte, Dominic Gikonyo Mburu, Jose Roberto Juarez Diaz, Masauko Joseph Chimayi, Krzysztof Twardus, Carryl Joice Ignacio Kyle, Christina Berthier, Griselda Montanez Serrano, Tchinga Harvey Ndalama, Jose de Jesus Zamora Pulido, Maria del Socorro Lopez, Heng Fu, Francis Josue Silfa Sena, Edgar Israel Castro Alvarez, Mona Samir Abdelhalim Mohamed, Solomon Elileojor Egbeama, Justyna Maria Oldham, Arman Bautista Villanueva, Ivana Twardus, Tai Trong Hoang, Clasido Aguilar, Adewale Sterling Ajibade, Lily Chen Banks, Sergio E. Castro, Gerardo del Real, Berenice Flores, Antonia Garcia, Olga Abril Gibson Cabrera, Cesar Gonzalez, Mohamed Latif, Yogesh Maniar, Romelia Medina, Victor Manuel Men-doza, Alexander Jose Midence, Leticia S. Mor-ris, Jane Wairimu Muchiri, Nicolas Nieto, Erika Valentina Palmerin, Heron Rodriguez, Porfirio Samaniego, Jacobo Sarabia, Angelina Serrano, Fatima Sheremetyeva, Abdou Rahmane Tamba, and Ben Van Vuong. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in congratulating these fifty individuals who will become citizens of the United States of Amer-ica on July 4, 2018, the anniversary of our Na-tion’s independence. They, too, will be Amer-ican citizens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, con-gratulate them and welcome them. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RON M CMASTER 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Californian Ron McMaster on his retirement after 38 years of outstanding con-tributions to American music. In the heart of my Congressional district, near the famous intersection of Hollywood and Vine, stands the iconic Capitol Records Tower. It’s fitting that many think the landmark building looks like a stack of records, as the building has produced some of our country’s most notable and treasured recordings—from the Beach Boys to Pat Benatar and the Blue Note catalog. For 38 years, legendary vinyl mastering engineer Ron McMaster has called that Tower home and, thanks to his unique ar-tistic talent, helped to make it the epicenter of the American Sound. From his Audio Mastering studio on the ground floor, Ron McMaster takes studio re-cordings and—using a distinctive blend of math, science, technology, art, a touch of magic and years of unparalleled expertise— delicately fashions the masters used to create vinyl records, CD’s and commercial online music products. If you’ve listened to the Beach Boys, Don McLean, Frank Sinatra, the Rolling Stones, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Chet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JN8.001 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE928 June 27, 2018 
Baker, David Guetta, Radiohead, and count-less others, you’ve witnessed his genius. T–Bone Burnett, who worked with McMaster on the 2007 Grammy winning collaboration between Allison Krauss and Robert Plant, called Ron ‘‘the final aesthetic arbiter of the work. Ron, and the people who do what they do, are creative artists. They’re closer to cre-ative artists than technicians.’’ Ron has been nominated for Grammy awards in recognition of his artistic excellence. He’s a member of the Los Angeles Chapter of The Recording Academy and widely recog-nized as one of the world’s preeminent jazz mastering engineers. McMaster’s magical touch will be missed, but his legacy is cemented in the countless records he helped create. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Ron McMaster for his contribution to the American Soundtrack and wishing him all the best on his well-earned re-tirement. 
f 
RED ROCKS COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the team from Red Rocks Community College on be-coming a finalist for a fourth year in a row in the National Science Foundation’s Community College Innovation Challenge. This program serves as an innovative way for community college students to partner with local indus-tries to create pioneering STEM-based solu-tions for real world issues. The Red Rocks team addressed the impor-tant challenge of helping the 250,000 Ameri-cans suffering with an anterior cruciate liga-ment (ACL) injury each year by designing BraceX, a low-cost solution to help patients stay mobile during recovery. BraceX is in-tended to reduce weight-bearing at the knee joint by using a passive spring system that by-passes the knee by transferring the weight to other parts of the leg during the walking cycle, helping patients quickly recover and return to their independence. I congratulate the Red Rocks Team of Brad-ley Helliwell, Keegan Salankey, Logan Beford, Justin Nichols, Justin Troche, and their faculty advisor Liz Cox for their success. I applaud this group for their dedication to this important project and their leadership and commitment to STEM education. I am proud of the work Red Rocks Community College does every day and I look forward to seeing what the school and these students accomplish in the years to come. 
f 
COMMENDATION OF COL. JAMES G. PANGELINAN 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, one of the rea-sons I have worked to increase the number of young people from the Mariana Islands who can attend the U.S. military academies is be-cause I believe the Marianas offer a wealth of talent that can add to the strength of our mili-tary. A case in point is West Point graduate James G. Pangelinan, who just hit 22 years of active duty service on June 1 and who grad-uated from the Army War College on June 8 with a master of arts in strategic studies and distinguished graduate honors. At the same time Pangelinan was promoted to the rank of colonel. He is the first person from the Mari-anas to graduate from West Point and, I un-derstand, the first from our islands to graduate from the Army War College. I would like to review COL Pangelinan’s dis-tinguished career to date. Upon graduation from West Point with a bachelor of science degree in English literature and philosophy, he received his commission and began service. According to information from the U.S. Army, Pangelinan first was assigned as a rifle pla-toon leader and company executive officer in the 1st Battalion, 23rd Infantry Regiment at Fort Lewis, Washington from 1997–99. He next served as an assistant operations officer with the Ranger Training Brigade at Fort Benning, Georgia from 2000–02. While as-signed to Schofield Barracks, Hawaii from 2002–06, he served as a brigade and battalion assistant operations officer, commanded a rifle company in the 1st Battalion, 14th Infantry Regiment, and deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. From 2006–08, Pangelinan was an Opposi-tion Forces commander with the Battle Com-mand Training Program at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. He deployed to Afghanistan, serving as a strategist in the NATO Training Mission Afghanistan in Kabul. From 2011–13, he served as the battalion executive officer of the 1st Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment, Fort Carson, Colorado and deployed to Afghani-stan in support of Operation Enduring Free-dom. From 2013–14, Pangelinan served as the Brigade Rear Detachment commander of the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, 4th In-fantry Division. He commanded the 2nd Bat-talion, 58th Infantry Regiment at Fort Benning from 2014–16. Following battalion command, COL Pangelinan served on the Army Staff in the G–3/5/7 where he was responsible for the publication and execution of the Army Cam-paign Plan 2017. Throughout this time Pangelinan continued his academic pursuits, earning a master of military art and science from the School of Ad-vanced Military Studies and a Master of Arts in Security Studies from Kansas State Univer-sity both in 2010. Pangelinan’s awards and decorations in-clude the Bronze Star, Meritorious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Joint Service Achievement Medal, Army Achieve-ment Medal, Ranger Tab, Parachutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, Pathfinder Badge, Combat Infantryman Badge, and Expert Infantryman Badge. He is the son of Dulce Pangelinan and Edward D.L.G. Pangelinan, who was the lead negotiator of the Covenant to Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands in Political Union with the United States of America and who was the first person elect-ed to represent the Marianas here in Wash-ington. COL Pangelinan begins a two-year stint in the Republic of Korea on the staff of U.S. Forces Korea in July to continue a career his family and the Mariana Islands can all be proud of. I salute COL James G. Pangelinan for his many achievements and thank him for his service. f 
IN APPRECIATION OF THE SERVICE OF WILSAR JOHNSON 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Wilsar Johnson for her dedicated service to the House of Representatives. As the Judiciary Committee’s Democratic Digital Director, she kept us current through exten-sive social media engagement, creative brand-ing, and storytelling. Wilsar is a first generation Sierra Leonean- American immigrant and is also a proud recipi-ent of the Diversity Visa Lottery program. Wilsar spent her formative years in Camden, New Jersey, and is a graduate of Georgian Court University. As the Judiciary Committee’s Democratic Digital Director, she kept us current through extensive social media engagement, creative branding and storytelling. She oversaw the mi-nority’s social media platforms and multimedia portfolio, including video production, live broadcasts, graphic design and photography. Wilsar is a founding Member of the first ever Congressional Democratic Digital Communica-tions Staff Association, where she provides coaching and professional development to other Hill staff. In addition to the Judiciary Committee, Wilsar has served in the offices of Represent-atives K
AREN BASSof California, Rush Holt of New Jersey, and B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN of New Jersey. Wilsar’s charismatic attitude and dedication have made her an integral member of our team. I thank her for her service and wish her the best of luck as she starts a new journey in the upper body. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CINDY M
CCOWN 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Cindy McCown, a champion against hunger and for food security in our region. In her 34 years of work for the Second Harvest Food Bank of Santa Clara and San Mateo counties, Cindy has seen first-hand that nutritious food is an essential ingredient to a healthy and pro-ductive life. In fact, Cindy created many of the programs that have made nutritious food ac-cessible to tens of thousands of children, fami-lies and seniors in Northern California. Cindy rose through the ranks at the food bank and over the years built strong relation-ships with policy makers to create a more ro-bust hunger-safety net. I count myself as one of those lucky policy makers who had the honor to work with Cindy on key legislation, such as the Farm Bill. It was Cindy who con-vinced me to take the Food Stamp challenge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JN8.004 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE929 June 27, 2018 
in 2011. This profound and humbling experi-ence changed my perspective on hunger and food dependence forever. I’ve also sorted food with Cindy at the food bank to get a more complete understanding of its role in feeding and supporting our residents. For almost 90,000 residents in my Congressional District, SNAP and the food bank are literally a life line. Cindy’s passion for food justice started early in her life. Originally from Spokane, Wash-ington, Cindy’s father, a psychiatrist, moved the family to San Luis Obispo to accept a job at Atascadero State Hospital when Cindy was in kindergarten. She earned her under-graduate and graduate degrees in nutrition from California Polytechnic State University. During college, she did a nine-months intern-ship teaching nutrition to migrant children in the agricultural town of Oceana. That experi-ence made her see up close just how chal-lenging it is to afford healthy and nutritious food when you are poor. In 1984 the Second Harvest Food Bank had a job opening for a community nutritionist and Cindy jumped at the opportunity. Back then, the food bank was located in an old bottling plant and had an annual budget of less than $1 million. Today, the organization has three facilities, including a dedicated produce dis-tribution center, and an annual budget of $42 million. Cindy grew and grew with the rel-atively new concept of a food bank. She led efforts to better organize the food distribution and to bring it closer to the people who need-ed it. She created partnerships with non-profit organizations and more than 900 distribution sites in almost every zip code. She also came up with the idea for a multilingual hotline to connect callers to the closest food. Instead of looking at the organization purely as a food provider, Cindy found creative ways to turn it into a local community leader on ending hun-ger. After the Lorna Prieta earthquake in 1989, Cindy helped create CADRE, the Collabo-rating Agencies Disaster Relief Effort, to effec-tively respond to natural disasters. Second Harvest Food Bank is still part of the CADRE leadership team. In 1997, Cindy was instru-mental in forming the Safety New Project, a partnership to address welfare reform impacts. She continues to co-chair that committee. At the height of the Great Recession in 2010, Cindy in collaboration with the Santa Clara Social Services Agency, secured millions of dollars through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act and the county was the first in the country to provide ‘‘stimulus food boxes’’ to those in need. Cindy has a gift to bring public and private resources together to help people in need, educate the public and fight against the stigma of poverty. Under her leadership Second Har-vest Food Bank has been honored with Feed-ing America’s Advocacy Hall of Fame the last four year in a row. With each dose of food, Cindy hands out a dose of dignity. In 2015, Second Harvest named Cindy Vice President of Community Engagement and Pol-icy. In that role she formed the Children’s Nu-trition Coalition, which includes a dozen school districts, libraries, youth groups, and social services agencies, to ensure children get nutri-tious food particularly during the summer when families don’t have access to school meals. She also launched the school breakfast initiative in high-need areas. Due to those pro-grams, local children received over 300,000 additional meals last year. Mr. Speaker, I ask the members of the House of Representatives to rise with me to celebrate a community leader who has literally nurtured tens of thousands of lives throughout her remarkable career. Cindy McCown is a vi-sionary trailblazer and tireless advocate for people in need. She leaves behind a legacy of empathy, compassion and creative thinking that will enrich our community for years to come. 
f 
HONORING CORA GREENBERG 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my constituent, Cora Greenberg of Pleasant-ville, New York. After 23 years of service, she will retire from her position as Executive Direc-tor of Westchester Children’s Association (WCA) at the end of June. Ms. Greenberg joined the 104-year-old or-ganization in 1994. During her tenure, WCA expanded from a staff of two and an annual budget of $120,000 to a staff of eight and a yearly budget of nearly $1 million. WCA has increased Westchester County funding for youth programs and improved the selection process for funded programs through its Cam-paign for Kids. Additionally, WCA’s data publi-cations and analyses have become go-to re-sources for many advocates and policy-makers. Prior to joining WCA in 1994, Ms. Green-berg was the Associate Executive Director of Project Reach Youth, a multi-service youth and family agency in Brooklyn, New York, where she was highly influential in developing model programs in youth development, family literacy, and after-school education. Before joining Project Reach Youth, she served as Executive Director of Interfaith Neighbors, a- youth program founded and supported by more than 20 churches and synagogues on Manhattan’s Upper East Side, and as a Pro-gram Coordinator at United Neighborhood Houses, a membership organization of 39 set-tlement houses and community centers in New York City. Throughout Ms. Greenburg’s time at WCA, she improved the lives of children in West-chester County by shaping policies and pro-grams to meet their needs. She made thoughtful community engagement a priority for WCA, ensuring the organization continues to thrive and is well positioned to help many more children in the years to come. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members of Congress to join me in expressing thanks to Ms. Greenberg for her 23 years of outstanding service, dedication, and passion to the West-chester Children’s Association and to the chil-dren and families of Westchester County and beyond. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. JACKY ROSEN 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, on June 25th, on roll call votes 289 and 290, I was not present due to work-related travel. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on roll call vote 289 and YEA on roll call vote 290. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, please excuse my absence from the following votes. I was at-tending a meeting with President Trump re-garding my official duties as a member of the House Appropriations Committee. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 291; Yea on Roll Call No. 292; and Yea on Roll Call No. 293. 
f 
COMMENDATION OF CSM DOLORES PANGELINAN KIYOSHI 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, 27 years ago Dolores Pangelinan Kiyoshi decided to devote her life to serving her country. She left her home on Tinian, one of the Mariana Islands, and enlisted in the United States Army. Recently, that journey has led her to pro-motion to the rank of Command Sergeant Major. She is the first woman from the Mari-anas to achieve that rank. CSM Kiyoshi was introduced to military life and values—as so many are—through the Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps. In JROTC during high school on Guam, Ms. Kiyoshi achieved the rank of Battalion Com-mander; and she earned a four-year ROTC scholarship at the University of Guam. She was eager to serve her country, however, and to honor her parents’ wishes that she become a soldier. So, she left officer training and in November 1990, joined the Army. Upon completion of basic training at Fort Dix, New Jersey the new recruit identified medicine as the area in which she would spe-cialize throughout her Army career. She took advanced individual training as a combat medic at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. Subsequently, according to information pro-vided by the U.S. Army, she has served in most Medical Command Leadership positions, including Patient Hold Non-Commissioned Of-ficer In-Charge, Infection Control NCOIC, Birthing Center NCOIC, Intensive Care Unit Wardmaster, Chief Wardmaster, Department of Medicine NCOIC, Operations NCOIC, and Clinical Operations SGM. Her stateside assignments include the 21st Combat Support Hospital at Fort Hood, TX, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JN8.002 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE930 June 27, 2018 
Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Wash-ington D.C., Darnall Army Community Hospital at Fort Hood, TX, 549th Area Support Medical Company at Fort Hood, TX, 28th CSH at Fort Benning, GA, 115th CSH at Fort Polk, LA, United States Army Sergeant Major Academy at Fort Bliss, TX, and the 44th Medical Bri-gade at Fort Bragg, NC. Kiyoshi’s overseas assignments include 560th Ground Ambulance Medical Company in Korea, 549th Area Support Medical Company in Croatia, Wurzburg MEDDAC in Germany, Benincaso Pavilion in Italy, and Tripler Army Medical Center in Hawaii. She has deployed to Cuba, Croatia, Iraq, and Afghanistan for combat and peacekeeping missions. Her education includes the Primary Leader-ship Development Course, Basic and Ad-vanced NCO Course, First Sergeant Course, Sergeants Major Academy, Master Resilience Trainer, Deployable Medical Equipment Course, Equal Opportunity Leader Course, Unit Antiterrorism Advisor Level One Course, Deployable Sexual Assault Response Coordi-nator, Airborne School, and the Military Li-cense Practical Nurse School. She also has an associate degree in Gen-eral Studies. Her awards and decorations include Bronze Star Medal (2nd award), Meritorious Service Medal (5th award), Army Commendation Medal (12th award), Army Achievement Medal (10th award), Army Superior Unit Award, Meri-torious Unit Citation (2nd award), Army Good Conduct Medal (9th award), National Defense Service Medal (Bronze Star), Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Iraq Campaign Medal, Glob-al War on Terrorism Service Medal, Korean Defense Service Medal, NCOPD Ribbon (Nu-meral 5), Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon (Numeral 7), NATO Service Medal (2nd award), Parachutist Badge, EFMB Badge and the Drivers Mechanic Badge. She is also a Sergeant Audie Murphy recipient. She is the daughter of Ignacio and Teresa P. Kiyoshi and the eldest of eight siblings. She has two daughters, Teresa and Marilyn Her-nandez. Upon retirement, CSM Kiyoshi plans to re-turn to Tinian and serve her Familia, the Northern Marianas community. All of us in the Marianas congratulate CSM Dolores Pangelinan Kiyoshi on her success. We thank her for her service. And we look for-ward to the day we welcome her home to stay. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT TAYLOR 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, due to a meet-ing at the White House, I missed the following votes. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 291; Yea on Roll Call No. 292; and Yea on Roll Call No. 293. UPON THE OCCASION OF THE RE-TIREMENT OF PAT MARTEL FROM THE POSITION OF CITY MANAGER OF DALY CITY HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Pat Martel, the retiring City Manager of Daly City, California. Pat has served the people of Daly City, in one important capacity or an-other, for nearly two decades. To say that this is the end of an era in San Mateo County would be a profound understatement. Pat Martel spent thirty-five years in local government service. The people of Inglewood, South San Francisco, San Francisco, and Daly City have all benefitted from Pat’s steady hand and well-recognized skill at forming coa-litions. She runs a city by the numbers, but with a heart. This is exemplified in part by her participation in nonprofit activities where she has served as Chair of Peninsula Family Serv-ice Agency, a nonprofit dedicated to helping struggling families in San Mateo County. She dedicated her life to her fellow professionals by volunteering to serve as a board member of the California City Management Foundation, served on the City Managers Department of the League of California Cities, and volun-teered for the board of the International His-panic Network. I have worked with Pat Martel for decades. Many of my most important judgments were informed by Pat’s advice. During the crucial time when San Francisco was determining how to upgrade and reinforce the critical Hetch Hetchy water system, serving 2.4 mil-lion users in San Francisco and the Bay Area, Pat assured me that city voters would pass the bond needed to make repairs. This reas-surance led me to work with Pat and many others to get the measure passed and to es-tablish a local government oversight board for the project. Without question, the water supply of these millions of people and businesses is more secure because Pat Martel was in the job when the job needed a tremendous leader. The City of Daly City has undergone enor-mous changes since Pat arrived. It has always been a thriving commercial and cultural center on the Peninsula. ‘‘The Gateway to the Penin-sula’’ is the city’s motto, and Pat and her team kept the gateway sparkling and thriving de-spite sometimes difficult economic times over the years. Above all else, Daly City is a city of families. Pat is recognized as a strong ad-vocate for city services such as libraries and parks that draw people together so that the fabric of community may be created and rein-forced. She is a graduate of the University of Southern California from which she received her B.S. degree in Public Affairs, and a Mas-ter’s Degree in Public Administration. She is an ICMA Credentialed Manager and, in 2014, she was elected as a Fellow of the National Academy of Public Administration. Pat also has numerous other awards from her years of service, including those from the San Fran-cisco Business Times and Kaiser Permanente and KQED radio, all of which recognized her as an outstanding manager and leader. Daly City sits on the bluffs above the Pacific Ocean, at its edges defying gravity as its cliff faces plunge into the water and its hang glid-ers dare nature in their soaring beauty. It is a complex place filled with honest and hard-working people. Even on its foggiest and windiest days, the people of Daly City are a furnace of good spirits and community pride. Over the years, the city has known many local giants who, collectively, first developed local dairy farms into housing, brought in free-ways and mass transit, and then decades later redeveloped the town into a modern suburb housing families from every point on the globe. All of those prior local giants would have embraced Pat Martel, just as the modern population extends its hand to her in thanks. Since there really isn’t a place on the city’s ocean front from which to launch a ship into the sunset, I expect to instead see Pat Martel poised under a hang glider, atop a bluff, as she leaves her city behind. As she’s done in the past, she will have done her homework so that she will not only soar with the others, but lead them as well into new expanses. We wish Pat well and know that she will not fail in her next adventure, for no one who knows her could imagine anything but success in all her future years. She will take her colorful kite with her, but behind she will leave a rainbow of good wishes and a pot of gold—a legacy of great management and great love for all peo-ple—for the next generation to treasure. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO COLONEL FRANK E. WENDLING UPON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Colonel Frank E. Wendling upon his re-tirement from the U.S. Marine Corps. Wendling most recently served as the Senior Marine Liaison Officer to the Commander Naval Education and Training Command in Pensacola, Florida. Colonel Wendling, a native of Dearborn, Michigan, has served our nation in the U.S. Marine Corps for over 29 years. Within this period of dedicated service, Colonel Wendling received designation as a Naval Aviator, com-pleted two Mediterranean deployments with the 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit, taught on the Air War College Faculty as a Seminar Di-rector and Leadership and Warfighting Pro-fessor at Maxwell Air Force Base, and accu-mulated over 3,675 flight hours, amongst many other designations. Colonel Wendling graduated from The Uni-versity of South Alabama with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Civil Engineering in 1988. In 2004, Wendling earned a Master’s Degree in Military Operational Art and Science from the Air Command and Staff College at Max-well Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama. In 2006, he earned a second Master’s Degree from Maxwell Air Force Base in Air Power Art and Science. In 2009, Wendling earned a third Master’s Degree in National Security and Stra-tegic Studies from the Naval War College at Naval Station, Newport, Rhode Island. Colonel Wendling has accumulated a com-mendable number of awards for his time served in the U.S. Marine Corps, including the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JN8.007 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE931 June 27, 2018 
of Merit, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with gold star in lieu of second award, and the sin-gle mission Air Medal with Combat Distin-guishing Device, as well as others. Mr. Speaker, it is people like Colonel Wendling who make the United States the greatest nation on the face of the earth. His commitment to serving our country and his community should serve as a shining example to the next generation. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District and the countless people his leader-ship has impacted, I wish Colonel Wendling all the best upon his retirement. His tireless serv-ice to our country will not be forgotten. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 MEXICAN AMERICAN COUNCIL SCHOLARS 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Mexican American Coun-cil (MAC), the Garza family, and the 2018 MAC Scholars. On May 29th, the Mexican American Coun-cil celebrated the 34th Annual Farmworker Student Recognition Ceremony at the Home-stead Miami Speedway. In 1984, MAC’s founder Cip Garza began this prestigious event to honor the academic achievements of Miami-Dade County’s farm-worker graduates. In collaboration with Miami-Dade County Public Schools and Career Source South Flor-ida, MAC awarded over $150,000 in scholar-ships this year. I wish to congratulate the following students on their phenomenal success and include the 2018 MAC Scholars in the R
ECORD : Kassandra Castillo Luis Diaz-Lopez Jazmin S. Espinoza Jenri Guerrero Lissette Hernandez Ugenie Jean Kevyn Jimenez Aleena Jones Mari Marquez Christella Nazaire Blanca Rosas Sinttia Rosas Naila Sanchez Manaika Saintyl Giselle Trejo-Ramirez Dulce Velasquez Noelia Villa Mr. Speaker, Cip and Maria Garza have done so much to benefit the lives of countless migrant families and Hispanic students in South Florida. I would like to thank them and everyone else at the Mexican American Coun-cil for all their tireless work. Once again, con-gratulations to all of the 2018 MAC Scholars, their enthusiasm, creativity, and entrepreneur-ship represent the best values of our diverse nation. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. SAM JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 295. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WINDSOR/ STEWARDSON-STRASBURG HIGH SCHOOL SOFTBALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the Windsor/Stewardson-Strasburg High School Softball Team. The WSS Hatchets are now the 2018 IHSA Class 1A State Cham-pions. The Hatchets won the state title game 8–5 to cap off a season with a record of 28 wins and four losses before facing the Goreville Blackcats in an exciting championship game. The Blackcats had a terrific performance, mounting a comeback after facing a six-run deficit to begin the game. However, due to their stellar pitching and timely hitting, the WSS Hatchets earned a hard-fought and well- deserved victory. I would like to congratulate the entire WSS Softball Team on their victory: Megan Schlechte, Machenzi Tabbert, Ava Bennett, Hannah Hayes, Mackinzee Reynolds, Carson Cole, Sydney Taber, Katrina Davis, Mackenzie Brown, Theresa Davis, Anna Schlechte, Taylor Rentfro, Calla Roney, Madison Everett, Kassie Vonderheide, Makenna Taber, Paig Rentfro, Maggie Kelly and their coach Craig Moffett. Congratulations on a superb end to a great season. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor for me to ac-knowledge the hard work and dedication of the Windsor/Stewardson-Strasburg High School Softball Team in winning the 2018 IHSA Class 1A State Title. I wish the team and their coach all the best in the future. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KARL WICKSTROM 
HON. BRIAN J. MAST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Florida Sportsman founder Karl Wickstrom, who passed away on June 26, 2018 in Stuart, Florida. Throughout his life, he was a passionate and inspiring champion for Florida’s water-ways. For decades, he supported organiza-tions like the Rivers Coalition in the fight for cleaner waters in our community. His strong legacy of environmental activism will live on in the important work that each of the organiza-tions he supported continues to do. In addition to his lasting legacy in the form of laws protecting Florida’s environment, he is also responsible for inspiring an entirely new generation of champions for clean water. Be-cause of his journalism and activism, his ideas for environmental protection will continue to reverberate through our communities for dec-ades to come. Mr. Speaker, it is incumbent upon all of us to take up this legacy, continue his fight, pro-tect our estuaries and send the water south. While we continue to mourn the loss of this environmental visionary and pray for his fam-ily, let us also use this opportunity to fulfill his vision for a safer, healthier and stronger Flor-ida. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained during this vote series. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 287, and YEA on Roll Call No. 288. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on June 25, I missed Roll Call votes 289 and 290. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on Roll Call 289 regarding the Blue Water Navy Viet-nam Veterans Act of 2018 and YES on Roll Call 290 related to H.R. 5783. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF WAYNE T. VENDETTO, SR. 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of one of Connecti-cut’s most dedicated public servants, Mr. Wayne T. Vendetto, Sr. Mr. Vendetto passed away in February, and I would be remiss not to take a moment to reflect on his years of dedication to his hometown. He was a patriot, a first responder, a democrat, a family man, and above all, a community servant. A native of New London, CT, Wayne grad-uated from New London High School in 1962. In addition to his career at Sears, Roebuck & Co., he was a Connecticut State Marshal for 40 years. Wayne honorably defended his country in the Connecticut National Guard and as a re-servist. He also protected his neighbors as a volunteer firefighter and foreman at the former F.L. Allen Hook and Ladder Company No. 1 for 10 years, and was president of the New London Firemen’s Association. In this capacity Wayne became famous for hosting the asso-ciation’s convention and parades, considered to be the biggest and best in the state. Wayne was also active in local politics. He served on the New London Board of Edu-cation for 10 years and eventually became a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JN8.008 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE932 June 27, 2018 
city councilor, deputy mayor, and then mayor. All his life he remained active in the Demo-cratic party and was respected by both repub-licans and democrats. Unsurprisingly, Wayne was a family man, affectionately known by his relatives as ‘‘Poppy.’’ He was a father to Dana and Wayne, grandfather to Alexandra, Cole, Wayne, Attilia, and Connor, and great-grand-father to Gianni. Being one of six children him-self, he left this earth as the proud great uncle to 59 nieces and nephews. Coming from such a big family, it was only natural that Wayne treated all of New London as his extended family, which was made evident through his extensive community service. He volunteered at the New London Senior Center, Catholic Charities, the American Cancer Society, the Hospice Fundraising Board, and the Make-A- Wish Foundation, just to name a few. Wayne was also a member of the New London Lodge of Elks and the New London Police Commu-nity Relations Committee. Wayne Vendetto was a man who was con-stantly giving back. In this day and age, we’d be hard-pressed to find a public servant more involved or dedicated than him. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in rec-ognition of this selfless servant. I know his loss will be felt deeply throughout the New London community for years to come. 
f 
HONORING MR. STEPHEN E. BOYD 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my former Chief of Staff Mr. Stephen E. Boyd, for his years of service to the State of Alabama and Alabama’s Second District. Stephen grew up in Birmingham, Alabama, and graduated from the University of Alabama. Upon completion of his undergraduate degree, Stephen continued his education at the Uni-versity of Alabama School of Law. Prior to joining my staff in 2011, Stephen served for more than six years on the staff of former United States Senator Jeff Sessions as a senior advisor and Communications Direc-tor. Stephen also served as Communications Director for the Senate Committee on the Ju-diciary. After leaving my office, Stephen served as the Chief of Staff of the Office of Legal Policy at the United States Department of Justice. Stephen is currently serves as the Assistant U.S. Attorney General for Legislative Affairs under Attorney General Jeff Sessions. There is no one better suited to serve our country in this key role than Stephen Boyd. I know that he will continue to have great success in this role as the head of the Department of Jus-tice’s Office of Legislative Affairs. During his time on Team Roby, Stephen proved himself to be a gracious leader time and time again. He possesses a keen intellect, conducts himself with the utmost profes-sionalism and decorum, and demonstrates re-markable work ethic. I am thankful for Ste-phen’s time on my staff, and I am grateful to call him and his wife Brecke dear friends. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to join Ste-phen’s colleagues, family, and friends in hon-oring his successful career in Congress. I con-gratulate Stephen, and wish him all the best as he continues to serve our country. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE EXTRAORDINARY CONTRIBUTIONS OF SUE ANNE GILROY ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT FROM ST. VINCENT FOUNDATION 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my dear friend, beloved and iconic member of the Hoosier community, Sue Anne Gilroy, on the occasion of her retire-ment from the St. Vincent Foundation. For the past twelve years Sue Anne served as Vice President and Executive Director, devoting a large portion of her life to facilitating and pro-viding financial resources for sick patients un-able to afford the care they desperately need. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are forever grateful for Sue Anne’s commitment to her community, passion for public service, and years of inspired leader-ship with the St. Vincent Foundation and be-yond. A lifelong Hoosier, Sue Anne was born in Crawfordsville, Indiana. She attended DePauw University where she graduated cum laude and earned a Bachelor’s Degree in speech and secondary education. From an early age, Sue Anne displayed a strong interest in public service. During her senior year at DePauw University, she accepted an internship in the office of Crawfordsville Mayor Bill Hays, Jr. This opportunity led to an introduction with then Mayor of Indianapolis Richard Lugar, where she became Assistant to the Mayor. Credited as her ‘‘big break’’, Sue Anne at-tributes this experience to the start of her ca-reer in public service. It was at the Mayor’s Office where Sue Anne met the love of her life, Dick Gilroy, her husband of 42 years. Eager to learn even more about the public sector, she left the Mayor’s Office to pursue her Master’s degree in Public Administration at Indiana University-Purdue University in Indian-apolis. After earning her Master’s degree, she continued her career as State Director for Senator Richard Lugar from 1990 to 1993 and as Chair for Mayor Stephen Goldsmith’s tran-sition team in 1991. An inspiration to her community, Sue Anne began to redefine the role of women in public service. She became the first female director under Mayor Lugar’s UniGov by serving as the Director of the Indianapolis Department of Parks and Recreation. She broke yet another barrier becoming Indiana’s first female Sec-retary of State in 1994. During her eight years in office, Sue Anne focused on election, cor-porate, and securities reform throughout the state of Indiana. Although unsuccessful, she ran a competitive race for Mayor of the City of Indianapolis in 1999. After finishing her sec-ond term as Indiana Secretary of State, Sue Anne became Director of Advancement at the University High School in Carmel, Indiana, where she was responsible for building com-munity relationships, developing financial re-sources, providing strategic planning leader-ship, and serving as a student mentor for the newly established institution. Inspired by her late daughter Emily, who passed away from childhood cancer at the age of 11 in 1989, Sue Anne became the Vice President of Development and Executive Di-rector of the St. Vincent Foundation. Here she raised funds for underprivileged families in need of medical resources. Under Sue Anne’s leadership, the St. Vincent Foundation has raised more than $70 million to support St. Vincent hospital projects and programs. The foundation’s assets increased from $23 million to over $100 million. Sue Anne’s life-long commitment to her community goes beyond her career. Using her vast knowledge and expertise, she consulted in fundraising and business administration for the Tabernacle Presbyterian Church in Indian-apolis, Indiana. In her free time, she notably served on the board of directors at the Univer-sity of Indianapolis, Cathedral High School, In-diana Dollars for Scholars, and Highland Country Club. She also served on the advisory board for Salvation Army. A member of the Junior league of Indianapolis, Sue Anne pro-moted voluntarism, development of women, and improvement of the community through her philanthropic endeavors. Sue Anne was a co-founder of The Richard G. Lugar Excel-lence in Public Service Series, an organization designed to provide leadership training experi-ence that encourages, mentors, and prepares women leaders at the local, state, and federal levels of government. Governor Mitch Daniels appointed her to serve on the Blue Ribbon Commission on Local Government Reform and Governor Eric Holcomb recently ap-pointed Sue Anne to serve on the State Ethics Commission. Sue Anne’s consistent leadership and com-mitment to the highest standard of success has not gone unnoticed. The beneficiary of nu-merous awards and accolades, Sue Anne most notably received the Sagamore of the Wabash, Girls Inc. Touchstone Honoree, IBJ Woman of Influence, SPEA Distinguished Alumnus, Guardian of Small Business, and Speaking of Woman’s Health Honoree, all illu-minating her countless achievements through-out her career. She was also the recipient of the Nancy A. Maloley Outstanding Public Servant Award in 2015. This award recognizes a Hoosier Republican woman who dem-onstrates extraordinary dedication to serving the public good through appointed govern-mental and political office. Sue Anne leaves behind a strong legacy of success at the St. Vincent Foundation and has made a remarkable impression on her friends, family, colleagues, and community. Her dedi-cation and service to others was always sup-ported by the enduring love and support of her husband Dick. They were married for over 4 decades before he unexpectedly passed away in 2015. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth Congres-sional District, I would like to congratulate Sue Anne on her extraordinary career and extend my gratitude for all the wonderful contributions she has made to our Hoosier community. While I know Sue Anne will be missed at the Saint Vincent Foundation, I wish the very best to her and hope that she will have many happy times on the golf course and enjoying more time with her son, Dr. Grant Gilroy, daughter-in law, Andrea Lee, and three grand-children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN8.015 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE933 June 27, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 291, 292, 293, 294 and 295 on Tuesday, June 26, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay on Roll Call votes 291, 292, 294 and 295. I would have voted Yea on Roll Call vote 293. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY AND IMMIGRA-TION REFORM ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition of H.R. 6136, the ‘‘Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018.’’ This so-called compromise is anything but a compromise. There was not even a markup in the Judiciary Committee; only secret meetings with Administration officials known to author the worst immigration policy this nation has witnessed. Perhaps H.R. 6136 was an attempt at com-promising amongst the various factions that currently divide the majority and prevent Con-gress from accomplishing meaningful immigra-tion reform. But this ‘‘compromise’’ is a sham. H.R. 6136: fails to cover Dreamers; fails to provide a certain path to citizenship; claims to ‘‘end’’ Trump’s family separation policy by requiring long-term detention; revokes critical protections for detained chil-dren and families; makes deep cuts to legal family immigration; revokes the approvals of over 3 million fam-ily members who have been waiting for years to legally reunify with U.S. citizens; eliminates important asylum protections; ends the Diversity Visa program, makes immigrant communities less safe by forcing cooperation with immigration detainers. At every step, this bill attacks family unity, immigrant communities, and common de-cency. The United States of America is and will al-ways be the land of opportunity, refuge, and safe haven for all. The current Administration’s policies of clos-ing our doors and borders, by forcibly tearing apart families and eliminating lawful means of entering the United States, are simply inhu-mane. H.R. 6136 would act as an overall deterrent to immigrants and people around the world finding refuge and opportunity here in the United States. The bill would prevent many asylum seekers from even applying for asylum, and would eliminate the Diversity Visa Program, which has traditionally sent a diverse pool of edu-cated immigrants who have contributed to America’s success. Moreover, the bill would needlessly attack sanctuary cities and immigrant communities, and would invest billions of dollars in Presi-dent Trump’s unnecessary border wall and military technology along the border. Overall, the bill would simply dismantle fami-lies, detain innocent immigrants and children for prolonged, indefinite amounts of time, and closes our border and walls to people around the world who are ready to contribute to the American dream. This is not what America is or has ever been. Our diverse nation was built by immi-grants coming here to build for themselves and their families, along with other commu-nities. By adopting this bill, America would be act-ing inconsistent with its core values, and con-trary to its reputation as the world’s most gen-erous and welcoming nation. And for those reasons, I urge my colleagues to stand in opposition to H.R. 6136, the ‘‘Bor-der Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018.’’ f 
COMMEMORATING THE FIFTIETH SEASON OF THE KANSAS CITY ROYALS AND THE HISTORY OF BASEBALL IN KANSAS CITY 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 50th season of the Kansas City Royals baseball team and the dedication of their fans. Fifty years ago, the Athletics were officially transferred to Oakland Cali-fornia, leaving Kansas City without a Major League Baseball team. With a legacy and tra-dition of the All-American pastime serving as one of the foundational elements of Kansas City, it was essential that they worked quickly to fill this void with a new team. Although the Major League Baseball owners had approved an expansion club for the city, there was a po-tential for delay. It was the quick action of then-Senator Stuart Symington that threatened Congressional action that would usher in the next generation of KC baseball—The Royals. As many of you are aware, Kansas City has a rich history of contributions to America’s fa-vorite pastime. Starting as early as 1884, the Kansas City Cowboys threw the first pitch as the first professional baseball team to rep-resent the municipality. Although the KC Cow-boys only fielded a team for one season, the Kansas City Blues immediately followed as one of the original eight founding members of the American Association, a minor league baseball association. This initial Kansas City team influenced many ‘‘greats’’ through the league until 1954. Yielding notable alumni players and managers, one of unique merit being Mickey Mantle. Concurrently, in 1920 the Kansas City Mon-archs, one of the initial teams that formed the Negro National League, launched its first team. As men came home from World War I, entrepreneur and former pitcher, J.L. Wilkinson, brought together a team of multi-ra-cial players that eventually became known as the KC Monarchs. Claiming 12 league titles and two Negro World Series titles, the Mon-archs would commonly lead the league as a major contender. Stars from these Monarch teams included baseball legends and Hall of Famers like Satchel Paige, Jackie Robinson, Ernie Banks, Willard Brown, and Buck O’Neil. The Kansas City Blues and Monarchs lead Kansas City in its original baseball fandom, eventually resulting in the establishment of the city’s first stadium in 1923. Known initially as Muehlebach Field, the stadium is rooted adja-cent to the Historic 18th and Vine Jazz Dis-trict. This stadium would change hands sev-eral times; however, in the early 1950’s, a wealthy real estate developer purchased the stadium, as well as the Philadelphia Athletics, with the goal of bringing a major league team back to Kansas City. Eventually, it was sold to Kansas City, Missouri. Encouraged by fans to step up to the plate and expand the venue to hold some 30,000 fans each game, the city agreed to bring the newly named Kansas City Athletics to Municipal Stadium. After only 90 days of reconstruction, the new stadium would be debuted to a sold-out crowd. Independence native and former Presi-dent of the United States, Harry S. Truman threw out the first pitch in 1955. Kansas City would be victorious on that day, defeating the Detroit Tigers in an 8–2 bout. Following their victorious debut, the Athletics would continue to draw enormous crowds, making Kansas City baseball attendance third behind only the illustrious Yankees and Milwaukee Braves. Ul-timately, the Kansas City Athletics would go through many changes, leading fans on a topsy-turvy ride with various owners, uniforms, mascots, team colors, and even names of the team. Inevitably, the owner at the time, Charles ‘‘Charlie’’ O. Finley, decided to move the team in 1967. Although the Athletics left in 1968, Kansas City baseball fans didn’t give up on the sport, as voters approved a bond issue to construct a new baseball stadium. With the roar and threat of Missouri’s U.S. Senator Stuart Sy-mington, Major League Baseball was forced to ensure that a team would be in Kansas City no later than 1969. Local entrepreneur Ewing Kauffman won the contentious bid as the new team’s owner and joined a local committee to crown the team as the Kansas City Royals, in recognition of the region’s historic livestock economy and thriving American Royal live-stock show that has a legacy dating back to the late 19th century. Although Kansas City’s hometown team would not only be based on a hometown history, the design of the team’s logo would be furthermore iconized by an art-ist, Shannon Manning, from another Kansas City original: Hallmark Cards. The Kansas City Royals were fated for greatness as the new team took the field in their new stadium. With the 1969 Rookie of the Year Lou Piniella on the Royal’s side, the Minnesota Twins were destined for defeat. In a 4–3 win after 12 innings, the Royals truly earned their crown that night. Furthermore, the team would go on to field some of Major League Baseball’s premier players including: five-time allstar and three-time golden glove winner Amos Otis, Hispanic Heritage Baseball Museum’s Hall of Famer and five-time all-star Octavio Victor ‘‘Cookie’’ Rojas, twotime all-star Steven Lee ‘‘Buzz’’ Busby, legendary manager Dorrel Norman Elvert ‘‘Whitey’’ Herzog, and many more. In 1980, famed Royal slugger George Brett led the Royals to their first American League Pennant. Finally defeating the Yankees, the Royals triumphed over a bitter rival that had defeated them three consecutive seasons in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JN8.018 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE934 June 27, 2018 
the American League Championship Series for a pennant win. This was the first year the Royals took the field in search for a World Se-ries title. Unfortunately, the Royals would lose the nail-biting seven game series. However, that defeat only prompted Brett to drive the team further. In 1983, Brett hit a two-run homer in the top of the 9th inning to put the Royals in the lead over the Yankees only to be called out on a technicality, prompting Brett to storm the field in raging protest. ‘‘The Pine Tar Incident,’’ as it would be known from that point forward, would forever be hailed in base-ball history, even inspiring song-writer Lorde to draft a song about Brett’s reaction to being tossed out of the game. The Royals were making their mark on baseball history and the fans were cheering them on along the way. In 1985, during the I–70 Series Showdown against the St. Louis Cardinals, KC’s Bret Saberhagen and the all-star team finally brought home the Commissioners Trophy. Royal’s stars such as Frank White, Willie Wil-son, Dan Quisenberry, and many others mounted a comeback rarely seen in baseball, roaring back from a 3–1 series deficit. The Royals would have many ups and downs be-fore they would win another pennant or be crowned as World Series champions; how-ever, they continued to energize fans with greats such as: Bo Jackson, Carlos Beltran, Mike Sweeney, and many more. In 2014, the Royals would once again take their shot at the World Series. As fans continued to ‘‘believe’’ in the Royals, their eyes were glued to their screens as our boys in blue raced towards the post-season for the first time in nearly 30 years. In a stunning wild-card clinch, the Royals boasted a crowd-inspiring winning streak, winning eight consecutive games and securing their place as American League Champions. They went on to face the San Francisco Giants in their first World Series ap-pearance since 1985. Sadly, our star-studded team fell in seven games, but continued to re-mind fans that we would be ‘‘forever Royal.’’ Just as the sun sets, it is sure to rise the next morning. Therefore, as the next season began, the Royals—lead by all-star and fan fa-vorites like Eric Hosmer, Mike Moustakas, Sal-vador ‘‘Salvy’’ Perez, Alex Gordon, and Lorenzo Cain—would yet again drive us to-wards another pennant win. With an even more focused effort, the Royals would head into the All-Star break, with the best record in the American league. Based primarily on the momentum from fans and experience from the previous season, the Royals won another American League Pennant and were heading back to the World Series to face the New York Mets. This time, the Royals secured their crown in only five games, solidifying their vic-tory with a Game 5 rally to tie in the 9th inning and a five-run smattering in the 12th inning. This year, the Royals returned home with their second Commissioner’s Trophy. Like many cities across the country, the Royals dawned their crown and headed to-ward main street for their victory day parade. Like every other parade, they were welcomed by firetrucks, marching bands, trolleys, and floats. However, as the parade route came to close at the crossroads of the Historic Union Station and the National World I Museum and Memorial, our boys in blue were welcomed by nearly 800,000 cheering fans celebrating a city-wide victory and uniting people across all spectrums. On this day, I believe, every base-ball fan across the country was cheering for the Royals. Mr. Speaker, please join with me as we commemorate the 50th Anniversary season of the Kansas City Royals. The historic contribu-tions of Kansas City’s commitment to baseball will live on through our legacy and as we con-tinue to inspire the next generation baseball fans. 
f 
ENDANGERED SALMON AND FISH-ERIES PREDATION PREVENTION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other non-listed species, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act. This bill will help reduce sea lion predation on threatened and endangered fish populations. Salmon and steelhead are an important part of our heritage in the Pacific Northwest, and they are facing devastating threats. At present thirteen salmon and steelhead populations in the Columbia River, Willamette River, and Snake River systems are listed as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act. Because of successful conservation ef-forts under the protection of the Marine Mam-mal Protection Act, California sea lions have fully rebounded and have reached carrying ca-pacity. Many of the thriving species are mov-ing up the Columbia River for easy access to migrating salmon and steelhead. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Admin-istration, between 2002 and 2015 California sea lions consumed an estimated 46,000 salmonids within a quarter mile of the Bonne-ville Dam. It is unlikely that we will see the necessary recovery of threatened and endan-gered fish populations without responding to the ongoing predation by sea lions in the re-gion. Oregon’s economic vitality relies on the health of the Pacific Ocean and the Columbia River. The natural resources in our region support a significant portion of our economy, and we are very vulnerable to changes to our ecosystem. Healthy salmon and steelhead runs support the commercial and recreational fishing industry, guiding and outdoor retail businesses, restaurants, and coastal commu-nities that benefit from tourism. In addition to the troubling effects on the region’s eco-system, sea lion predation is harmful to tribal fisheries. Tribes have fishing rights and a deep cultural and historical connection to the fish populations threatened by sea lions. The health of native fish runs is dependent on Congressional action to protect these threat-ened species from sea lion predation. This bill will allow for more efficient interven-tion by allowing states and tribes to apply for permits to remove sea lions along the Colum-bia River and its tributaries. I am pleased to see changes to this bill in its amended form, including the removal of language that would undermine the National Environmental Policy Act. The revised language is the result of ne-gotiations with a coalition of local stake-holders, tribes, and agencies in Oregon and Washington State. I appreciate the Ranking Member’s concerns that this bill only address-es one of the many threats facing our salmon and steelhead populations, but it is an impor-tant step toward mitigating the damage to the fish population. We must continue to address the threat of sea lion predation and avoid fur-ther loss of irreplaceable species of salmon and steelhead in our region. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 295. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHANCELLOR DAVID O. BELCHER 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and memory of Dr. David O. Belcher, Chancellor of Western Carolina University. Dr. Belcher was a light in his community, always encouraging and pour-ing into the people around him through his passion for higher education, embodiment of service, and Catamount pride. A native of Barnwell, South Carolina, Dr. David O. Belcher began his career as a fac-ulty member at Missouri State University. Prior to arriving at Western Carolina University, he was Provost and Vice Chancellor for academic affairs at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock. Dr. Belcher began his tenure as Chan-cellor at Western Carolina University on July 1st, 2011. This date will be etched in WCU’s history as a starting point for accelerated growth and positive change for the institution and Western North Carolina. Dr. Belcher craft-ed a 2020 Vision program to focus on the Western Carolina University’s future, along with a development plan that has been essen-tial to tremendous campus growth and trans-formation. Dr. Belcher cared for the faculty, staff, and students of WCU, and took an active role of service in Western North Carolina. Dr. Belcher served on the Board of Directors of the North Carolina Arboretum and the Asheville Cham-ber of Commerce. Dr. Belcher also served on the Board of Trustees of Harris Regional Hos-pital and Swain County Hospital. Dr. Belcher was an accomplished pianist and brought joy to many with his enthusiasm. His passion, de-termination, kindness, and ceaseless energy will forever be imprinted on the hearts of those who knew him. Dr. David O. Belcher will forever be highly regarded, remembered and loved amongst his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JN8.020 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE935 June 27, 2018 
colleagues throughout the state of North Caro-lina, particularly at Western Carolina Univer-sity. Dr. Belcher’s wife, Susan Belcher, the Belcher family, and the community of Western Carolina University are in my prayers during this time. It was a privilege to know Chancellor Belcher and, on behalf of the people of West-ern North Carolina, I am honored to celebrate his life and recognize his many outstanding achievements. 
f 
FAIRNESS IN POLITICAL ADVERTISING ACT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reintroduce my bill, the Fairness in Political Advertising Act. It’s time to level the playing field for viable candidates to compete against campaigns bankrolled by special interests. My bill would provide this access. It would require television stations to make available 2 hours of free advertising broadcast time during each even-numbered year, to each qualified political candidate in a statewide or national election. The direction we are headed, only million-aires or corporate interests will have a seat at the representative table. This is unacceptable in our democracy. Of the money raised in political campaigns, the largest expense for campaigns is adver-tising. Even today in this internet world, most dollars are still spent on television ads. In the 2014 midterms, $2.8 billion was spent on polit-ical television ads. In 2018, Cook Political Re-port estimates $2.4 billion will be spent on local broadcast and another $850 million for local cable. The math is clear: to be a viable candidate in America today, you need an incredible amount of capital. Our Fathers would be ashamed of this truth. We must return to an era of access for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to bring the Fairness in Political Advertising Act to the floor for a vote today and work to level the playing field for all candidates who want to participate in our democracy. Access should not require a campaign bankrolled by special interests. I urge all my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, June 22, 2018, I missed votes be-cause I was unavoidably detained due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 287; and YEA on Roll Call No. 288. HONORING THE LEGACY OF THE 53RD WEATHER RECONNAIS-SANCE SQUADRON HON. CHARLIE CRIST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of the 53rd Weather Recon-naissance Squadron, the famed ‘‘Hurricane Hunters.’’ This group of brave men and women from across the country save count-less lives each year by literally ‘‘flying into the eye of the storm,’’ to collect data unattainable by other means. In communities across Flor-ida, we have seen firsthand how critical this information is to hurricane preparedness and recovery. The ‘‘Hurricane Hunters’’ are a component of the 403rd Wing at Keesler Air Force Base in Biloxi, Mississippi. Serving the Eastern Gulf of Mexico, they are the only operational unit in the world, flying weather reconnaissance on a regular basis. Their 20 aircrews consistently fly into tropical storms and hurricanes to fulfill their mission when and where it is most criti-cally needed. Early and accurate detection is key to pro-viding millions of Americans ample time to prepare and evacuate. The 53rd Weather Re-connaissance Squadron is on constant stand- by, and can be deployed to up to three storms at once—crucial during a busy storm season. The 53rd works closely with the National Hur-ricane Center and NOAA to collect and relay real-time data from the center of the storm, the backbone of public weather alerts and warnings. While modern satellites have greatly im-proved our ability to analyze storms at a dis-tance, the data collected through firsthand ob-servation provides a level of detail that remote analysis cannot match. By providing this infor-mation, the 53rd reduces the ‘‘cone of uncer-tainty,’’ projecting the storm’s path, by nearly 30 percent. These enhanced projections pro-vide critical lead time to prepare and respond, enhancing the protection of lives and property. In a typically male-dominated field, the 53rd Squadron also stands out. With six female offi-cers, they serve as role models for little girls everywhere who love science and dream of serving their country. I am humbled to honor the legacy of our Hurricane Hunters, who put their lives on the line every day to protect Floridians and the American people from tropical storms and hur-ricanes. I thank them for all that they do, risk-ing their lives in service to the public. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ARMY WARRANT OFFICER CORPS 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th anniversary of the Army War-rant Officer Corps. The Army Warrant Officer Corps was estab-lished on July 9, 1918, to serve as the tech-nical foundation for the U.S. Army. Today, Army Warrant Officers serve as technical ex-perts, combat leaders, trainers, or advisers who fall into one of two categories: Aviators or Technicians. Army Warrant Officers serve on active duty, U.S. Army Reserve, and Army Na-tional Guard. I am proud that candidates are trained at the Warrant Officer Candidate School (WOCS) administered by the Warrant Officer Career College at Fort Rucker in the Wiregrass region of Alabama’s Second Con-gressional District. I recently introduced House Resolution 947, legislation to designate July 9th as ‘‘Warrant Officer Day.’’ Since the Corps’ establishment, Army Warrant Officers have continually dem-onstrated superb expertise and profes-sionalism in carrying out the objectives of the U.S. Army. This resolution is a small token of appreciation for the service and sacrifices of the brave men and women who have and are currently serving as Army Warrant Officers. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to acknowl-edge the Army Warrant Officer’s centennial anniversary and to celebrate this special occa-sion with those who serve. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL JOSEPH M. MURRAY 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Colonel Joseph M. Murray for his service as Commander at Marine Corps Base Quantico. Colonel Murray has served as Com-mander at Marine Corps Base Quantico since the summer of 2015, during which time he has provided extensive support and leadership for the Quantico community. Colonel Murray was born and raised in Washington, D.C., graduating from Gonzaga College High School in the District. He has long been dedicated to serving our great Na-tion, as he was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps following his graduation from Ohio Wesleyan University. Since commissioning, he has held many operational assignments, including tours with 2nd Marine Division Camp Lejeune, North Carolina with 2nd Assault Amphibian Battalion, 1st BN 2nd Marines, and 2nd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion. He also served as the Deputy G–3, 2nd Marine Logistics Group, and commanded 2nd Supply Battalion during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Serving as Com-mander of Marine Corps Base Quantico is the newest adornment to his extensive list of mili-tary accomplishments, and I am extremely grateful for Colonel Murray’s service to Marine Corps Base Quantico and our great Nation. I am fortunate to have had the opportunity to work with Colonel Murray on several dif-ferent occasions on behalf of our men and women in uniform residing in Virginia’s First Congressional District. I extend my best wish-es to Colonel Joseph M. Murray as his Change of Command approaches and he em-barks on his next journey with the Marine Corps. He has proven a phenomenal leader, and I am certain that he will continue to lead with the confidence and commitment he has shown as Commander of Marine Corps Base Quantico as he continues his career as a Ma-rine. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JN8.023 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE936 June 27, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I request you and my col-leagues to join me as we congratulate Colonel Joseph M. Murray’s service to Marine Corps Base Quantico. 
f 
HONORING PAULINE A. ELLISON, THE 6TH NATIONAL PRESIDENT OF THE LINKS, INC. 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pauline A. Ellison, the sixth National President of the Links, Inc. The Links, Inc. is an international not-for-profit and one of our nation’s oldest and largest volunteer serv-ice organizations committed to enriching, sus-taining, and ensuring the culture and eco-nomic survival of African Americans and other persons of African ancestry. This week, the Links, Inc. gather for their 41st National As-sembly in Indianapolis, Indiana where they will honor their current and past national presi-dents. Pauline A. Ellison was born in Iron Gate, Virginia and graduated from Watson High School in Covington, Virginia. She was val-edictorian of her class and matriculated to Howard University on a full scholarship. As a student at Howard University, she majored in Chemistry and graduated with honors. After college, she became the first African American woman to be named as an employee rela-tion’s officer at the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). During her tenure at HUD, she served as the Vice President of the Hubert Humphrey Committee on Back-To- School programs and assisted with President Lyndon B. Johnson’s Youth Programs where she helped train and educate thousands of young people. Through her strong interest in the academic development of young people, she founded the Northern Virginia Chapter of Jack and Jill and served on the boards of Burgundy Farm Country Day School and the United Way. Mrs. Ellison attended Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service and was nominated to attend the Federal Executive Institute in Charlottesville, Virginia. Following her time at Georgetown, Mrs. Ellison received her Mas-ter’s in Public Administration from American University. She spent two years in Germany and served as the vice president of the Hahn Officers Wives’ Club, where she developed and implemented programs for American-Ger-man orphans and American Girl Scouts. Pauline A. Ellison was one of several mem-bers who charted the Arlington Chapter of The Links, Inc., on November 19, 1966. She served as vice president and president of the Arlington Chapter and was later appointed as the National Director of Services to Youth. In that role, she compiled and distributed a single publication listing the activities of every chap-ter in each program facet. During The Links, Inc. National Assembly in 1974, Pauline A. Ellison was elected to serve as the 6th Na-tional President. Under Mrs. Ellison’s administration, she im-plemented a national headquarters with paid staff. It wasn’t until the end of her second term, that the headquarters was fully oper-ational. As national president, she continued her support of national and community service programs by representing The Links, Inc. in other major service organizations such as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), the National Urban League, Opportunities Industrialization, Inc., and the NAACP Legal Defense and Edu-cational Fund. One of her biggest accomplish-ments was the fulfillment of The Links’ pledge to contribute half a million dollars to the United Negro College Fund (UNCF). Due to her transformative leadership, Mrs. Ellison was honored by numerous national and civic orga-nizations for her tireless dedication to public service. Following the completion of her term as Na-tional President, she served in several other roles with The Links, Inc., as a member of the Executive Council for four years and the Na-tional Personnel Committee for eight years. She also assisted in the organization, staffing, and implementation of personnel policies and procedures for the national headquarters. She continued her service to the County of Arling-ton, Virginia by serving in numerous leader-ship roles in local civic organizations. For six years, she served as a delegate and president of the International Service Club Council—an organization of 32 recognized service organi-zations in Arlington County. Mrs. Ellison served as community advisor to the Board of Directors of Arlington Hospital and as secretary of the Women’s Committee of the Washington Performing Arts Society. Concurrently, she served as community advi-sor to the Northern Virginia Junior League and assisted the county as a member of the Clas-sification and Pay Committee, responsible for advising the county in a comprehensive study and revision of its total classification and pay system for all employees. She was the first African American woman to become a member of the Board of Directors of Central Fidelity Banks, Inc., where she served on the public policy committee. While serving on the board, the corporation contrib-uted one million dollars to support education of minority students. Mr. Speaker, Pauline A. Ellison has never sought public recognition for her hard work and dedication to the community. She has dedicated her life to the advancement, growth, and success of The Links, Inc. and to the County of Arlington, Virginia, in which she still resides. Her efforts and dedication as the 6th National President have elevated the organi-zation to one of prominence and service to the community. She has been supported by her husband, Dr. Oscar Ellison, Jr., her children, Oscar Ellison III, Paula Mitchell, and Karla Elli-son. As the Links, Inc. gather in Indianapolis for their 41st National Assembly, I join them in paying tribute and honoring the remarkable service of Pauline A. Ellison. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS VAN D. HIPP, JR. 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I congratulate former Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army, Van Hipp, on the es-tablishment of the Hipp Center for National Security and Foreign Policy at Wofford Col-lege in Spartanburg, South Carolina. The Hipp Center provides experiential learn-ing options for students interested in inter-national relations, which includes student op-portunities for internships in national security and foreign policy and an upcoming exchange program. Van founded the Hipp Lecture Series on International Affairs and National Security in 2011 which has since hosted many great American lecturers including President Donald Trump, Secretary Ben Carson, and Governor George Pataki. Speaker Newt Gingrich said of the center, ‘‘Van Hipp has spent a lifetime working to de-fend America and defeat our enemies. This new Center for National Security and Foreign Policy will help a new generation learn the key lessons which shaped Van’s life.’’ Hipp is a former chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party and is now chair-man of American Defense International, Inc., in Washington. He serves on the board of di-rectors of the American Conservative Union and on the National Capital Board of the Sal-vation Army. Van Hipp’s enduring generosity will positively impact both students at Wofford College and South Carolinians for years to come. f 
REFUSE ACT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Repelling Encroachment by For-eigners into U.S. Elections (REFUSE) Act. As the costs of campaigns rise exponentially, the question remains: how much inappropriate for-eign influence has risen as well? Being a viable candidate in an American election requires an unprecedented amount of capital. Following Citizens United, which threw open the floodgates for billionaires and special interests to spend unlimited secret money on our elections, it’s impossible to know exactly how much of that money comes from foreign nationals. This bill will stop the free flow of foreign money into our elections through dark chan-nels and increase transparency around foreign election influence. It achieves this through two major reforms. First, the bill will prohibit election spending by foreign-influenced corporations and 501(c)(4) nonprofit organizations at two thresholds of foreign ownership interest/funding: 20 percent for foreign nationals and a more strict 5 per-cent if those foreign parties are directly con-nected to foreign governments. Second, the bill will modernize and tighten reporting requirements of the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA) and expand the De-partment of Justice’s FARA enforcement au-thority. Look no further than the pervasive impact of Russian-sponsored political ads on Facebook to see why we need to maximize trans-parency. We must close the loopholes within our broken campaign finance system. Until we repeal Citizens United, we need common- sense restraints to ensure foreign interests do not influence American democracy, especially from the shadows. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JN8.028 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE937 June 27, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, the REFUSE Act is a sharp tool crafted to combat the influence of money in politics and shine a spotlight in the deepest recesses of our election system. The Amer-ican people consistently report campaign fi-nance reform as one of their top concerns for Congressional action. It is time for this body to act seriously to illuminate the full reach of for-eign and corporate special interests. This is the first step to restore the integrity of our de-mocracy. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOEL ‘‘JOE’’ P. WILLIAMS 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my District Director Mr. Joel ‘‘Joe’’ P. Williams, who is leaving my office after more than 20 years of service to Alabama’s Second District. Joe grew up in Headland, Alabama, and graduated from Auburn University in 1991. Upon completion of his undergraduate degree, Joe attended law school at my alma mater, the Cumberland School of Law at Samford University, and then received a Master’s De-gree in Public Administration from the Univer-sity of Alabama at Birmingham in 1997. Joe has served members of Congress for more than twenty years. Before joining my team as my District Director in 2010, Joe served on the staff of former Congressman Terry Everett for more than ten years. During his time with former Congressman Everett, he was the chief local contact with elected offi-cials and community groups, and the manager of a range of constituent services in Congress-man Everett’s district offices. As a member of Congress, I know how vital it is to have a team of experienced and tal-ented individuals who are familiar with the issues impacting the people of Alabama and who are dedicated to service. Joe has shown an unparalleled knowledge of Alabama’s Sec-ond District, and he has gone above and be-yond the call of duty. I am thankful for Joe’s long tenure in my office, and I am proud to call him a dear friend. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to join Joe’s colleagues, family, and friends in honoring his successful career in Congress. I wish him all the best as he transitions to the External Af-fairs division of the Alabama Community Col-lege System and continues to serve the great state of Alabama. I congratulate Joe—his presence on Team Roby will be greatly missed. 
f 
HONORING THE CENTENNIAL OF HILTON VILLAGE IN NEWPORT NEWS, VIRGINIA 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate a historic neighbor-hood in the Hampton Roads region of Virginia. Historic Hilton Village in Newport News will celebrate its centennial on July 7, 2018. To mark the occasion, I would like to take a mo-ment to highlight the history of this neighbor-hood and recognize its contributions to our community. Hilton Village sits on 100 acres of forested land between the James River and C&O Rail-road in the city of Newport News, Virginia. It was constructed in 1918 to address the se-vere housing shortage for shipbuilders em-ployed by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Drydock Company. At the time, the United States had just entered World War I and New-port News Shipbuilding had received contracts to build naval ships and thousands of ship-builders came to the area to assist with the war effort. Hilton Village stands out in United States history as the first government experiment in urban planning and the first federally funded war-housing project. The President of Newport News Shipbuilding, Homer L. Ferguson, first lobbied Congress for additional housing to support his burgeoning workforce when he traveled to Washington in 1917 to voice his concern with the overcrowding of shipbuilder’s quarters. Shortly after his visit, Congress pro-vided the United States Shipping Board with $1.2 million to plan and build Hilton Village. Henry Vincent Hubbard, a Harvard graduate and one of the best town planners at the time, served as the village planner. Francis Joannes was the village architect and Francis H. Bulot was the project engineer. They designed the buildings with the most modern methods based on input of shipbuilders’ wives. Hilton Village was designed to offer many local serv-ices. The plan even included tracks for a trol-ley car to allow workers to commute to the Shipyard and to the greater Newport News re-gion where city services and shopping were centered. The first development of Hilton Vil-lage consisted of a block of English village style homes owned by Newport News Ship-building & Drydock Company, plots for four churches, a library and a strip of stores. By 1920, Hilton Village had developed into almost 400 homes, a fire-house, a business district, an elementary school which is still open to this day—Hilton Elementary School—and a small park with a beach and pier known as Hilton Pier. After World War I, the chairman of the board at the shipyard, Henry E. Huntington purchased Hilton Village from the government and operated the community as the Newport News Land Company. Huntington’s Newport News Land Company rented out Hilton homes to community residents and in 1922 sold the properties to private owners. Gradually, Hilton Village became a community for families, busi-ness owners, retirees and young adults. In 1969, Hilton Village was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, which deemed it worthy of preservation for its historical signifi-cance. Four streets—Hopkins Street, Post Street, Ferguson Avenue and Palen Avenue— are named after former Newport News Ship-yard and Drydock Company executives. Two other avenues, Hurley and Piez were named in honor of U.S. Shipping Board and Emer-gency Fleet Corporation executives involved in the project. Today Hilton Village boasts 27 unique bou-tiques, eateries, art galleries and salons and continues to thrive as one of Newport News’ prized cultural centers. In 2009, Hilton Village was designated one of 10 Great Neighbor-hoods by the American Planning Association, because it is a prime example of timeless neighborhood planning. It was the first out of about 100 federally financed housing projects during World War I, and it remains a national model for communities that are looking to plan and build inclusive, pedestrian-friendly neigh-borhoods. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the residents of Hilton Village on their centennial celebration and for helping make Newport News a great place to live and raise a family. f 
HONORING ROBERT HOLMSTROM OF MAPLEWOOD, MINNESOTA 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Robert Holmstrom of Maplewood, Min-nesota. Earlier this year he, along with 13,000 men and women who formed the ranks of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal. Their heroic actions during World War II contributed greatly to the success of our nation’s war ef-forts. So consequential were the missions they carried out that Robert and those with whom he served were sworn to secrecy for 40 years. The OSS served as the preeminent intel-ligence and special operations organization over the course of World War II and the pre-cursor to the Central Intelligence Agency. The OSS ‘‘organized, trained, supplied, and fought’’ in both the European and Pacific thea-ters, playing a decisive role in the Allied vic-tory over Axis forces. The ranks of the OSS were comprised of exceptional citizens as well as members of every branch of the armed services. Their work was often conducted under conditions of extreme danger and in the most intense environments. The tide of the war may very well have turned against the Al-lies had it not been for the perpetual bravery and success of the men and women of the OSS. An Army Air Corps-trained pilot, Robert Holmstrom was recruited to fly missions for the OSS. Conducted under Operation CAR-PETBAGGER, the missions would take him and a crew, in a blacked-out B–24, deep into Nazi occupied France where they dropped weapons, equipment, and OSS agents to as-sist French resistance fighters prior to the Al-lied invasion at Normandy on D-Day. Often fly-ing in weather deemed unsafe for regular mis-sions, and only on moonlit nights so as to see the resistance fighters signaling them with flashlights, these airdrops were often flown at very low altitudes. Between January of 1944 and May 1945, the men and women working under Operation CARPETBAGGER, com-pleted 1,860 sorties and delivered 20,495 con-tainers and 11,174 packages of vital supplies to the resistance forces in western and north-western Europe. Their success and bravery earned them the moniker of ‘‘Carpetbaggers’’. Mr. Holmstrom returned to Minnesota where he had a long and successful career in Airline Plant Protection for Northwest Airlines. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Robert Holmstrom and the many others like him, who so admirably served our nation in the Office of Strategic Services during WWII. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JN8.031 E27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE938 June 27, 2018 
In a time of unparalleled challenges, their bravery helped to lead the U.S. and our Allies to victory. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM GRAVES 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on June 26, 2018, I missed several votes, as I was at the White House meeting with Presi-dent Trump to discuss the way forward on the Appropriations process. I missed Roll Call Number 291, Ordering the Previous Question on H. Res. 961. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. I missed Roll Call Number 292, on agreeing to H. Res. 961. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. I missed Roll Call Number 293, on passage of H.R. 4294, the Prevention of Private Infor-mation Dissemination Act. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 27, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-duce a constitutional amendment to reverse the impact of the Supreme Court’s decision in Citizens United v. FEC. No other recent deci-sion has more sweepingly impacted our elec-tions than this decision which allowed corpora-tions to spend unlimited amounts of money to support candidates and PACs. Citizens United inflated the influence of corporations, megadonors, and special interests in Amer-ican elections and in effect drowned out Amer-ican votes. Citizens United unleashed corporate cam-paign spending. But it also created a gaping hole in the barrier that once blocked foreign money in U.S. elections. Before 2010, all fed-eral campaign spending was traceable back to an individual’s contribution to a candidate or a PAC. But because of the combination of Citizens United and FEC v. Wisconsin Right to Life, ‘‘social welfare’’ nonprofits (501(c)(4) can now make political expenditures just like other super PACs. These 501(c)(4)s are even more attractive money funnels than traditional super PACs. They don’t have to publicly disclose their donors. Almost all major corporations have some foreign ownership. The black hole of corpora-tions’ unlimited contributions to PACs and 501(c)(4)s should trouble all freedom lovers. This amendment nullifies the misguided deci-sion in Citizens United and chips away at the influence of special interests in our elections. It restores the power of the American peo-ple to choose representatives who reflect their priorities. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to bring this bill to the floor for swift consideration. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 28, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 11 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2154, to approve the Kickapoo Tribe Water Rights Settlement Agreement, and S. 2599, to provide for the transfer of cer-tain Federal land in the State of Min-nesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JN8.034 E27JNPT1
D744 Wednesday, June 27, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4459–S4688 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 3144–3152, and S. Res. 557.
                                                          Pages S4512–13 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–287) S. 2842, to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–285) S. 2848, to improve Department of Transportation controlled substances and alcohol testing, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–286) S. 1158, to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and re-spond to such crises, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. S. 2463, to establish the United States Inter-national Development Finance Corporation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
     Page S4512 
Measures Considered: Agriculture and Nutrition Act—Agreement: Sen-ate began consideration of H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, after agreeing to the motion to pro-ceed, and taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                 Pages S4460–92 
Pending: Roberts Amendment No. 3224, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                  Page S4460 
McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 3134 (to Amendment No. 3224), to modify conservation re-serve program provisions.
                              Pages S4460–61 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Roberts Amendment No. 3224 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Friday, June 29, 2018.              Page S4491 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Rob-erts Amendment No. 3224.
                         Pages S4491–92 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, June 28, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S4468 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S4505–06 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4506 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S4506 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S4506 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4506–12 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S4512 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4513–15 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4515–16 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4503–05 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S4517–S4687 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4687 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4687 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:09 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, June 28, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4688.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF STATE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JN8.REC D27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D745 June 27, 2018 
of State, after receiving testimony from Mike Pompeo, Secretary of State. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 645, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deployment and adoption on the economy of the United States, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; S. 1092, to protect the right of law-abiding citi-zens to transport knives interstate, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1896, to amend section 8331 of title 5, United States Code, and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to clarify the treatment of availability pay for Federal air marshals and criminal investigators of the Transportation Security Administration, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2941, to improve the Cooperative Observer Program of the National Weather Service, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3094, to restrict the department in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for bio-metric transportation security cards until after sub-mission to Congress of the results of an assessment of the effectiveness of the transportation security card program; H.R. 4254, to amend the National Science Foun-dation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration intern-ship and fellowship opportunities to women, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; H.R. 4467, to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies; H.R. 4559, to conduct a global aviation security review; and The nominations of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Penn-sylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, Heidi R. King, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and a routine list in the Coast Guard. MEDICAID FRAUD AND OVERPAYMENTS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Medicaid fraud and overpayments, focusing on prob-lems and solutions, including actions needed to miti-gate billions in improper payments and program in-tegrity risks, after receiving testimony from Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller General, Government Account-ability Office; and Brian P. Ritchie, Assistant In-spector General for Audit Services, Office of Inspec-tor General, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. FAST-41 AND THE FEDERAL PERMITTING IMPROVEMENT STEERING COUNCIL Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine FAST-41 and the Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Council, focusing on progress to date and next steps, including S. 3017, to amend the FAST Act to improve the Federal permitting process, after receiving testimony from former Senator Mary Lan-drieu; Angela Colamaria, Acting Executive Director, Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Council; Megan K. Terrell, Office of the Governor of Lou-isiana, Baton Rouge; Alexander Herrgott, Council on Environmental Quality, Joseph Johnson, U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce, Christy Goldfuss, Center for American Progress, and Sean McGarvey, North America’s Building Trades Unions, all of Wash-ington, D.C.; and Jolene S. Thompson, American Municipal Power, Inc., Columbus, Ohio. HEALTH CARE COSTS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine how to reduce health care costs, focusing on understanding the cost of health care in America, after receiving testimony from Melinda J. B. Buntin, Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville, Tennessee; Ashish K. Jha, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health Global Health Institute, Cambridge, Massa-chusetts; and Niall Brennan, Health Care Cost Insti-tute, and David A. Hyman, Georgetown University Law Center, both of Washington, D.C. RADIATION EXPOSURE COMPENSATION PROGRAM Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the eligibility requirements for the Radiation Exposure Compensation Program to ensure all downwinders receive coverage, including S. 197, to amend the Radiation Exposure Compensa-tion Act to improve compensation for workers in-volved in uranium mining, after receiving testimony from Senator Udall; Eltona Henderson, Idaho Downwinders, Emmett; Jonathan Nez, Navajo Na-tion, Window Rock, Arizona; Robert N. Celestial, Pacific Association for Radiation Survivors, Barrigada, Guam; and Tina Cordova, Tularosa Basin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JN8.REC D27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD746 June 27, 2018 
Downwinders Consortium, Albuquerque, New Mex-ico. T-MOBILE–SPRINT TRANSACTION Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Anti-trust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights con-cluded a hearing to examine the competitive impact of the T-Mobile–Sprint transaction, after receiving testimony from John Legere, T-Mobile US, Inc., Bellevue, Washington; Marcelo Claure, Sprint Cor-poration, Overland Park, Kansas; Asha Keddy, Intel Corporation, Beaverton, Oregon; and Gene Kimmelman, Public Knowledge, Roslyn Layton, American Enterprise Institute, and George P. Slover, Consumers Union, all of Washington, D.C. NOMINATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Tillis, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6236–6256; 1 private bill, H.R. 6257; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 136 and H. Res. 970, were introduced.
                                     Pages H5814–16 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5817 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5905, to authorize basic research programs in the Department of Energy Office of Science for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–787); H.R. 5907, to provide directors of the National Laboratories signature authority for certain agree-ments, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–788); H.R. 5346, to amend title 51, United States Code, to provide for licenses and experimental per-mits for space support vehicles, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–789); H.R. 5729, to restrict the department in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric transportation security cards until after submission to Congress of the results of an assess-ment of the effectiveness of the transportation secu-rity card program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–790, Part 1); and H. Res. 971, providing for consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 970) insisting that the depart-ment of Justice fully comply with the requests, in-cluding subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence and the subpoena issued by the Committee on the Judiciary relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by personnel of the Department of Justice and related matters (H. Rept. 115–791).               Page H5814 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Rogers (KY) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5751 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:52 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                      Pages H5756–57 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Jack Trieber, North Valley Bap-tist Church, Santa Clara, California.
                Page H5757 
Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018: The House failed to pass H.R. 6136, to amend the immigration laws and provide for border security, by a recorded vote of 121 ayes to 301 noes, Roll No. 297. Consideration began Thursday, June 21st.
                                                                         Pages H5766–67 
Rejected the Espaillat motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 296.
                                  Page H5766 
H. Res. 953, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6136) was agreed to Thursday, June 21st. Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: American Leadership in Space Technology and Advanced Rocketry Act: H.R. 5345, amended, to designate the Marshall Space Flight Center of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to provide leadership for the U.S. rocket propulsion in-dustrial base;
                                                        Pages H5769–70 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JN8.REC D27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D747 June 27, 2018 
Commercial Space Support Vehicle Act: H.R. 5346, to amend title 51, United States Code, to pro-vide for licenses and experimental permits for space support vehicles;
                                                Pages H5770–71 
Department of Energy Science and Innovation Act of 2018: H.R. 5905, amended, to authorize basic research programs in the Department of Energy Office of Science for fiscal years 2018 and 2019; 
                                                                                    Pages H5771–79 
Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy Act of 2018: H.R. 5906, amended, to amend the Amer-ica COMPETES Act to establish Department of En-ergy policy for Advanced Research Projects Agency- Energy; and
                                                          Pages H5779–81 
National Innovation Modernization by Labora-tory Empowerment Act: H.R. 5907, to provide di-rectors of the National Laboratories signature author-ity for certain agreements.
                            Pages H5781–82 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019—Motion to go to Conference: The House agreed by unanimous consent to disagree to the Senate amendment and request a conference on H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, and to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                                                                                  Page H5782 
Rejected the Carbajal motion to instruct conferees by a yea-and-nay vote of 188 yeas to 231 nays, Roll No. 300.
                                                                Pages H5783–84 
Agreed to the Thornberry motion to close por-tions of the conference by a yea-and-nay vote of 403 yeas to 15 nays, Roll No. 301.
                  Pages H5784–85 
Later, the Chair appointed the following conferees: From the Committee on Armed Services, for con-sideration of the House bill and the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Thornberry, Wilson of South Caro-lina, LoBiondo, Bishop of Utah, Turner, Rogers of Alabama, Shuster, Conaway, Lamborn, Wittman, Coffman, Hartzler, Austin Scott of Georgia, Cook, Byrne, Stefanik, Bacon, Banks of Indiana, Smith of Washington, Davis of California, Langevin, Cooper, Bordallo, Courtney, Tsongas, Garamendi, Speier, Veasey, Gabbard, O’Rourke, and Murphy of Florida. 
                                                                                            Page H5788 
From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Latta, Johnson of Ohio, and Pallone. 
                                                                                    Pages H5788–89 
From the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Rep-resentatives Hensarling, Barr, and Maxine Waters of California.                                                                      Page H5789 
From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for con-sideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Rep-resentatives Royce of California, Kinzinger, and Engel.
                                                                              Page H5789 
American Innovation $1 Coin Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 770, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in rec-ognition of American innovation and significant in-novation and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, to pro-mote the importance of innovation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories.
                                                Pages H5786–87 
North Korean Human Rights Reauthorization Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2061, to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004.
                                         Pages H5787–88 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, June 28th.
                         Page H5788 
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019: The House considered H.R. 6157, making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. Consider-ation began yesterday, June 26th.
      Pages H5789–H5812 
Agreed to: Jackson Lee amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that states that no funding in this Act shall be used or otherwise made available by this Act to end Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC) programs at HBUCs, Hispanic Serving Institutions and Tribal Colleges and Universities;
     Pages H5789–91 
Frankel (FL) amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that allocates $3,000,000 for train-ing on gender perspectives and full-time advisors on Women, Peace and Security at each of the Combat-ant Commands, the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, and the Joint Staff; $900,000 for training on the mean-ingful participation of women through foreign na-tional security forces capacity building programs and for the collection of gender-disaggregated data in that programming; and $100,000 for training on gender perspectives at the war colleges and research on women’s contributions to security at the National Defense University Institute for National Security Studies;
                                                                   Pages H5791–92 
Rosen amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that increases funding for the training and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JN8.REC D27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD748 June 27, 2018 
retention of cybersecurity professionals under the De-fense-Wide Operation and Maintenance Account by $5,000,000;
                                                          Pages H5792–93 
Lynch amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that reduces funding for the Office of the Secretary of Defense by $10,000,000 and increases funding for the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency by $10,000,000;
                                       Page H5793 
Kuster (NH) amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that provides $1 million to the De-fense Advisory Committee on Investigations, Pros-ecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces (DAC–IPAD) for additional staff to conduct a first-ever review of collateral misconduct and dis-ciplinary actions brought against survivors of sexual assault;
                                                                    Pages H5793–94 
Hudson amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that increases Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide funds by $5 million to provide for ad-ditional training of Special Operations Forces; 
                                                                                            Page H5796 
Welch amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that increases funding for the Defense Health programs by $1 million and decreases the Operations and Maintenance account, Defense-Wide, by $1.3 million to improve coordination between DoD and the VA as both agencies study the effects of toxic exposure to burn pits;
                   Pages H5796–97 
Nolan amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that provides an additional $6 million for the Department of Defense’s Lung Cancer Research Program and decreases the Operations and Mainte-nance, Defense-wide account by the same amount; 
                                                                                            Page H5797 
Gabbard amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that increases open air burn pits research funding by $1 million;
                                   Pages H5797–98 
Delaney amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that provides for an additional $5 million for the Fisher House Foundation which is offset by an outlay neutral reduction in the Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide account;
       Pages H5798–99 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 14 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that reduces funding for Procure-ment, Defense-Wide, by $10 million and increases funding for Defense Health Programs by $10 mil-lion in order to address Triple Negative Breast Can-cer research;
                                                   Pages H5799–H5800 
Crawford amendment (No. 16 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that reduces Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense-Wide by $1,000,000 and increases it by the same to be used for explosive ord-nance disposal equipment upgrades and technology enhancements;
                                                     Pages H5801–02 
Langevin amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that removes $10 million from Next Gen-eration Air Dominance (0207110F), and provides $10 million to be used for the DOD Cyber Scholar-ship Program within the Information Systems Secu-rity Program (0303140D8Z);                             Page H5802 
Esty amendment (No. 22 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that increases funding for the Sexual As-sault Special Victims’ Counsel Program by $2 mil-lion for sexual assault prevention and response pro-grams;
                                                                              Page H5803 
Gallego amendment (No. 25 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that prohibits the use of funds in this bill to procure any good or service or enter into any con-tract with the Chinese companies ZTE and Huawei; 
                                                                                            Page H5805 
Wittman amendment (No. 26 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that strips the limiting language of ‘‘CVN–80’’ from the text which would allow fund-ing for both CVN–80 and CVN–81 and thereby en-able dual-buy; and
                                            Pages H5805–06 
Murphy (FL) amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that increases funding for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense; National Guard counter-drug program by $3.0 mil-lion, and reduces funding for Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide by $3.2 million.
   Pages H5806–07 
Rejected: Langevin amendment (No. 9 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that was debated on June 26th that sought to provide $10 million for Weapons and Munitions Technology (0602624A), $10 million for Innovative Naval Prototypes (INP) Applied Research (0602792N), and $20 million for Innovative Naval Prototypes Advanced Technology Development (0603801N) to be used for accelerated development and prototyping for the electromagnetic railgun (by a recorded vote of 188 ayes to 228 noes, Roll No. 302); and
                                                               Pages H5785–86 
Poe (TX) amendment (No. 20 printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–783) that was debated on June 26th that sought to reduce the amount of Coalition Support Fund reimbursements Pakistan is eligible to receive by $200 million (by a recorded vote of 175 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 303).
                      Page H5786 
Withdrawn: Langevin amendment (No. 18 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have removed $50 million from the Strategic Capabilities Office (0604250D8Z), and provides $50 million to be used for directed energy solutions for boost phase missile defense, specifically the DPAL program with Technology Maturation Ini-tiatives (0604115C).
                                                Page H5802 
Proceedings Postponed: Gallagher amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that seeks to increase funding for Navy AIM–120D missile procurement by $23.8M to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JN8.REC D27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D749 June 27, 2018 
meet Indo-PACOM required critical capabilities and match the House-passed authorization in the FY 2019 NDAA, while reducing defense-wide operation and maintenance by the same amount; 
                                                                                    Pages H5794–95 
Gallagher amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that seeks to increase funding for Air Force AIM–120D missile procurement by $33M to help meet Indo-PACOM required critical capabilities and match the House-passed authorization in the FY 2019 NDAA, while reducing defense-wide operation and maintenance by the same amount; 
                                                                                    Pages H5795–96 
Clark (MA) amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that seeks to reduce and then in-crease the defense-wide research, development, test and evaluation account by $14.364 million with the intent of supporting DOD innovation; 
                                                                                    Pages H5800–01 
Foster amendment (No. 24 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to develop a space-based ballistic missile intercept layer; and
                                                                            Pages H5803–05 
Courtney amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 115–785) that seeks to provide funding for long lead time materials to construct additional Virginia-class submarines in FY 2022 and FY 2023. 
                                                                                    Pages H5807–12 
H. Res. 961, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 6157) and (H.R. 2083) was agreed to yesterday, June 26th. H. Res. 964, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 299, after the previous question was ordered by a re-corded vote of 231 ayes to 188 noes, Roll No. 298. 
                                                                                    Pages H5767–68 
Senate Referral: S. 2385 was referred to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security.
                  Page H5812 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H5768. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and six recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5766, H5767, H5767–68, H5768, H5783–84, H5784–85, H5785–86, and H5786. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:08 p.m. Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a markup on legislation on the Pan-demic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2018; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1676, the ‘‘Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act’’; H.R. 3728, the ‘‘Educating Medical Professionals and Optimizing Workforce Ef-ficiency Readiness Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5385, the ‘‘Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. H.R. 959 was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. H.R. 1676, H.R. 3728, H.R. 5385, and legislation on the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2018 were ordered to the full Committee, as amend-ed. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a markup on H.R. 2278, the ‘‘Re-sponsible Disposal Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2389, to reauthorize the West Valley dem-onstration project, and for other purposes. H.R. 2278 and H.R. 2389 were forwarded to the full Committee, as amended. OVERSIGHT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’. Testimony was heard from Ben Carson, Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development. CRISIS IN THE REPUBLIC OF THE CAMEROON Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Cri-sis in the Republic of the Cameroon’’. Testimony was heard from Donald Y. Yamamoto, Acting As-sistant Secretary, Bureau of African Affairs, Depart-ment of State; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5859, the ‘‘Education and Energy Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6087, the ‘‘Removing Barriers to Energy Independence Act’’; H.R. 6088, the ‘‘SPEED Act’’; and H.R. 6107, the ‘‘Ending Dupli-cative Permitting Act’’. H.R. 5859, H.R. 6087, H.R. 6088, and H.R. 6107 were ordered reported, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JN8.REC D27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD750 June 27, 2018 
EXAMINING THE ADMINISTRATION’S GOVERNMENT-WIDE REORGANIZATION PLAN Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Administration’s Government-wide Reorganization Plan’’. Testimony was heard from Margaret Weichert, Deputy Director for Management, Office of Management and Budget. INSISTING THAT THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE FULLY COMPLY WITH THE REQUESTS, INCLUDING SUBPOENAS, OF THE PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE AND THE SUBPOENA ISSUED BY THE COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY RELATING TO POTENTIAL VIOLATIONS OF THE FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE SURVEILLANCE ACT BY PERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE AND RELATED MATTERS Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H. Res. 970, insisting that the Department of Jus-tice fully comply with the requests, including sub-poenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the subpoena issued by the Committee on the Judiciary relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by per-sonnel of the Department of Justice and related mat-ters. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a rule providing for the consideration of H. Res. 970 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the resolution. The rule provides that the resolution shall be considered as read and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. Testimony was heard from Representatives Jordan, Nadler, Mead-ows, and Perry. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 6227, the ‘‘National Quantum Initiative Act’’; H.R. 6229, the ‘‘National Institute of Standards and Technology Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6226, the ‘‘American Space SAFE Management Act’’. H.R. 6226, H.R. 6227, and H.R. 6229 were ordered reported, as amended. BOLSTERING DATA PRIVACY AND MOBILE SECURITY: AN ASSESSMENT OF IMSI CATCHER THREATS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘Bolstering Data Privacy and Mobile Security: An Assessment of IMSI Catcher Threats’’. Testimony was heard from Charles H. Romine, Director, Infor-mation Technology Laboratory, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Department of Com-merce; and public witnesses. ZTE: A THREAT TO AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESSES Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘ZTE: A Threat to America’s Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a markup on General Services Ad-ministration Capital Investment and Leasing Pro-gram Resolutions; H.R. 66, the ‘‘Route 66 Centen-nial Commission Act’’; H.R. 6194, the ‘‘REAL Re-form Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5846, the ‘‘Promoting Flood Risk Mitigation Act’’; H.R. 5772, to des-ignate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’; H.R. 3460, to designate the United States courthouse located at 323 East Chapel Hill Street in Durham, North Carolina, as the ‘‘John Hervey Wheeler United States Court-house’’; H.R. 6175, the ‘‘Maritime Safety Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6206, the ‘‘Coast Guard Blue Tech-nology Center of Expertise Act’’; S. 756, the ‘‘Save Our Seas Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3906, the ‘‘Inno-vative Stormwater Infrastructure Act of 2017’’. Gen-eral Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions were approved. H.R. 5772, H.R. 6175, and H.R. 6206 were ordered re-ported, without amendment. H.R. 66, H.R. 6194, H.R. 5846, H.R. 3460, S. 756, and H.R. 3906 were ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a markup on H.R. 2787, the ‘‘VET MD Act’’; H.R. 3696, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Workforce Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5521, the ‘‘VA Hiring En-hancement Act’’; H.R. 5693, the ‘‘Long Term Care Veterans Choice Act’’; H.R. 5938, the ‘‘Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6066, to im-prove the productivity of the management of De-partment of Veterans Affairs health care; H.R. 5864, the ‘‘VA Hospitals Establishing Leadership Perform-ance Act’’; and H.R. 5974, the ‘‘VA COST SAV-INGS Enhancement Act’’. H.R. 2787, H.R. 3696, H.R. 5693, H.R. 5938, H.R. 6066, H.R. 5974 were forwarded to the full Committee, as amended. H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:16 Sep 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\D27JN8.REC D27JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D751 June 27, 2018 
5864 was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. 
Joint Meetings 
U.S. LEADERSHIP ON DIGITAL TRADE Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the need for United States lead-ership on digital trade, after receiving testimony from Rachel F. Fefer, Analyst in International Trade and Finance, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; and Sean Heather, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Ryan Radia, Competitive Enterprise In-stitute, and Robert W. Holleyman, Crowell and Moring LLP, all of Washington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Labor, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Education, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine legislative proposals to examine corporate governance, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Jeffrey Kessler, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Commerce, Lynn A. Johnson, of Colo-rado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, De-partment of Health and Human Services, and Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Patrick J. Urda, of Indiana, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court, Time to be announced, SD–215. Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nom-ination of Charles P. Rettig, of California, to be Commis-sioner of Internal Revenue, Department of the Treasury, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Donald Lu, of California, to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic, Randy W. Berry, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, and Alaina B. Teplitz, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without addi-tional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives, all of the Department of State, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, S. 2823, to modernize copyright law, S. 2946, to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Elev-enth Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Lance E. Walker, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine, and John D. Jordan, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri, Nick Willard, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Hampshire, and Mark F. Sloke, to be United States Marshal for the South-ern District of Alabama, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Readi-ness, hearing entitled ‘‘Army and Marine Corps Depot Policy Issues and Infrastructure Concerns’’, 8:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 256, expressing support for the countries of Eastern Europe and the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion; H. Res. 944, expressing solidarity with and sym-pathy for the people of Guatemala after the June 3, 2018, eruption of the Fuego Volcano; H.R. 1697, the ‘‘Israel Anti-Boycott Act’’; H.R. 4969, the ‘‘Improving Embassy Design and Security Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5576, the ‘‘Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5898, the ‘‘UNRWA Accountability Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6197, the ‘‘Rescuing Animals With Rewards Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6207, the ‘‘Democratic Republic of the Congo Democracy and Accountability Act of 2018’’; and H. Con. Res. 20, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the execution-style murders of United States citizens Ylli, Agron, and Mehmet Bytyqi in the Republic of Serbia in July 1999, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of FBI and DOJ Actions Surrounding the 2016 Election’’, 9:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, markup of legislation on the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019; and to Call to the Attention of the House, pursuant to Committee Rule 14(i), the Classified Annex accompanying the Matthew Young Pollard Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This meeting will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JN8.REC D27JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD752 June 27, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, June 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 6157—Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019. Consideration of H. Res. 970—Insisting that the Depart-ment of Justice fully comply with the requests, including subpoenas, of the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence and the subpoena issued by the Committee on the Judiciary relating to potential violations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act by personnel of the Depart-ment of Justice and related matters. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E927 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E934 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E932 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E930 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E933 Collins, Doug, Ga., E935 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E931 Crist, Charlie, Fla., E935 Graves, Tom, Ga., E938 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E933 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E933 Johnson, Sam, Tex., E931 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E935, E936, E938 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E929 Mast, Brian J., Fla., E931 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E937 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E934 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E931, E934 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E928 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E927 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E928 Roby, Martha, Ala., E932, E935, E937 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E931 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E931 Rosen, Jacky, Nev., E929 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E928, E929 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E927 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E936, E937 Shimkus, John, Ill., E931 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E928, E930 Taylor, Scott, Va., E930 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E927 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E936 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E935 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E929 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Jun 28, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27JN8.REC D27JNPT1