Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3577 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 2018 No. 68 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ARPER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 26, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable G
REGG  H
ARPER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
REAUTHORIZING THE FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last week, the House Agriculture Com-mittee passed a bill out that would re-authorize the farm bill. This is the most important bill that most Ameri-cans don’t pay that much attention to. Sadly, I don’t think it gets the atten-tion that it needs here in Congress. This is just the beginning of a long process to deal with the bill that is going to be the most important health bill that this Congress will consider, because it would have us continue to subsidize a diet that literally makes Americans sick. It is the most impor-tant environmental bill, in terms of carbon emissions and water quality, and it makes a big difference for the men and women who are in the agri-culture sector. There are long-term challenges that we face, such as beginning farmers and ranchers and what happens in terms of transition. The average farmer is 58.2 years of age. What are we going to do to provide the workforce for the future, to transition lands, to be able to get the most out of the investment in the lands? The bill that is awaiting House ac-tion—and I hope it awaits House action a long time, because there are many things we can do to make it better— would cut environmental funding, even though only one out of four applica-tions for environmental programs ever get funded. The environmental pro-grams are not performance-based to make sure that we get the most benefit for those dollars. The bill does not rein in unnecessary subsidies. Indeed, it broadens loopholes and coverage to have subsidies go to more people who are only tangentially related to operating the farm and peo-ple who don’t necessarily need it. But the thing that I find most trou-bling is the provision known as the King amendment. This provision in the farm bill would prohibit State and local governments from being able to set their own protections for agri-culture, food, and the environment. Every State has agriculture and fish-ing industries that have their own spe-cial needs: pests, disease, and protec-tions for consumers. The interest of various industries are widely different across the country. The needs of the fisheries of the Great Lakes are dif-ferent from those of the Gulf Coast, New England, and the Pacific North-west. The King amendment would prevent States from being able to tailor protec-tions to their own industry and their own consumers. I strongly urge my col-leagues to investigate what this provi-sion would mean. There is a great study from the Har-vard Law School about an analysis of H.R. 4879 and the King amendment pre-empting State laws, for instance, on sell-by or best-used dates for shellfish, meat, dairy, and eggs. It would prevent States from stopping the import of pests that kill fruit, nut, and lumber trees. It would allow fishing vessels to fish waters of the various States with-out complying with the rules of those States, if their States have different provisions. It would even prohibit pet distributor licenses from being denied animal abusers. These are the sorts of things that, when the public looks at it, they are shaking their heads in wonder. Why would Congress have a race to the bot-tom for protections for the environ-ment, consumers, and animal protec-tions? It is interesting. There was a provi-sion voted on by people in Oklahoma in the fall of 2016. The so-called ‘‘freedom to farm’’ has many of these same provi-sions. When the voters in Oklahoma did a deep dive, they rejected the Farm Bureau’s initiative by a 60–40 margin. That is the State that gave Donald Trump his largest margin of victory for any State, other than West Virginia. I hope Congress does what the people of Oklahoma did: look at the details, understand what it would do, and re-ject unnecessary restrictions on the ability of your State and local govern-ment to tailor protections for the peo-ple who fish, farm, and shop. We can do better. I hope that we are going to be able to enlist the support of the vast majority of Congress to take a moment, pause, and look at a farm bill that is worthy of this body. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.000 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3578 April 26, 2018 
TUESDAY’S CHILDREN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mr. Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize three amazing kids: Arianna, Julius, and Kaydin, who join me today on the floor. All three are taking part in Take Our Children to Work Today hosted by Tuesday’s Children. This is my second year participating in this wonderful event, and both times it has brightened my day. Tuesday’s Children provides support to children whose parents passed away in the military or due to terrorism. More than 15,000 individuals directly impacted by the events of September 11 have been supported by Tuesday’s Chil-dren, and more than 6,000 individuals are currently served by Tuesday’s Chil-dren’s First Responder Alliance pro-gram today. In my 30 years in the Air Force, I was able to meet with the families of loved ones who passed. I know how impor-tant organizations like Tuesday’s Chil-dren are for our Nation’s youth. Today, it is about kids like Arianna, Julius, and Kaydin. They are shad-owing me this morning and seeing what life is like in Congress. Julius is 9 years old. He is from Maryland and enjoys robotics and LEGOs. Kaydin, from Pennsylvania, is 10 years old, and is a big New York Giants fan. I tried to make him a Chicago Bears fan, but I couldn’t do it. Finally, Arianna is from Maryland. She is 7 years old, and loves to play tennis. I hope they enjoy their time in Wash-ington and remember this day as a very special one, because they are spe-cial. I look forward to spending more time with them this afternoon. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all Members to re-frain from references to guests on the floor. 
f 
BIPARTISANSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, bipar-tisanship is often applauded in Con-gress, but seldom rewarded. Let me re-peat that. Bipartisanship is often ap-plauded, but seldom rewarded, which is an important part of why we have been unable to pass any meaningful immi-gration reform in this body for years. I have worked with good men and women on the other side of the aisle on many occasions to advance immigra-tion reform, but none of those efforts forced the Speaker of the House, who-ever he or she was at the time, to allow a vote, except for the time the House passed the DREAM Act in 2010. I continue to work with partners on the other side, because I know if a vote is allowed, those who see immigrants and immigration as important assets to this country will prevail. It will take Democrats and Republicans work-ing together to enact commonsense im-migration reform. Just this week, the gentleman from Colorado, Republican MIKECOFFMAN , and I worked together to demand sta-tistics from the Department of Home-land Security to determine if the Trump administration is complying with Federal court orders on the re-newal of DACA applications, and to get more information on the DACA proc-essing backlogs. Working with Republicans doesn’t win me many friends among Demo-crats, who spend their days trying to defeat people like Mr. C
OFFMAN . They would probably prefer I stop working with him. As I said, bipartisanship is often praised, but seldom rewarded. Secondly, bipartisanship is more than just signing your name. J
EFFDENHAM of California and some other Republicans are promoting an idea that has a great deal of merit: the so-called ‘‘Queen of the Hill’’ rule, which has almost 50 Republican co-sponsors and all the Democrats, myself included. This rule calls for a debate and votes in the House on a series of immigration reform bills, some of which would ad-dress the vulnerability of Dreamers and their families to deportation. It is an unprecedented bipartisan action to demand an immigration vote, and I support it wholeheartedly. But so far, all the Republicans have had to do is sign their names as cosponsors. The next step should be that we demand that Speaker R
YAN bring the rule and related bills to the floor for a vote through a discharge petition. You see, working with people from the other side of the aisle is just one aspect of bipartisanship. When the rub-ber meets the road is when you take on the leaders of your own party in order to achieve a bipartisan goal. When I got arrested protesting Presi-dent Obama’s treatment of Dreamers and migrants, I didn’t win any popu-larity contest with the Democratic Caucus. My colleagues were quick to defend the President and the Demo-cratic Speaker at the time. I was shunned and passed over many times by my own team. Later, when I and other Democrats worked with Judge C
ARTER , SAMJOHN-
SON, and R AULLABRADOR to find bipar-tisan immigration solutions in the 113th Congress, Members of my own party told me to stay away. Right here on this floor they told me: ‘‘Don’t help Republicans solve their immigration problem.’’ But I didn’t stay away. I kept work-ing with the Republicans, until they walked away. They were unwilling to take on their own party in the end. Speaker Boehner backed away when the chips were down. Speaker R
YANcame to my district in Chicago and talked about moving for-ward on immigration, with me stand-ing by his side. We are still waiting for him to put skin in the game. That is what it will take: taking a courageous position, even in the face of opposition from your own party. So the 48 Republicans who joined Mr. DENHAM ’s ‘‘Queen of the Hill’’ rule call-ing for immigration votes should not declare mission accomplished just yet. Your country needs you right now, today. We need your courage, in addi-tion to your signature. Sign a dis-charge petition to bring about the vote on immigration solutions for Dream-ers. That puts your skin in the game. You may not get invited to the next state dinner or fly on Air Force One, but you will have done a service to your Nation. A discharge petition on the Denham bill says you are willing to expend your personal reputation and political cap-ital to do what is right and what is nec-essary in a time of great hatred and di-visiveness at the highest levels over immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers. Will you be praised for your bipar-tisan courage? I hope so. Will you be rewarded by other politi-cians or activists in your own party, or voters in mine? Probably not. Which is exactly my point. It is hard, it is thankless, but your country needs help that only Republicans in Congress can provide: put pressure on your own Republican leadership. I, and a lot of my colleagues, will work with you, stand by you, support you, but we need you to lead the way. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RICK ANTLE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I sadly rise today with fellow colleagues be-cause we lost a friend way too soon. Rick Antle was an ag visionary, com-munity leader, family man, and to Sonia and I, a mentor and a friend. His passion and dedication made him not only a leader in California’s Salinas Valley, but in the entire ag industry nationwide. At the age of 26, he became the presi-dent and CEO of Tanimura & Antle, one of the largest ag companies in the entire country. He would grow this to become the largest leafy greens and vegetable producer in the region. He set it up as an ESOP, making it an em-ployee-owned business. This is now a four-generation legacy that farms over 35,000 acres, distributing to North America, Europe, and Asia. Rick worked right alongside his sons, Brian and Jeffrey. He constantly pushed different innovations, even ideas that were against conventional practice, things that were sometimes mocked or said that they would never work, but are now the important inno-vations that lead the rest of the indus-try. Rick emphasized the importance of support and investing in employees, whom he always saw as the backbone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.003 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3579 April 26, 2018 
of his company. His company’s 800-per-son Spreckels Crossing housing com-plex has since become a blueprint for other farmworker housing projects across the country. On a personal note, I would just say that Sonia and Tonya—Sonia and Tonya, as they were known to most in the industry—worked side by side. Rick and I worked side by side as well. b1015 Not only was Tonya a mentor to Sonia, Rick was a mentor to me. I learned a lot about business. I learned a lot about friendship. I saw the pride in his generational family. He is going to be missed by many here in Wash-ington, D.C.; in the Salinas Valley; around the country; and certainly as a family man. Brian and Jeffrey, I know that they are going through tremen-dous pain, as are Anthony and Natalie. He thought the world of his family and certainly thought the world of his em-ployees. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for any remarks he may have. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I join with Congressman J
EFF DENHAM and Con-gressman J
IMMY PANETTA to celebrate a life well lived. Rick Antle was truly an icon in not only California agriculture but Amer-ican agriculture. He was a leader. Rick and Tonya always put their family first, and what a family it was. To be a part with them, with their children and with his father, Bob, I have fond, fond memories over the years of working to-gether on public policy affecting Cali-fornia agriculture. They farmed not just in the Salad Bowl but in the San Joaquin Valley. Their efforts to bring value added and innovation is legendary in terms of the incredible food products that we enjoy today at home. His efforts with em-ployees set the gold standard, creating housing initiatives so that the 800 em-ployees at Tanimura & Antle would have the kind of housing that farm workers deserve to have. The list goes on and on and on, but I just wanted to join today and pay my respects to our friend Rick, and to his family. Tonya, we know this is a very difficult time for all of you, but we just want you to know that our thoughts and prayers are with you. We thank you for all of the contributions you have made over the years. Rick was a leader in California agriculture. And I just personally want to say thank you for all the good advice you have given me over the years. We will miss Rick Antle. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I would like to yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ANETTA ). Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my good friends and colleagues Mr. D
ENHAM and Mr. C OSTA , to recognize somebody, as you can tell, who clearly impacted not just the lives of the three of us but the lives of many people on the Central Coast of Cali-fornia, the Central Valley of Cali-fornia, and across this Nation. Today we obviously commemorate, we celebrate, Rick Antle and what he has done for the Salinas Valley agri-culture industry and what he and his family at T&A did to claim that area as the Salad Bowl of the World. Let me tell you, he did it through innovation, and he did it through ingenuity, in dealing with the specialty crops and the technology and practices that are needed in order to grow those types of crops. He was on the forefront of innovation when it came to precision farming, from growing hydroponic lettuce to plant tape, to a Robovator. The farm-ing at T&A used less water and less pesticides, and that led to less harm to our environment. Yet they still contin-ued to grow a vast amount of vegeta-bles. I can tell you it wasn’t just his in-vestments in innovation that set Rick apart; it was his ingenuity and fore-sight that inspired him to implement standards to protect our community, our environment, to invest in making his employees’ lives better, and to strive to impact policies that would improve the agricultural industry. Rick clearly was a steward of our en-vironment, from T&A’s packaging and energy use, to maintaining soil health, to monitoring water usage. T&A was dedicated to ensuring long-term sus-tainability to benefit our community, our planet, and yes, our next genera-tion. Rick was committed to making his employees’ lives better, from providing that state-of-the-art housing that my colleagues mentioned to offering em-ployees stock options so that they could be a part of that company, they could have a stake in that company. Yes, Rick was always a tireless advo-cate for the agriculture industry. We definitely valued his voice and his ad-vice. And I can tell you, like I said, it wasn’t just us but clearly his family that he influenced. I will never forget his son Brian talking about the best piece of advice that he got from Rick. It was when he was in high school. Rick was getting him out in the fields. And Rick’s advice to Brian was: Look, the best fertilizer a farmer can have is his farmer’s own shadow. Being there, showing up. That is what Rick did. As you can see, Mr. Speaker, Rick was and he is a legend, not just on the Central Coast, not just in the Central Valley, but in the agricultural commu-nity. Carrie and I will miss him, and we know that his spirit will continue to be felt, not just in the Salad Bowl of the World but in all of our worlds. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, let me just, in closing, say my wife and I ex-tend our condolences and prayers for Rick’s loving wife, his mother, their children and grandchildren. On behalf of all who knew him and benefited from his tireless efforts, we thank them for graciously giving us some of their time to spend with Rick and the many things that we all learned from him. Mr. Speaker, I will just say special prayers and condolences. f 
WHO WILL BE HARMED BY THE FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, last week after turning their backs on bi-partisanship, Republicans on the Agri-culture Committee advanced a highly partisan farm bill that hurts our most vulnerable constituents. The farm bill cuts the Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program, known as SNAP, by over $23 billion. It eliminates State flexibility. It erects new barriers to as-sessing the program and creates a mas-sive new untested and underfunded bu-reaucracy. Most troubling, the bill reduces or eliminates benefits for nearly 2 million kids, veterans, working families, and other vulnerable adults. The bill was drafted in secret and is not reflective of the 23 hearings that our committee held on SNAP over the past 2
1⁄2years. In fact, I am having a difficult time de-termining where some of these con-troversial provisions originated. Were they cooked up at some far- rightwing think tank? Did they come from some outlier in the Trump admin-istration? Were they the creation of Speaker R
YAN, who is desperate to pass his extreme welfare reform agenda be-fore he retires at the end of this Con-gress? This secretive, closed process has left me with more questions than I have answers, Mr. Speaker. It is awful. And it is not the way the people’s House should operate. It is not fair to our constituents. Mr. Speaker, last week I came to the House floor and outlined some of the most troubling provisions Chairman C
ONAWAY and House Republicans in-sisted on including in this bill. Today I would like to take a few minutes to share with my colleagues who will be harmed if this reckless proposal is al-lowed to advance. Provisions in the Republican farm bill specifically target millions of older adults, over the age of 50, who rely on SNAP to put food on the table when times are tough. While SNAP law al-ready includes strict work require-ments and time limits, House Repub-licans are now seeking to completely cut off assistance for people who are unable to find work or a suitable job training program, and they are doing this without a serious plan that would actually help them find work. It is a rotten thing to do. To make matters worse, Republicans are extending these mandatory work requirements to people up to the age of 60. The AARP, our country’s leading voice for those over 50, has cautioned Chairman C
ONAWAY and Republicans in Congress that it is particularly dif-ficult for individuals over 50 to find 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.004 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3580 April 26, 2018 
consistent work. In a letter to our committee, AARP’s senior vice presi-dent for government affairs, Joyce Rogers, said this bill could ‘‘increase food insecurity and likely have nega-tive consequences on health.’’ Mr. Speaker, this damaging manda-tory work proposal does not just im-pact older Americans; it extends to other groups as well. For example, under this bill, thousands of veterans would lose access to SNAP benefits if they can’t find work or a job training program. Veterans, Mr. Speaker, men and women who have put their lives on the line for us. The least we could do— the very least—is ensure that they have access to modest food benefits when they fall upon hard times. Among the other vulnerable adults who will be subjected to mandatory work requirements are teenagers just aging out of foster care, people with underlying mental health issues, chronically homeless individuals, and ex-offenders with nowhere else to turn. Are these the people we want to be turning our backs on, Mr. Speaker? Their lives are already challenging. This Republican Congress should not be making it more difficult for them to survive. Other provisions in this terrible bill target working families with kids. The bill eliminates an important provision that provides States with the flexi-bility to raise income cutoffs and ease asset limits. Taking away this State option cuts 400,000 eligible house-holds—900,000 adults and kids—off of SNAP and takes free school meals away from 265,000 kids. Sadly, this bill also limits access to benefits for people with disabilities. It imposes new paperwork requirements on SNAP recipients with out-of-pocket utility costs, placing more burdens on those living with disabilities. While there appear to be some exceptions to the burdensome work requirements I noted earlier for people with disabil-ities, many others who may not meet the statutory definition, who have not yet been identified, would be cut off of assistance. That is why the Consortium for Citi-zens with Disabilities sent our com-mittee a letter strongly opposing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the letters from AARP and the Consor-tium for Citizens with Disabilities. 
AARP R EALPOSSIBILITIES , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, House of Representatives, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. Hon. C
OLLIN C. P ETERSON , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN CONAWAY & RANKING MEM-
BERPETERSON : On behalf of our members and all Americans age 50 and older, I am writing to urge you to modify H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, to avoid the nega-tive impact the current bill would have on the millions of Americans, including older Americans, who rely on the Supplementation Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). AARP, with its nearly 38 million members in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories, is a nonpartisan, non-profit, nationwide organization that strengthens communities and fights for the issues that matter most to families such as health care, employment and income secu-rity, retirement planning, affordable utili-ties and protection from financial abuse. The changes to the Supplemental Nutri-tion Assistance Program (SNAP) included in H.R. 2 will put at risk the critical food and nutrition assistance for 43 million Americans who depend on this program. In 2016, 8.7 mil-lion SNAP households had at least one adult age 50 or older. As we stated in a letter sent to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on April 10, 2018, the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is a critical part of the safety net available to low-income families, including many older Americans and people with dis-abilities. It has been shown that partici-pating in SNAP can lead to improvements in a household’s food security status, especially for those with very low food security. Categorical eligibility is essential to im-proving access to SNAP for low-income Americans of all ages and must be protected, as was done in the last farm bill. Categorical eligibility advances the goals of simplifying administration, easing entry to the program for eligible households, emphasizing coordi-nation among low-income assistance pro-grams, and reducing the potential for errors in establishing eligibility for benefits. Indi-viduals who have already undergone deter-minations for programs such as Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TAN F) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) bypass the income and resource tests and have their SNAP benefits approved. This streamlined process leads to individuals receiving their SNAP benefits faster and reduces the num-ber of individuals who may be facing hunger. Most individuals who receive SNAP bene-fits and are required to work already do work. Unfortunately, those individuals who are not working are likely to have chronic health conditions, which prevent them from holding employment. Over 1.7 million low-in-come older workers have a health difficulty. Expanding work requirements for SNAP would be especially burdensome for older workers ages 50–59. Workers ages 50 and older typically take longer than younger workers to find employment after being unemployed. Denying individual’s access to SNAP bene-fits for up to three years for not being able to comply with tougher work requirements could increase food insecurity and likely have negative consequences on health. One recent study showed how healthcare and food insecurity causes are inexorably linked, find-ing the risk for hospital admissions for low blood sugar spike 27 percent in the last week of the month as compared to the first week of the month when food and SNAP budgets of low-income populations have often been ex-hausted. We urge you, as this bill heads into mark- up, to protect the critical assistance that SNAP provides and preserve the program’s ability to carry out its important mission in providing nutrition to America’s vulnerable populations. We ask you to work in a bipar-tisan manner, bringing all perspectives to the table, and prioritizing the needs of the individuals being served. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me. Sincerely, J
OYCE A. R OGERS , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs. CONSORTIUM FOR CITIZENS  
WITH DISABILITIES , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Re H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (Farm Bill) Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, House Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. Hon. C
OLLIN C. P ETERSON , Ranking Member, House Committee on Agri-culture, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY AND RANKING  M
EMBER PETERSON : On behalf of the Consor-tium for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) Poverty Ad Hoc Task Force, we urge you to continue the longstanding bipartisan com-mitment to protect and strengthen the Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) by rejecting proposals to restrict eli-gibility, reduce benefits, cap or reduce fund-ing, or make harmful structural changes to SNAP in the Farm Bill. CCD is the largest coalition of national or-ganizations working together to advocate for federal public policy that ensures the self-de-termination, independence, empowerment, integration and inclusion of children and adults with disabilities in all aspects of soci-ety. In the United States, all too often food in-security and disability go together. Families that include people with disabilities are two to three more likely to experience food inse-curity than families that have no members with disabilities. Similarly, people experi-encing food insecurity have increased likeli-hood of chronic illness and disability. SNAP is vitally important for people with disabilities and their families. By increasing access to adequate, nutritious food SNAP plays a key role in reducing hunger and help-ing people with disabilities to maximize their health and participate in their commu-nities. Using an inclusive definition of ‘‘dis-ability,’’ in 2015 an estimated 11 million peo-ple with disabilities of all ages received SNAP, representing roughly one in four SNAP participants. Roughly 4.4 million households with non- elderly adults with disabilities received SNAP in 2016. Non-elderly adults with disabilities who re-ceive SNAP have very low incomes, aver-aging only about $12,000 per year in 2016. SNAP benefits are extremely modest, aver-aging $187 per month for non-elderly people with disabilities in 2016—or just $6 per day. Existing SNAP time limits are harsh, un-fair, and harm many people with disabilities and their families by cutting off essential food assistance. Federal law currently limits SNAP eligibility for adults between the ages of 18 to 49 without dependents to just three months out of every three years—unless they can engage in work or job training activities at least half time, or qualify for an exemp-tion. These provisions cut off food assistance at a time when people need it most and do not result in increased employment and earnings. At least 500,000 low-income individ-uals nationwide lost SNAP in 2016 due to this time limit. Many people with disabilities are already hurt by SNAP time limits, despite existing exemptions for people who receive govern-mental or private benefits on the basis of a disability or are able to document that they are ‘‘physically or mentally unfit for em-ployment.’’ For example, in a study of SNAP participants subject to time limits referred to participate in work activities in Franklin County, Ohio, one-third reported a ‘‘physical or mental limitation’’. Cutting off food assistance from SNAP would only make it harder for people to work and increase their economic self-suffi-ciency. We strongly oppose any action that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.006 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3581 April 26, 2018 
would cut off or reduce SNAP benefits, nar-row eligibility, or force more people to navi-gate harsh and unnecessary program rules, including people with disabilities and their families. In particular, we are concerned that the draft Farm Bill released last week includes a number of provisions that would harm people with disabilities and their families. Small in-creases in the proposed bill are insufficient to make up for significant benefit reduc-tions. New work requirements with highly puni-tive rules would cut off SNAP benefits for many people—including in families with children, adults, and seniors with disabil-ities. It may seem simple to assert that ‘‘people with disabilities will be exempt,’’ but converting such a statement into an ef-fective policy process is complicated, expen-sive, and fundamentally flawed. Many people with disabilities receive SNAP, but do not meet SNAP’s statutory definitions of ‘‘dis-ability’’ or have not been so identified. Under SNAP, states have no obligation to help people prove they are exempt, even if they have difficulty obtaining the necessary records or verification from a doctor. In ad-dition, states are under no obligation to en-sure that people with disabilities have access to the full array of services they might need to work—such as accessible transportation, supported employment, and personal care aid services. People with disabilities often want to work, but need additional supports and services to obtain and keep jobs, in addition to facing discrimination and misconceptions about their ability to work. Underfunded work programs would be woe-fully inadequate to meet training needs. Pro-posed new investments in SNAP employment and training programs—funded in large part by benefit cuts—amount to only about $30 per person per month. This amount would be grossly insufficient to provide adequate em-ployment services for people subject to pro-posed new work requirements, including job-seekers with disabilities. New reporting requirements would create major hurdles to benefits. Proposed new re-porting requirements related to eligibility, employment and training, and time limits would be extremely difficult for many people with disabilities to navigate and comply with. For example, ending a decades-old sim-plification measure and instead requiring people to share utility bills with the SNAP office—or else, see their benefits reduced—is harsh, unnecessary, and burdensome both for SNAP participants and states. If Congress wishes to explore meaningful opportunities for SNAP participants to in-crease self-sufficiency through employment, we recommend awaiting the results of the Employment & Training pilot projects au-thorized under the 2014 Farm Bill. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) awarded pilot grants in 2015, all 10 state programs are operational, and evaluation activities will operate through 2021. Already, a number of pilot states have cited multiple barriers faced by participants, including ‘‘health issues.’’ It will be important for USDA and the evaluators to carefully explore the expe-riences and outcomes of people with disabil-ities and their families in these pilot pro-grams. Congress should await the final pilot evaluations before considering any changes in these areas. We call on you to reconsider proposals that would weaken SNAP’s effectiveness as our nation’s foremost anti-hunger program by limiting access, reducing benefits, and cre-ating administrative hurdles. We urge all Members to vote no on the draft Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 released last week, and instead to work on a bipartisan basis to strengthen and protect SNAP as part of the Farm Bill. Sincerely, CCD P
OVERTY ADHOC T
ASKFORCE CO-CHAIRS : L
ISAEKMAN , National Organization of Social Security Claimants’ Rep-resentatives. C
HRIS RODRIGUEZ , National Disability In-stitute. T.J. S
UTCLIFFE , The Arc of the United States. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I could spend hours pointing out the bad provisions in this bill, but I’ll close by once again urging this Republican lead-ership to stop their attacks on those living in poverty. Pull this bill. Pull this awful bill. Let’s work together to craft a bipar-tisan farm bill that supports our farm-ers and our nutrition programs. Let’s advance a bill that we can all be proud of. Negotiate a bipartisan bill. Stop in-sisting on this $23 billion cut to SNAP benefits. Let’s pass a good farm bill, not this partisan nightmare. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Republican leadership in this Congress to join with us to end hunger now. Stop trying to make hunger worse. Let’s join together and end hunger now. It is our moral imperative. 
f 
PATH TO DEBT CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, in December we adopted one of the most important tax reform laws in our Na-tion’s history. It is producing higher wages, better job opportunities, and greater economic expansion than we have seen in a decade. But having cut taxes, we assumed an urgent responsi-bility to restrain spending. Taxes and debt are two sides of the same coin. A debt is simply a future tax. Once we have spent a dollar, we have already decided to tax it, either now or in the future. It is the spending that is the problem. Three numbers— 26, 29, and 46—tell the whole story. Over the last 10 years, population and inflation have increased a combined 26 percent. Our revenues have more than kept pace, increasing 29 percent. The problem is that third number. Our spending has grown 46 percent. We are now approaching a trillion- dollar annual deficit with $21 trillion of total debt. This not only crowds out capital that would otherwise be used for economic expansion; it also pro-duces staggering interest costs on that debt, which today amount to $475 bil-lion a year. Our total defense spending this year is roughly $675 billion. Every 1 percent increase in interest rates adds roughly $200 billion to our annual interest costs. If capital markets believe we have no plan and no inclination to con-trol our spending, they could soon begin demanding higher rates to com-pensate their added risk. That is a debt spiral. It leads to a debt crisis. Pension systems implode, basic services falter, the economy col-lapses, and the population flees. Puerto Rico’s debt crisis has left its Govern-ment completely helpless to respond to last year’s hurricanes. The instrument required to prevent this from happening is the Federal budget. It is supposed to set limits on discretionary and mandatory spending and to provide a streamlined process to adjust statutes to meet those levels. The deadline for Congress to pass such a budget was April 15. To date, the House Budget Committee has done pre-cisely nothing to fulfill this statutory requirement and this fiscal imperative. Nothing. The Constitution gives to the House the power of the purse. A dollar is not spent by this government unless the House says it gets spent. Two months ago, having cut taxes, the House has approved a 20 percent increase in dis-cretionary spending, placing us on a path that will inexorably lead to a sov-ereign debt crisis. And the House Budg-et Committee, over the objections of myself and others, has done nothing to produce a plan to get us off that path. b1030 Fortunately, the Republican Study Committee, the largest caucus in the Congress, has stepped forward to offer a comprehensive budget for fiscal year 2019. I chair the Budget and Spending Task Force of the RSC, and I want to thank the many Members and staff who provided countless hours to produce it. The RSC budget is, at present, the only credible and comprehensive plan in Congress to turn us back toward fis-cal solvency before it is too late, get-ting us back to balance by 2026. It com-bines the fiscal reforms proposed by the members of the RSC over the last several sessions, along with innova-tions and service delivery proposed by the CBO, the GAO, the administration, and by think tanks like Heritage Foun-dation and Mercatus. It shows, program by program, how we can reform them in a manner that produces more effective service deliv-ery at a much lower cost, save Medi-care and Social Security from impend-ing collapse, and fully fund our Na-tion’s defense. Yes, it gores every sacred cow in the Federal bureaucracy, and we will hear howls of protest from the partisans of the status quo; but we are running out of time, and we are running out of op-tions. Those same voices have placed us on a collision course with bank-ruptcy, and countries that bankrupt themselves aren’t around very long. A sovereign debt crisis is coming to America, and at our current rate of spending and borrowing, it could be coming very soon. I implore the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.003 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3582 April 26, 2018 
leadership to allow this budget to be brought at once to the floor and at least give the House the fleeting and perhaps final chance to avert the fiscal crisis that looms before us. Given the fact that there is no cred-ible plan even being considered to avert this crisis, the RSC budget may represent the last best hope of restor-ing our government to solvency and as-suring that we can continue to provide for the common defense and promote the general welfare for ourselves and our posterity. 
f 
PHILIPS LIGHTING FACTORY CLOSING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, I stood in Fall River, Massa-chusetts, and told our country the story of that proud and resilient city. Today, for nearly 200 working fami-lies, that resilience is being tested be-cause, this week, after celebrating $342 million in profits, Philips Lighting an-nounced that they would be closing their factory in Fall River and moving those jobs to Mexico. Almost 200 loyal, lifelong employees are left behind, ca-reers upended, savings lost. Mortgages, healthcare bills, tuition payments will be missed. For the 61-year-old worker who is near retirement and paying off his daughter’s student loans, a meager in-vestment in workforce retraining is not worth all that much. For the countless workers who sit around dining room tables in south-eastern Massachusetts tonight trying to figure out how their family budget can absorb impossible cuts, bland lip service given by this White House yes-terday means nothing. But that is not even the whole story. Philips Lighting shareholders are being showered with $187.4 million in stock buybacks because of Donald Trump’s tax plan. Make no mistake, that is the legacy of this tax bill: working families that are left sorting through the wreckage while CEOs bask in windfalls; lights turned off on empty American factory floors while shareholders grin around boardroom tables; success somehow de-fined in dividends and return on invest-ment rather than in jobs, in paychecks, in families supported, retirements earned, and dreams realized. Yes, Fall River is a unique city, but across this country, other families and communities find themselves in the same impossible place as economic afterthoughts in a Republican economy increasingly tilted towards the privi-leged and the powerful with a govern-ment that refuses to hear their voices. 
f 
HONORING SALSA SOKOLSKI The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late a constituent from Warren County who has a truly remarkable story, an American story. Salsa Ananda Catherina grew up in rural Indonesia on the central island of Java. She was raised by her grand-mother and uncle and lived in a house without electricity, where water came from an underground spring. Salsa left home at age 16 to go to work for Sony TV in Malaysia. Most of the money she made was sent home to help her family, primarily for her brother and his four children, but also to her uncle, who helped raise her. Salsa moved to Hong Kong at the age of 26 to work with families. She helped raise children, did cooking and general housekeeping. Again, most of the money she made was sent back to Indo-nesia to help her family survive. It was in Hong Kong that Salsa taught herself how to speak English, and, today, she not only speaks English fluently, but she is also fluent in more than six languages, all of them self- taught. It was in Hong Kong that Salsa met her future husband, Lincoln Sokolski, who was there on business. Lincoln is president of Whirley-DrinkWorks! in Warren, Pennsylvania. The pair dated long distance for 5 years, and in 2010, Salsa came to the United States on a fiancee visa. Salsa and Lincoln were married in Warren on July 10, 2010, on the beau-tiful grounds of the Crary Museum. Salsa’s first job was as a volunteer at the Warren County YMCA. She helped greet guests and performed other cus-tomer service responsibilities. A year later, Salsa had done some-thing she had never done before: she learned to drive. She obtained her driv-er’s license and started working at Blair, in the packaging area. Salsa had never driven a car prior to moving to the United States. She would soon take a job at Whirley-DrinkWorks! in the office per-forming administrative functions, com-munications, and human resources. In her more than 5 years at Whirley- DrinkWorks!, she has become a highly valued and respected teammate. Salsa has also been recognized for her team-work, positive attitude, and always coming to work with the highest integ-rity and loyalty to the company. In 2013, Salsa graduated from the year-long Leadership Warren program, which is designed to educate future leaders on how to work with nonprofit organizations and help them achieve sustained success. One key project her team took on was to help teach dis-advantaged children how to read. Salsa and Lincoln are very active in giving back to the community with their time, leadership, and personal re-sources to help make Warren County a better place to live and work. Among the organizations the Sokolskis have worked with include the Warren YMCA, the United Fund of Warren County, Struthers Library Theatre, Warren General Hospital, Salvation Army, and numerous others. Mr. Speaker, Salsa Sokolski’s story doesn’t end there. On February 2, 2018, Salsa achieved one of her greatest ac-complishments, something she con-siders to be her highest honor—she be-came a U.S. citizen. Mr. Speaker, I want to remark on what an incredible person Salsa Sokolski is. From working hard to take care of her family, to teaching herself more that six languages and giving back to her community, Salsa truly is impressive. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Salsa on achieving her American citizenship. I am proud to call her a fellow Amer-ican. 
f 
103RD ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
CHIFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-day, the world marked the 103rd anni-versary of the Armenian Genocide, the systematic murder of 1.5 million Arme-nians and the displacement of millions more in the Ottoman Empire from 1915 to 1923. In my district in Los Angeles, I joined tens of thousands of descendants of genocide survivors and others to march through the streets, a living tes-tament to the resilience of the Arme-nian people. Yet, in our Nation’s Cap-ital, the White House and Congress were once again sadly silent, failing to properly recognize the genocide. More than a century after the Arme-nian Genocide, it is our solemn respon-sibility to remember those who were lost, to seek justice and restitution, and to educate Americans and the world about the crime of genocide. A recent poll of Americans found that the details of the Holocaust are increasingly fading from memory, par-ticularly among younger generations. Two-thirds of millennials do not know what Auschwitz is or what happened there, and many others of all ages couldn’t answer basic questions about the Holocaust. As someone who lost family members in the Holocaust, I find these results horrifying. There is no doubt that public under-standing of the Armenian Genocide is far lower, and that is due, in part, to the silence of those who should be lead-ing the conversation about it and to Turkey’s nefarious campaign of denial. How many Americans know of Red Sunday, the day in 1915 in which Arme-nian leaders and intellectuals in Con-stantinople were rounded up to be sent to camps from which many would never return? How many know of the concentration camps in Deir ez-Zor, where Armenians were tortured, raped, and starved? How many Americans know that, in the years after the genocide, through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3583 April 26, 2018 
the Near East Relief effort, the gen-erosity of the American people saved the lives of thousands of survivors and helped secure the future of the Arme-nian people? And finally, how many Americans know that the Congress and the Presi-dent have refused to acknowledge the Armenian Genocide, intimidated into silence by Turkey? Turkey has invested heavily in the cause of denial, and to our shame, the U.S. Government has been intimidated into silence. Though Turkey remains a member of NATO, under the autocratic and repressive rule of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey has become the leading jailer of journalists in the world and discussion of the genocide can bring criminal punishment. U.S. citizens have also been the vic-tims of Erdogan’s crackdown on free expression. Last year, Erdogan’s secu-rity detail brutally assaulted peaceful protesters in Washington, D.C. Charges against 11 of the 15 Turkish nationals charged have been dropped, and there is little indication that Turkey will pay any diplomatic price for this at-tack. In northern Syria, where the United States has worked closely with part-ners to devastate ISIS, Turkey has chosen to place its paramount focus on fighting the Kurds, even launching a military offensive into Syria that threatens our own soldiers and those of our allies. Erdogan has even gone so far as to threaten the United States with an ‘‘Ottoman slap.’’ These are not the actions of an ally. They are the actions of a nation that feels emboldened to act with indiffer-ence to the United States. And who can blame them? For over a quarter cen-tury, Presidents and Congresses of both parties have been bullied into genocide denial for fear Turkey will withdraw their already transactional and fleet-ing cooperation. It has never been in our national se-curity interest to be complicit in an-other country’s denial of human rights, let alone denial of genocide. It is time for America to speak plainly about the Armenian Genocide and the violation of human rights anywhere in the world. 
f 
IMPOSING NEW SANCTIONS ON HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. S
CHIFF , for his remarks on genocide and turning our back on the facts that we find around the world. I really appreciate his thoughts. I want to rise today and talk to my colleagues and the American people about the atrocities in Syria and call on my colleagues in the Senate to ex-peditiously vote on a bill authored here in the House by the ranking member on the Foreign Affairs Committee, E
LIOT ENGEL , H.R. 1677, the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2017. This legislation imposes new sanc-tions on human rights abusers in the sad state of affairs in Syria and those who facilitate the Assad regime’s atrocities, and it encourages negotia-tions to bring about a lasting political solution there. It also authorizes the State Department to support entities that are collecting and preserving the chain of evidence for the eventual pros-ecution of those who have committed war crimes and crimes against human-ity in Syria since March of 2011. The world has witnessed many gener-ational examples of butchery and geno-cide by menaces, including Hitler, Sta-lin, Pol Pot, and many others. But in the last 7 years, the world has allowed us to recognize a new name for evil and cruelty in this millennium: Bashar al- Assad and his henchmen. For the last 7 years, the world has ex-pressed outrage, yet twiddled their thumbs while this modern-day Hitler annihilates the civilian population of Syria. b1045 Systematically, leader Assad has sav-agely directed the bombing, bludg-eoning, gassing, electrocution, and tor-ture of his people. Saddam Hussein’s use of chemical weapons in the 1980s against Iran ap-pears tame in comparison to the cal-culated bombing of weaponized chlo-rine and sarin dropped into children’s hospitals, medical facilities, and vil-lages across Syria. I am grateful that, after a little thumb twiddling from the prior admin-istration, the Trump administration has galvanized our allies against this genocide and has taken action to stop the use of chemical weapons against the Syrian people. I call on the Senate to act with expe-dition and pass the Caesar Syria Civil-ian Protection Act, and finally help ob-tain the kind of documentation that we need, Mr. Speaker, to end this step back into darkness and convict Assad and his co-conspirators and his enablers of war crimes. VILONIA STUDENTS RETURNING LOST ITEMS  
AFTER TORNADO  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a group of students in Vilonia, Arkansas, who are collecting personal items lost after the dev-astating tornado that hit their town 4 years ago. Erin Rappold, the teacher who cre-ated this project, was inspired after finding a baby picture in the debris. Over the last 4 years, the students have collected 90,000 items, and only have about 2,000 left to be claimed. They launched their own website to help people reunite with their photos, their birth certificates, and their edu-cation diplomas. A memorial dedication planned by those students will be held Friday, at 10 a.m., to remember the victims of the 2011 and 2014 tornadoes. In the face of tragedy, these students have furnished us with an inspirational model for solidarity and hope. I applaud Ms. Rappold and these cou-rageous students for their efforts and dedication to the Vilonia community. f 
SNAP CUTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise again today to decry the majority’s war on the poor, especially those women who get up every single day and struggle as mothers, often are care-takers for elderly parents, who are jug-gling two and three minimum wage jobs at $7.25 an hour to take care of their families, and then being told that they are welfare cheats because they need assistance from programs like the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in order to meet basic food needs. The last time I checked, Mr. Speaker, food was not a luxury, but a basic life necessity. In a few weeks, this House will take up a bill which has been designated H.R. 2, an enumeration which reflects the majority’s priorities. Now, as you recall, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1 was re-served for the over $1 trillion tax give-away we gave to corporations and to the wealthy. And as has been noted earlier in our morning hour, we are fac-ing a sovereign debt crisis because that bill will thrust us into trillions of dol-lars of debt in the future. So what does H.R. 2 do? H.R. 2 makes very harmful changes to the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program, cutting $23 billion in funding, reducing eligibility, and to generate resentment against the poor so that these draconian cuts will be tolerated by the public. After all, we have to pay for H.R. 1 some kind of way, so H.R. 2 is the solution. The nu-merous ideological and unproven poli-cies that simply stigmatize and punish the poor are what constitutes H.R. 2, along with the $23 billion cut. Now, just let me say, Mr. Speaker, I want to remind you that the majority of SNAP participants are children, sen-iors, and people with disabilities. These are individuals who will not be part of any workforce. No matter how mean- spirited you decide to be, Mr. Speaker, and no matter how many of these ill- advised work policies you put in place, a 7-year-old cannot work; someone dis-abled cannot work; someone 68, 69 years old may not be able to find a job that an employer will provide for them. And of the rest of those who receive SNAP, let’s talk about the facts. More than half of SNAP households have at least one working age disabled adult in it while receiving SNAP. More than 80 percent work in the year before or after receiving SNAP. Work rates are even higher for families with children where more than 60 percent work. Work, Mr. Speaker, while receiving SNAP. Yet, we have H.R. 2, which requires work requirements. And yet, we talk about how to extend and make the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.009 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3584 April 26, 2018 
safety net better for farmers in our farm bill. But here comes more pro-posals to restrict eligibility, reduce benefits, cap or reduce funding, and alter SNAP’s core purpose—to help struggling Americans when tough times hit—and tough times are right now, Mr. Speaker. The fact is that for low-income fami-lies, every single dollar counts, no mat-ter where these families live. If they are urban families, they are rural fami-lies, tens of millions of Americans who are old and young, hunger sees no gen-der, race, religion, or culture. And, Mr. Speaker, there are hungry Republicans as well. I just want to send a reality check to our colleagues who are running around the country praising their tax cuts for the wealthy. Poverty and joblessness remains a stark reality in our country, and the populations that have the highest levels of poverty and unem-ployment, including older Americans, are the ones most affected. Punishing disadvantaged families will not break the grip of poverty. Mr. Speaker, I urge us to reject these cuts. 
f 
CELEBRATING 80TH BIRTHDAY OF BOB CASHELL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the birthday of a Nevada icon. I am sure you all recall that the State of Nevada turned 150 a few years ago, and that the Biggest Little City in the World, Reno, is turn-ing 150. Well, Bob Cashell, former University of Nevada regent, former Nevada lieu-tenant governor, and former mayor of the city of Reno, is past the halfway point in catching the State of Nevada and the city of Reno at 150. He is 80, four score. A native of the Lone Star State, like many Nevadans, Bob got to Nevada as fast as he could. A leader in Nevada’s gaming resort industry, an A list phi-lanthropist, and a blue chip public servant, he has done some great work as a Nevadan. Of course, he owes all of his success, and his defiance of the actuarial tables, to his wife Nancy, who has performed miracles during their lifelong partner-ship of transforming this pilgrim from Texas into a special part of Nevada’s fabric. Thank you, Nancy. And happy birthday to you, Mr. Mayor, for life. Bob Cashell is 80. 
f 
MUELLER INVESTIGATION MUST CONTINUE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, I rise because I love my country. Mr. Speaker, I rise because I want to thank the President and compliment the President. I thank the President for indicating this morning that he will not—N-O-T—will not interfere with the Mueller investigation. He said as much on national TV. I compliment him for saying this, Mr. Speaker, because if he does so in contravention of Article II, section 4 of the Constitution, it would be tantamount to impeachment. So, I compliment you, Mr. President, for being forthright, and I assume you meant what you said. However, you went on to say: ‘‘I may change my mind.’’ Mr. Speaker, I trust that the Presi-dent meant what he said initially, and that he will not change his mind. Be-cause, again, to do so in contravention of Article II, section 4 of the Constitu-tion will be tantamount to impeach-ment. The only body in this country that can litigate impeachment is the Congress of the United States of Amer-ica. As a result, Mr. Speaker, I want to assure all—especially the President—if you do this, Mr. President, I assure you there will be articles of Impeachment brought before the Congress of the United States of America. Now, Mr. President, I am in no rush to do this. As a matter of fact, I don’t enjoy using the personal pronoun when it comes to this kind of dialogue— monologue, in this case, as I am talk-ing directly to you. But, Mr. President, if no one else does, I will. I will not allow the Constitution to be ignored and, to a certain extent, trampled upon. I will bring the Articles of Im-peachment. As a matter of fact, I have instructed my staff to draft them. They will be ready to go. I also have instructed my staff to tweet this message that if you do so, Mr. President, if you interfere in con-travention of Article II, section 4, I will bring the Articles of Impeach-ment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. f 
HONORING COLONEL STAN CASS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Stan Cass, United States Army, retired. Colonel Cass passed away on April 14, at the age of 84. Born in Weld County, Colorado, to a family of farmers, Colonel Cass grad-uated from Briggsdale High School and attended West Point. After brief stints in Germany and France, Stan began his first tour of duty in Vietnam as a helicopter pilot, dangerously traversing the skies to support infantry troops. He briefly came back to the States to complete a master’s degree before returning to Vietnam to command 300 helicopters in an air cavalry fleet. After his valiant efforts in Vietnam, Colonel Cass worked in the Pentagon on the Hellfire missile system, and then returned to Weld County to take over the family farm. But he wasn’t finished serving. In 2008, he launched the northern Colo-rado chapter of Honor Flight, a nation-wide nonprofit that transports Amer-ica’s veterans for visits to our war me-morials in Washington, D.C. Stan helped transport over 2,500 vet-erans to Washington over the past dec-ade, giving our heroes a chance to re-flect on and find closure in their war-time experiences. Like so many other families in northern Colorado, Colonel Cass very personally impacted my family. My wife, Perry, has volunteered for the or-ganization, and my father-in-law, Bill, has gone on one of those flights as a veteran. They both have been alongside Colonel Cass and meeting some of the amazing veterans living in our commu-nity. Their humility, endurance, and wisdom have taught us so much. Colonel Cass dedicated his life to this country and the men and women who serve it. I offer my condolences to his wife, Cecily, the rest of his family, and everyone in our community who had the chance to know this humble, in-credible human being. I know there are many. RECOGNIZING RANDY BANGERT  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Randy Bangert, editor of the Greeley Tribune newspaper. On April 14, the Colorado Press Asso-ciation inducted Mr. Bangert into the Hall of Fame, honoring his incredible 45-year career with the paper of note in Weld County. Just 3 years ago, he earned the Newspaper Person of the Year Award from the same association. The Greeley Tribune is a reflection of Randy, conducting itself with class and dignity. His goal is to equip the public with knowledge so that citizens can make things right in their community. b1100 Randy never shies away from telling the truth. If he disagrees with one of my positions, he lets me know it, and he lets everyone else know it, too, in his editorial that day. But Randy’s cri-tiques are always fair and respectful. He wants to build consensus to make our community, State, and country a better place. We need more people who believe in civility in our public dis-course like Randy. Randy also cares deeply about his community. I know this, because I see him everywhere around town. This is what makes him such a good news-paper editor. He knows who he works for, the people, and he listens to them. But last year Randy received some bad news. He faces the toughest battle so far in his life—cancer. The thing about Randy is we know how he is fighting it. It is the same way he ran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.011 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3585 April 26, 2018 
the newspaper. He is feisty, passionate, caring, and optimistic. I pray for Randy and his family in this challenging time, and I pray for our community, as others step up in the big shoes they must now fill as Randy transitions to the editor emer-itus role. Randy’s induction into the Colorado Hall of Fame is important. I congratu-late him on this incredible honor, but what seems more important is the im-pact he has had on our community. I thank him today for the way he has shaped Greeley and Weld County. That impact will never be forgotten. 
f 
FARM BILL AND SNAP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by saying that there are a lot of things in this farm bill that I actu-ally agree with, and I would like to be supportive of such components of this bill. I agree with and would like to be a partner in getting this bill passed. However, there are some things I need to mention. For the last 50 years, Democrats and Republicans have worked together to combine food and farming programs in a bipartisan effort. However, when dis-cussing the 2018 farm bill, which will come up for a vote very soon, I want to shed some light on some things that don’t quite add up, some things that aren’t what I would call common sense. In essence, this bill aims to restrict eligibility and reduce benefits of the Nation’s most effective antihunger pro-gram, SNAP, formerly known as food stamps. Moreover, this proposed bill dumps a massive burden on State gov-ernments. Therefore, although I intend to be an active partner in the final pas-sage of this legislation, I cannot and will not support the 2018 farm bill until the necessary changes are made. If enacted, this bill, as it is currently designed, will deal damaging blows to the very heart of America by cutting nearly $20 billion from SNAP, resulting in higher levels of hunger, poverty, and critical health problems. I want to take just a minute to re-mind my colleagues and those who are watching at home who the SNAP re-cipients are. In my home State of Missouri, SNAP reached 759,000 residents, more than 10 percent of the population. That is 1 in every 10 Missourians. SNAP kept 221,000 people out of poverty in Mis-souri, including 109,000 children, which reminds me—and this is the painful part of being in a body that has now be-come tribal in the way we conduct business, and it is so sad that we have come into this situation. Over and over and over there is this theory that is floated out in America that people are stealing food stamps and living in luxury homes and all of this; and it is just so sad because, when you hear something like this for dec-ades, people actually believe it. There is no proof to what they say when they make these allegations. It may be important to know that 82 percent of the places where food stamps or SNAP are redeemed, there is 0.5 percent fraud. But if you listen to people, they are not going to say it on the floor. They could go and say it out in the world, but they won’t say it on the floor, be-cause they know that it is inaccurate, but you would come to believe that, boy, these people are ripping these hardworking Americans off. Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive. That is from Macbeth, and it is exactly what is happening. We are deceiving the American public. I read somewhere that says the gen-erous will themselves be blessed for the food they share with the poor. That is something that we should remember, particularly those of us who are in-clined to read the book from which that quote came. As Representatives of the United States of America, it is our responsi-bility to pass legislation that is proactive, not reactive. It is our re-sponsibility to understand the very real and human consequences that could take place if this legislation is passed as it currently stands. Once again, let me remind you of the fact that the SNAP program is the most effective way to combat food in-security. I know. I grew up poor. I grew up in public housing. I saw my father working three jobs to get us out of pub-lic housing. We lived there 5 years. He would not even take food stamps be-cause he didn’t want anybody to think that he was not working hard enough. So I get a little frustrated when I hear people lying about people who receive SNAP. The fact that, in the year 2018, there are children and adults in America who go hungry is absolutely appalling. It is important to note that over 70 percent of the people who receive SNAP are the children, the disabled, and the poor. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the gentleman, my colleague, Democratic colleague, for his com-ments and his personal testimony, and I respect his dad and the heritage of work that he left for his son. I am on the Agriculture Committee, and I have got to say I am confused, I am perplexed, and, quite frankly, I am outraged in many ways with some of my colleagues’ comments about work and the work requirements that we are putting in the Food Stamp program. This doesn’t have anything to do about children, about disabled people, about the elderly. This is about requiring people who are able-bodied to work who aren’t working. We are long overdue for reforms in this country. We are long overdue to have policies in place that encourage work. We want people to have the blessing and dignity of work. We want people to fulfill their God-given poten-tial. We want them to contribute to so-ciety. We have 6 million jobs, surplus jobs. We want folks to make the best out of the life that God has given them for their communities, for their families, for themselves. This is unbelievable in the United States of America. We are asking that, if you receive assistance from hard-working, taxpaying Americans, you would just work 20 hours a week or vol-unteer or be trained to work. That is all we are asking. I see hardworking people throughout the gallery, and I bet you they feel the same way. I have seen the polls. Over 80 percent of the people in this country say more people need to work and pay taxes and contribute to this great country. I believe in the safety net. I believe in compassion. I believe that is the heart of God, and I think it should be reflected in our policies. But God also expects personal responsibility, and He expects us to have responsible policies that pull people up and out of a cycle of dependency and poverty. That is not compassion; that is not decency; and that is not common sense. So I support this farm bill, and I ap-preciate the tone, I really do, of my colleague. He is a gentleman, I can tell. I don’t even know him, but I can tell he is a gentleman and a statesman, but I cannot listen to folks who, in my opin-ion, are scaring folks in the public and my colleagues who are on the Agri-culture Committee and here in the House from not voting to make respon-sible, reasonable, compassionate, and commonsense reforms to food stamps. We need to do that in every govern-ment assistance program. We need to pull people out of the welfare trap, and we need to equip them and encourage them and support them to be the best that they can be. I don’t know how much time I have left, Mr. Speaker, but I want to also comment on some fellow west Texans who are here in town to compete for the 2018 National Science Bowl. This week, Lubbock High School will join select schools across the country who earned the opportunity to compete at the national finals. I want to thank the Department of Energy and my fel-low Texan, Secretary Rick Perry, for sponsoring this important competition. The students from Lubbock com-peting in this tournament are part of a national effort to ensure America con-tinues to lead the way in science and remains the laboratory of innovation in the entire world. That is the great-ness of American innovation. We want this generation to discover the cure to cancer, to solve the chal-lenges of cybersecurity, and to push the boundaries of outer space. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.014 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3586 April 26, 2018 
These students’ commitment to science is impressive, and I am con-fident that their generation will propel us to new heights of discovery that will improve the quality of life for all hu-manity. Congratulations again to Lubbock High School and to all the schools com-peting in the tournament. Go Westerners. Mr. Speaker, as I conclude, I thank Chairman C
ONAWAY and the leadership of the Ag Committee for providing the safety net so that we can feed and clothe the American people, so that we can make important investments in rural infrastructure for sustainable small towns, the heartbeat of this country, so that we can continue to be the leader in agriculture innovation and technology development, and so we can make the compassionate reforms to food stamps. God bless America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from ref-erences to occupants of the gallery. 
f 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FACE A CLEAR CHOICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, the American people face a clear choice about the way forward: the Republican raw deal or the Democratic better deal. House Republicans want to take away healthcare from more than 23 million Americans—raw deal; Demo-crats want to strengthen the Afford-able Care Act and dramatically lower the cost of prescription drugs—better deal. House Republicans have a fake infra-structure plan that will do nothing to repair our Nation’s crumbling bridges, roads, and tunnels—raw deal; Demo-crats have a real infrastructure plan that would invest $1 trillion and create 16 million good-paying jobs—better deal. House Republicans passed a tax scam where 83 percent of the benefits went to the wealthiest 1 percent in America simply to subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless—raw deal; Demo-crats want a permanent tax cut for working families so we can put more money into the pockets of everyday Americans—better deal. House Republicans want to cut more than $2 trillion from Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid—raw deal; Democrats want to strengthen Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid so that senior citizens from throughout the land can live out their golden years with grace and dignity. That is A Bet-ter Deal. House Republicans are all about chaos, crisis, and confusion; Democrats are working to deliver better jobs, bet-ter wages, and a better future. The American people deserve A Bet-ter Deal. b1115 RECOGNIZING HIGHLANDS HIGH SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize outstanding stu-dents in my district from Highlands High School in Fort Thomas. These ex-ceptional students competed in the ‘‘We the People’’ State-level competi-tion, and they will represent our State at the national competition here in D.C. this weekend. This is their 15th State championship win. The ‘‘We the People’’ program is di-rected by the Center for Civic Edu-cation, and its goal is to increase stu-dents’ knowledge of constitutional his-tory and government—I think some of my colleagues could stand to partici-pate in this program—and to provide a foundation in civics education that will prepare them for future leadership roles. The program sponsors student de-bates and hearings. This year, some of the national hearing questions for dis-cussion include: What are classical re-publicanism and natural rights philos-ophy, and how did they influence the Declaration of Independence, the Con-stitution, and the Bill of Rights? How has the relationship among the three branches of government changed in the course of the history of our country? It has changed quite a bit. I am proud of my constituent stu-dents’ hard work and dedication. I wish them the very best of luck in this com-petition this weekend and congratulate them for their outstanding work rep-resenting the State of Kentucky. 
PRESIDENT MACRON ’S BRAND OF SOCIALISM  
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I let the statements and the speech of our guest yesterday go unan-swered. The President of France was here, right at this microphone, deliv-ering his own brand of socialism. It is new and improved. We have all seen the inefficiencies of socialism play out in Europe over the decades and the horrors of national so-cialism. But the French President has a new brand of socialism that we are all supposed to be enamored with. I would call it global socialism, maybe even global corporate socialism. I hope none of my colleagues were se-duced by his ideas. Ironically, they are motivated by fear, an irrational fear of the carbon dioxide molecule. Carbon dioxide is a necessary ingredient for all life on this planet. For instance, let me give you the equation for photosynthesis. Basically, plants take six CO
2molecules and react them with six water molecules, in the presence of sunlight, to create one sugar molecule and six oxygen mol-ecules. Take CO
2off this planet, and what happens? Nearly everything dies and we die. So I think it is very interesting that this new socialism has a twist to it, this global socialism, and that is, it is motivated by an irrational fear of one of the two chemical compounds that form the basis of our food chain. Very ironic. It is also motivated by something else that the Europeans have had a penchant for for centuries, that has bankrupted nearly every country over there, and that is a penchant for war, for interventionism. Nearly all of them, at one point or time, have sought to build an empire. So the President of France was over here saying that we should also be interventionists; that we need to get involved in the Middle East more; that we need to be involved in all of the countries. I reject this. I would urge my col-leagues to stick with the plan we have got. Stick with the policy that we have had since the beginning of this coun-try. Stick with the Constitution. Stick with capitalism. Stick with the idea that if you build something you own it, and reject European socialism. f 
BRITISH OFFICIALS ARE HOLDING ALFIE EVANS CAPTIVE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, as someone who went to grade and high school in the 1970s, I learned about countries, particularly the Soviet Union and its Eastern European sat-ellites, that severely limited the right of their people to travel. In effect, they were prisoners in their own country. Indeed, in postwar Germany, the Communists even built a wall through Berlin. They did so not to keep people from West Berlin from traveling to East Berlin; they did it to prevent the captives of East Berlin from running to freedom in the West. There is a tragic story unfolding in Britain this week of a new, virtual Ber-lin Wall that British and European au-thorities have erected around little 2- year-old Alfie Evans, who lives in Brit-ain. They have eliminated this child’s right to travel, and they are holding him prisoner. Alfie is severely handicapped. British officials have made the decision, over the objection of Alfie’s young parents, that Alfie would be better off dead. As such, they are prohibiting Alfie’s par-ents from taking him to Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome, which has offered to care for the boy. Alfie is not suffering, but British offi-cials appear to be projecting their own subjective views on Alfie’s quality of life and are deeming his life not worthy of living. Among my most heartwarming expe-riences in my work in my district are visits to residences of the severely handicapped. I have visited with indi-viduals who will never walk and who will never communicate verbally. But they can and do love, and they are loved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.015 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3587 April 26, 2018 
For some folks in life, their calling is that simple, to love and be loved; and their presence makes us better persons. Perhaps that is Alfie’s calling, to love and be loved. Maybe those in Britain responsible for Alfie’s faith should con-sider that. To be clear, Alfie’s right to life does not come from Parliament; it doesn’t come from the crown; it doesn’t come from any British court. It comes from God. Mr. Speaker, the British authorities should back down. They should allow Alfie’s parents to take him to Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome. The British au-thorities should tear down the virtual wall they have put up around him and let him be free so he can continue to love and be loved. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 21 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Chaplain Phil Crenshaw, Lubbock, Texas, offered the following prayer: Dear Holy Father, it is with grateful hearts we begin this day with Thee, the author and finisher of our faith. We come praying for Thy blessing for every man and woman in this assembly representing all the people of our great Nation. We recognize our inability to exist at our best without Thy supreme wisdom, for Thou hast said: ‘‘A contrite heart, O God, Thou will not despise.’’ And be-cause of this, we seek supreme direc-tion in the deliberation and our need for divine petition. We further recognize our imperfec-tion and beseech Thy forgiveness when unintentional errors in judgment are forthcoming. Grant, dear Father, Thy unhindered blessing to all those assem-bled at this moment, remembering Thy words: ‘‘Blessed is the Nation whose God is the Lord.’’ Thank You for loving us and praying that we may in turn love You with grateful, overflowing hearts. In Jesus’ name, we pray. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. GABBARD led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING CHAPLAIN PHIL CRENSHAW The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, the Good Book says, ‘‘a righteous man’s prayers availeth much.’’ What a prayer, Mr. Crenshaw; what a man; what a great American. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our guest chaplain and my dear friend, Mr. Phil Crenshaw. Mr. Crenshaw’s life has taken him across the globe, from serving our country in World War II to spreading the Gospel of Jesus in places like Nor-way, Israel, Russia, and India. At every stop on his journey, Mr. Crenshaw’s mission has always been the same: sim-ply to love God and serve others. While stationed in Okinawa, he min-istered to marines, soldiers, and air-men, as well as over 4,000 Japanese POWs, living out God’s commandment not just to love our neighbors, but to love our enemies as well. Over the years, following his return from war, Mr. Crenshaw, along with his late wife, Ruth, to whom he was mar-ried for 66 years, opened up their home and their hearts to more than 50 young people who were in need of a place to stay, some of them orphans. At 95, Mr. Crenshaw is the last living chaplain’s assistant from World War II, and he still lives every day to the full-est, serving our community and serv-ing the Lord with all his body, soul, and strength. Mr. Crenshaw, your life of personal sacrifice and faithful service to our country and to the Kingdom of God is an inspiration to all of us. We are all honored to have you here this day. God bless you, Mr. Crenshaw; God bless the country you fought for and served; and, go, West Texas. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CUBAN EXILES (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2018 hon-orees of an organization named FACE, or Facts About Cuban Exiles. The awardees are: Gus Machado, Jorge Santos, and Cesar Pizarro. These three men embody the drive and spirit of Cuban exiles and have made outstanding contributions to our south Florida community. Since its foundation, FACE has been working to highlight the achievements of the Cuban diaspora in Miami. FACE has given a voice to refugees like me who had no other choice but to leave our native homeland in search of freedom and human rights here in the U.S. It disseminates the truth about what is occurring in Cuba and ensures that the victims of the communist re-gime are not forgotten. Through FACE, and many other or-ganizations that share the same goals, we will finally see a free and demo-cratic Cuba, where citizens are given the opportunity to build up their coun-try, instead of being forced to flee it. I would like to thank FACE for its work over these 36 years. Again, I con-gratulate Gus, Jorge, and Cesar on this wonderful, well-deserved honor. f 
REAUTHORIZING THE FAA (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, the House will vote tomorrow to reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration. In 2010, Congress approved landmark flight safety legislation after flight 3407 crashed outside of Buffalo, New York, in 2009. The National Transpor-tation Safety Board concluded that pilot error was the cause of that trag-edy. The bill the House will vote on to-morrow must uphold and reaffirm our commitment to those safety standards. The Southwest Airlines emergency landing 2 weeks ago is an urgent and inspiring reminder of the importance of pilot training to keep the flying pub-lic safe. The Southwest pilot, Tammie Jo Shults, piloted that plane to a safe landing in a calm, controlled, and com-petent manner borne out of one thing: excellent pilot training. 
f 
NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. CURTIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to stand before you today to celebrate National Small Business Week. With 30 million small businesses in the country, and nearly 280,000 of those in Utah, I was proud to join with my colleagues on the Small Business Com-mittee to coauthor H. Res. 840 to recog-nize the vital role of small businesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.017 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3588 April 26, 2018 
It should come as no surprise that Utah is consistently ranked among the best in the Nation for innovative startups and small businesses. In fact, small businesses make up over 99 per-cent of Utah’s business, employ one- half of all employees in the State, and are responsible for two-thirds of our job growth. After spending much of my career as a scrappy small-business owner myself, I strongly believe that small business is the heartbeat of our economy. From emerging tech companies in Silicon Slopes to mom-and-pop shops in rural Utah, I am proud to salute the over-whelming impact of these small busi-nesses. 
f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, for too long, companies like Purdue Pharma have lied, cheated, and swindled the American people, leaving death, addic-tion, and despair in their wake, all be-cause of their greed and their desire to improve their bottom line. Through marketing lies and overdis-tribution of these dangerously addict-ive drugs, they have oversaturated parts of our country already struggling from high levels of addiction, while knowing but not disclosing their high-ly addictive nature and risks. Because of their tactics, this opioid epidemic now takes 115 American lives every sin-gle day. The time for holding these drug com-panies and their leaders accountable is long overdue. These companies rake in billions of dollars in profit every year on the backs of the American people, and not one of them has been pros-ecuted or held accountable. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting bicameral legislation, the Opioid Crisis Accountability Act, that would prohibit illegal marketing and distribution of opioids and empower prosecutors to punish those who break the law. We cannot allow perpetrators of this epidemic to continue ruining lives in this country. We must hold those re-sponsible accountable for the damage, heartache, and suffering they have caused. 
f 
WELCOMING SETH PARRISH TO CAPITOL FOR TAKE YOUR CHIL-DREN TO WORK DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today there are a lot of boys and girls in the Capitol who are dressed for success and ready to get to work. Of course, I am talking about Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. While my three sons are grown and my oldest has children of his own, I do have the privilege of having Seth Lewis Parrish with me today. Seth lives in Maryland, and thanks to the nonprofit Tuesday’s Children, he gets to spend the day with me; or, rath-er, I get to spend the day with him. This is my second year in a row with my friend, Seth. I have had the privi-lege of hosting him for our Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. Mr. Speaker, in 2009, Seth’s dad was serving in the Army and lost his life a month and 2 days, Seth tells me, before he was born. Tuesday’s Children uses its experience and expertise to help our military families work through their own losses. April is also the Month of the Mili-tary Child, so it is even more of an honor for me to have Seth here again with me today. He is a great young man with a bright future. He is a Cub Scout, hockey player, flag football player, and great kid. f 
TRUMP JUNK PLANS (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call attention to the rule that the Trump administration is expected to release shortly, which will allow fake, short-term health insur-ance plans to be sold. During the 115th Congress, the Re-publican majority has taken every ac-tion possible to undermine and sabo-tage the Affordable Care Act. I expect these new regulations will be no dif-ferent. No matter how the Trump adminis-tration and our majority try to sell short-term insurance plans to the American people, the devil is in the de-tails. These junk plans are just that: junk. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation report, these plans are likely to exclude coverage for pre-existing conditions and not cover es-sential services such as maternity care, mental health, and substance abuse treatment and prescription drugs. The people need to know what is covered when they buy that insurance and what is not covered when they get sick. AARP, the American Heart Associa-tion, the American Medical Associa-tion, and many other health and pa-tient advocacy organizations have urged the President to withdraw this proposed rule. I ask my colleagues to join me and ask President Trump to withdraw this harmful rule. 
f 
HONORING DR. RANDY STITH (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to recognize a truly great citizen of Aurora, Colorado, Dr. Randy Stith. As the executive director and CEO of Aurora Mental Health Center for over 40 years, Randy has exemplified the qualities of a great Colorado leader throughout his entire career. He has spent the last four decades providing access to mental healthcare to those in the greater Aurora area, often commit-ting to 60-hour work weeks, while keeping up-to-date in the behavioral healthcare field, which is constantly evolving. Randy has been a true trailblazer in championing the expansion of mental healthcare, as it has rapidly progressed as part of the healthcare industry, es-pecially over the past 50 years. He has served his community valiantly through triumph and tragedy, most no-tably, offering free counseling through the Aurora Mental Health Center to anyone in the Aurora area who had been impacted by the 2012 theater mass shooting. Randy’s commitment to serving his patients, as well as his community, will be difficult to replace. However, I know that the entire Aurora commu-nity takes great pride in knowing that we have civic leaders such as Randy who are locally active. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to Dr. Randy Stith, and to the entire staff of the Aurora Mental Health Center, for their tireless and unwavering commit-ment to offering excellent mental healthcare services to the people of Au-rora, Colorado, over the last 40 years. f 
b1215 A BETTER DEAL (Mr. EVANS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, the GOP is consumed by chaos and confusion. My fellow Democrats and I are focused on delivering better jobs, better wages, and a better future for hardworking Americans in Philadelphia and neigh-bors nationwide. When it comes to childcare, the Re-publicans are offering a raw deal for our future leaders. We must protect, defend, and provide for the American children. That means better childcare, healthcare, and education. I am a firm believer that quality pre-K for our kids is an investment in the continued suc-cess of our cities. That is exactly what we have seen in the city of Philadelphia, a city I have been proud to call home my entire life. Mayor Kenney’s pre-K initiative in our city is making quality, reliable pre-K a reality for all kids. I have visited sev-eral early education providers: KenCrest, the Parent Infant Center, and Smart Beginnings. I can tell you firsthand that the services they offer are building a stronger city. As your voice in Congress, please know I am working hard to deliver a better deal for our children and fami-lies, and that means to ensure pre-K for our children. Together we can build and level the playing field for a strong-er Philadelphia block by block and a better place for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.019 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3589 April 26, 2018 
TECHNOLOGY REDUCES EMISSIONS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, to ensure environmental progress, we must let technology lead the way. However, the liberal media often ig-nores news about innovations that would mitigate climate change. A recent report by the Environ-mental Protection Agency shows that U.S. greenhouse gas emissions have de-clined by 11 percent since 2005. No other industrialized country has made so much progress. Investor’s Business Daily points out in an editorial, ‘‘How U.S. Slashed CO
2,’’ that breakthroughs in technology, and not one-size-fits-all regulations, are the reason for U.S. success in reducing emissions. The IBD article also notes that many countries that signed the Paris accord continue to increase their emissions. Instead of innovating, these countries are regulating. Regulations set impos-sible targets for carbon emissions and have little impact on the environment. The media should report on techno-logical innovations that address cli-mate change. Instead, they use scare tactics to promote more government regulations and government control of the economy. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL CHART DAY (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing a resolution to recog-nize April 26 as International Chart Day, a celebration of charts, data vis-ualization, and infographics of all types. An American public that is better equipped to understand what goes in a good chart will be better equipped to spot and discard fake news. In news re-porting and academia, the use of prop-erly sourced and formatted charts help explain complex issues. Charts help the brain discern patterns and trends that large amounts of data often hide. The goal of International Chart Day is to study the history of data visual-ization, celebrate innovations in infographics, and encourage wider adoption of their use across society. My colleagues and I in Congress are prolific creators of charts, many of which are archived on the excellent blog ‘‘Floor Charts,’’ curated by Wil-liam Gray. If you are interested in joining in on the celebration, please share your favorite charts online and use #chartday. 
f 
HONORING TAMMIE JO SHULTS (Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tammie Jo Shults, the Southwest Airlines captain who hero-ically and expertly landed the damaged Boeing 737 last week. She saved 148 lives through her courage, skill, profes-sionalism, and nerves of steel. We also mourn the death of Jennifer Riordan, who was killed by the imme-diate effects of this mishap. Tammie Jo Shults was a hero long before this successful emergency land-ing. Captain Shults was one of the first female fighter pilots for the U.S. Navy and one of the first to fly the F/A–18. Although she was never allowed to fly in combat, she became an aggressive pilot and an instructor. Tammie Jo re-minds us that the airplane doesn’t care whether you have ovaries or not, as long as you have the qualifications and training to complete the mission. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I intro-duced a resolution on Monday to com-mend Captain Tammie Jo Shults for her unflappable courage that saved so many lives and for paving the way for women in the military and commercial aviation to finally fly in combat and lead as equals. Generations of women can fight for freedom and save lives, like she did, because of her. Thanks for leading the way, Tammie Jo, for all of us. 
f 
GOP TAX SCAM (Mr. YARMUTH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a real-life account of the raw deal Republicans gave the Amer-ican people with their GOP tax scam. Dennis, a retired constituent of mine from Louisville, who still works part time, recently wrote a letter to the Courier-Journal newspaper. He stated: ‘‘The so-called tax cut for the middle class is going to cost me an estimated $600 more in taxes in 2018.’’ Dennis pays his taxes quarterly, which is why he did these calculations now. He added in part: ‘‘I urge people to look into this so-called great tax break for the middle class. This might change your mind on the current Mem-bers of Congress that have been mis-leading you to thinking they are actu-ally working to help you, unless you are one of the big donors!’’ Dennis isn’t alone. By the time this scam is fully implemented, more than 80 million middle class families will see their taxes increase. That is not progress. That is a ripoff. 
f 
AIR MARSHALS PROGRAM (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, yesterday’s New York Times carried a story headlined ‘‘Scandals and Investigations, but Few Arrests, for Air Marshals Program.’’ In fact, in the most recent 10-year pe-riod that was studied, 148 air marshals were arrested; and throughout the his-tory of this program, there have been many more air marshals arrested than there have been arrests made by air marshals. Yet, over the last 10 years, the Congress has appropriated well over $8 billion for this needless, useless program. At least 250 air marshals have been terminated for misconduct and over 400 more have resigned or retired during conduct investigations. This has to be about the easiest job in the country today. All these mar-shals do is fly back and forth, back and forth, on airplanes, usually or often in first class. The New York Times’ story said the program ‘‘is in such disarray that it does little to deter terrorists, many of its employees say.’’ The story also said alcohol abuse is so rampant that the TSA has had to monitor whether the armed guards show up for their shifts sober. Mr. Speaker, yet, we are going to give this needless, useless program an-other $800 million this year. Ridicu-lous. f 
ADAPT ACT (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, in 2016, more than 63,000 people died from drug overdose, more than 30,000 of these from opioids. We also know that 80 percent of heroin users started with prescription opioids. Reducing opioid- related deaths will take a broad, multi-faceted effort, and everyone has a role to play, including physicians. In congressional hearings and com-munity conversations, I constantly hear that enhancing continuing edu-cation for prescribers on the risks asso-ciated with opioid medication and indi-cations and treatment of addictive be-haviors can help reduce dependence and abuse of these drugs. This week, I was proud to partner with Congresswoman S
USAN BROOKS of Indiana to introduce the bipartisan ADAPT Act. Our bill would help ensure prescribers have continuing medical education on safe prescribing, opioid risks, pain management alternatives, early detection of drug abuse, and treatment options for patients suf-fering from addiction. We know more about opioid addiction today than we did 20 years ago. With ongoing research, we will continue to gain new insights and understanding. We need our doctors to be equipped with the latest tools and best practices when treating patients. I urge my colleagues to join us in support of this effort to equip those on the front lines of the opioid crisis with the latest and best training to help our communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.021 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3590 April 26, 2018 
HONORING CORPORAL EUGENE COLE (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, yester-day, my fellow Mainers woke up to heartbreaking news: Corporal Eugene Cole, a deputy at Somerset County Sheriff’s Office in Norridgewock, was shot and killed in the line of duty. This horrific act was the first killing of a police officer in Maine in almost 30 years. Every day, Mr. Speaker, for 13 years, Eugene Cole put on his uniform and his equipment and set out to protect our families in Maine. Mr. Cole served cen-tral Maine with honor and integrity and a relentless sense of duty. Mr. Speaker, Maine is one of the safest places in the country to live and work and raise your kids, and that is because of heroes like Eugene Cole. I am so grateful for his work and his sac-rifice. On behalf of all of my fellow Mainers, Mr. Speaker, I send our deepest sym-pathies to the family of Eugene Cole. I will be praying for them during this very, very difficult time. 
f 
THE NEXT VA SECRETARY (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of our Nation’s veterans. Over the last 16 months, this Con-gress and President have made tremen-dous progress for the men and women who have served our country in uni-form. Congress passed and the Presi-dent signed into law the largest expan-sion of GI benefits since World War II: appeals reform, the Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act, and sev-eral other important bills. As a member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I have been proud to author legislation and contribute to these initiatives on behalf of Hoosier veterans. But there is still so much more to do for our veterans and to ad-dress many of the longstanding issues within the VA, which is why it is abso-lutely vital that our next VA Secretary has the experience and commitment needed to build upon the progress that we have already made. Our veterans have made tremendous sacrifices to keep our Nation free and secure, and they deserve the highest quality of people serving at the VA. Today, I urge the Trump administra-tion to nominate a VA Secretary com-mitted to making important reforms and serving our Nation’s heroes who have served us so well. 
f 
PAKISTAN’S SUPPORT OF TERRORISTS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Paki-stan has been betraying the inter-national community and is supporting terrorism. The Financial Action Task Force officially placed Pakistan on its grey list of countries not doing enough to counter terror finance. Not only does Pakistan provide safe haven for all stripes of terrorist groups, it also turns a blind eye to so-called Islamic charities tied to terrorist operations and other terrorist financiers. Paki-stan has paid lip service to the fight against terrorism, while supporting the very criminals that kill Americans and our allies. Mr. Speaker, I was just at the White House where the President honored many of our wounded warriors, some of them wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq. Pakistan’s intelligence services have fostered working relationships with the Haqqani network, al-Qaida, and the Taliban—terrorist groups. Meanwhile, the Pakistan Government has received over $30 billion of American aid. Pakistan is a Benedict Arnold un-faithful ally. We need to stop paying Pakistan to betray us. They will do it for free. And that is just the way it is. f 
KANSAS TEAMS REACH THE NA-TIONAL SCIENCE BOWL NA-TIONAL FINALS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Blue Valley West High School and Pleasant Ridge Middle School on winning their re-gional competitions of the National Science Bowl. Since 1991, the Department of Energy has been using the National Science Bowl to encourage students from di-verse backgrounds who excel in science and mathematics to pursue careers in those areas. For our Nation to remain the beacon of innovation and creation that it is today, we must support and inspire our youth to experiment and explore the world around them. In January of this year, 9,000 high school students and 4,500 middle school students passionate about science and mathematics began to compete. The young people from my district worked hard and have found themselves par-ticipating in the national finals. Start-ing today, these two bright groups of young people will represent Kansas in the National Science Bowl’s national finals. Mr. Speaker, I call upon all of us in this body to join me in wishing Blue Valley West and Pleasant Ridge’s team good luck in the National Science Bowl’s national finals. b1230 FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 4. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ). Pursuant to House Resolution 839 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 4. The Chair appoints the gentleman from New York (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1232 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 4) to re-authorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
ONOVAN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in calling up H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, this bipartisan legislation is cospon-sored by every chair and ranking mem-ber of the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee. This bill is critical to our economy, to millions of Americans who work in aviation, and to hundreds of millions of Americans who use the system every year. H.R. 4 authorizes FAA programs through FY 2023. This is a long-term bill, something that is overdue. Too often, our aviation programs face short-term extensions, CRs, and threats of government shut-downs. We are now operating on the fifth extension from the last long-term FAA law, which was signed on Feb-ruary 14, 2012. Before the bill was signed into law, Congress passed 23 short-term exten-sions. This is an incredible amount of uncertainty for programs that rely on long-term stability. That uncertainty was one of the reasons I initially pushed for air traffic control reform, to separate the modernization of our sys-tem from the unreliable Federal budget process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.023 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3591 April 26, 2018 
In that regard, this bill only main-tains the status quo. I still strongly be-lieve Congress must soon pass real air traffic control reform for the U.S. to fi-nally develop the most modern, ad-vanced aviation system in the world, and right now, we cannot claim that. The more we delay, the more we risk losing our position in the world as a leader in aviation. So, while H.R. 4 does not contain all the reforms our system needs, it does contain other important reforms that must be implemented. For example, this bill cuts red tape in the certifi-cation process so our manufacturers can get products to market on time, stay competitive, and continue pro-viding millions of American jobs. It streamlines the regulatory process to encourage innovation and new tech-nologies, like unmanned aircraft sys-tems. It provides critical funding for the AIP program and airport infrastruc-ture across America. It strengthens protections for pas-sengers, and it addresses safety issues that have arisen in recent years. The bill contains many good provi-sions, and I plan to offer a manager’s amendment that provides additional improvements. That includes an addi-tional safety provision in light of the April 17 Southwest flight 1380 engine failure. I want to commend pilot Tammie Jo Shults for her absolute heroic perform-ance after a catastrophic engine failure at over 30,000 feet. This was a pro-longed emergency—not over in just a minute or two. For the next 15 to 20 minutes, with a hole in the cabin and believing that a passenger may have been completely sucked out, she calm-ly and expertly guided the plane to an emergency landing. Tragically, one person died in the in-cident, but 148 people are alive today because of Captain Shults and her crew. She prevented what could have been a large tragedy. In my opinion, this is one of the most heroic perform-ances by a pilot and crew in recent memory. Strengthening our aviation system is only one of the reasons we need to pass today’s legislation. H.R. 4 also includes the Disaster Recovery Reform Act, a measure that passed the House in De-cember with overwhelming support, but it was not taken up in the Senate. These provisions strengthen FAA’s focus on predisaster mitigation, pre-paring our communities to better with-stand the next hurricane, wildfire, flood, or other disasters. Building bet-ter and building smarter will save lives and lower the growing cost of disaster recovery. Investing more in mitigating disasters before they strike makes common sense. This bill is a result of the hard work of the Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee, the bill sponsors, and many others. I want to thank Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, Chairman L OBIONDO , Ranking Member L
ARSEN , Chairman BARLETTA , Ranking Member T ITUS, and the many other Members who worked on this legislation. I look forward to a good debate today and to moving this bill to the Senate. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 13, 2018, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure introduced H.R. 4, the FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2018. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, with an additional referral to the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that you allow the Committee on Ways and Means to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your re-quest to have the Committee on Ways and Means represented on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and any response in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , April 17, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : I am writing with respect to H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2018, on which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted a referral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 4 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill so that it may move expeditiously to the floor. The Com-mittee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and the Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of H.R. 4. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 23, 2018. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 13, 2018, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure introduced H.R. 4, the FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2018. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, with an additional referral to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. I ask that you allow the Committee on Fi-nancial Services to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your re-quest to have the Committee on Financial Services represented on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and any response in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, April 23, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for writing regarding H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthor-ization Act of 2018. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 4 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward. I appre-ciate your support for Committee on Finan-cial Services representation on a related conference committee, should one be nec-essary. Thank you in advance for a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 4. I also appreciate your willingness to insert a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 17, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 13, 2018, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure introduced H.R. 4, the FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2018. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, with an additional referral to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.025 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3592 April 26, 2018 
I ask that you allow the Committee on Natural Resources to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your re-quest to have the Committee on Natural Re-sources represented on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and any response in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, April 18, 2018. Hon. B
UDSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I have received your letter regarding H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthor-ization Act of 2018, which was additionally referred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. In the interest of permitting you to pro-ceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this very important bill, I will agree to dis-charge the Natural Resources Committee from further consideration of the bill. I do so with the understanding that the Natural Re-sources Committee does not waive any fu-ture jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill that fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also appreciate your support to name members of the Nat-ural Resources Committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions and for inserting our exchange of letters on H.R. 4 into the Congressional Record during con-sideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you once again for the very cooper-ative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding this matter and many oth-ers between our respective committees. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 19, 2018. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 13, 2018, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure introduced H.R. 4, the FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2018. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, with an additional referral to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. I ask that you allow the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology to be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Ma-jority Leader. This discharge in no way af-fects your jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter of the bill, and it will not serve as prece-dent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology rep-resented on the conference committee. Fi-nally, I would be pleased to include this let-ter and any response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memo-rialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, April 19, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 4, the ‘‘FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018.’’ H.R. 4 contains provisions within the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your hav-ing consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consider-ation, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and re-quest that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your coopera-tion. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 4, the FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2018. I am pleased to be here today with the chairman of the full committee, Mr. S
HUSTER ; the chairman of the sub-committee, Mr. L
OBIONDO ; and the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. L
ARSEN ), the ranking member. This bill also includes important pro-visions of the Disaster Recovery Re-form Act, something that previously passed the House and somehow escaped the attention of the Senate. We are sending it to them again in the hope they might notice if it is part of this package. Last week was tragic: the first death on a U.S.-flagged passenger aircraft since 2009, and that just followed an alarming news story by ‘‘60 Minutes’’ a few days before about an FAA over-sight of a low-cost carrier. As a result, Ranking Member L
ARSEN  and I have sent a letter to the Sec-retary of Transportation demanding in-formation on the oversight of the in-dustry. We want to make sure that the FAA is being the watchdog that they need to be. It was many years ago, after the hor-rible ValuJet tragedy, the committee had already rejected my amendment to say to strip away the promotional duty of the FAA. Then, after the horrible ValuJet crash, when it turned out it was an incompetent subcontractor to a maintenance station, a totally prevent-able accident, they suddenly decided to change their mind and decided to in-clude my amendment and remove the promotional authority. The FAA’s principal duty is to pro-tect the safety of the flying public, so we have got to be sure they are doing everything needed to do that. There is an important provision in the bill, long overdue, to give flight at-tendants a 10-hour minimum rest. Think of the schedule now—8 hours: Oh, well, the plane landed. You have got to get off the plane. You have got to get out of the airport. You have got to get in a cab or a van. You have got to go to the hotel. You get to return, reverse all that around, and do that. How much sleep are you going to get? So, finally, we are going to get the 10-hour requirement—again, long over-due. Flight attendants are critical safe-ty personnel on the airplane. They can-not be fatigued, just like a pilot can’t be fatigued. I have another concern that we are using computer simulations to meet the FAA standard for evacuation of a plane mandated in 90 seconds. As they jam more and more and more seats into these planes, I wonder if we have reached a point where we can no longer meet that standard, and we are going to have that. We are going to have the inspector general look at that topic and see whether or not we need to re-visit it. You know, it is critical that we be able to get people off as quickly as pos-sible. The U.K. Civil Aviation Author-ity led this many years ago after the Manchester accident, with the spacing for the over-wing exit, something that took me 7 years to get done here. But they have also dropped in more stric-tures on hand baggage and other things and made that part of the briefing, which we don’t get because we don’t want to scare people. Well, we need to be letting people know that they can’t take stuff with them if they have to evacuate quickly. The FAA certification process, we have known for years, it needs reform, and this bill answers that call. It man-dates a top-to-bottom reform of the process by which the FAA certifies new airplane engine and component de-signs. This will help our manufacturers become much more competitive in the world market and introduce their prod-ucts more quickly to stay ahead of the market, but they will still be certified safe. The bill also contains the text of the Flags of Convenience Don’t Fly Here Act. There are some who would turn the airline industry into the cruise line industry, where planes would be crewed by the cheapest labor you can find somewhere in the world. It is being done already with contract crews out of Asia for a so-called European air-line, Norwegian Air, and they are cir-cumventing the process that the EU is bound to under our Open Skies Agree-ment. The bill, unfortunately, lets stand something that Congress adopted in 2012, over my objections, which is to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.009 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3593 April 26, 2018 
say we cannot have a higher standard than the International Civil Aviation Authority on lithium batteries. Lithium batteries are incredibly, in-credibly dangerous on aircraft. We have already lost two 747s, and I will discuss this more when we get to my amendment. It is time to remove the prohibition and let the FAA regulate as they see fit regarding lithium batteries and not bind ourselves to an international group that is captive of other special interests. Just eight lithium batteries can take down an aircraft in a thermal runaway. So that, we will discuss later. This bill also, unfortunately, does not increase the cap on passenger facil-ity charge. I would observe, flying a lot, that there are more and more and more tarmac delays because: I am sorry, your gate is occupied. Oh, the alley to the gate is full of planes. Oh, this, that. A lot of airports are bonded out. We haven’t allowed them, since 2000, to in-crease the passenger facility charge, and so we are going to continue to have those delays. Until they can build larg-er terminals and they can build more gates, that is going to continue. We are also putting in some new mandates on the airports, which I sup-port in this bill, having to do with pets and changing rooms and those sorts of things; but, again, we are not allowing them to get any increase in revenues to meet these new Federal mandates. I haven’t given that up, but, obviously, we are not going to get it in this bill. You know, NextGen will be all for naught. NextGen is progressing well, despite what some say, but if we don’t have enough terminals and gates at those terminals, as the former Admin-istrator Randy Babbitt said: 
We can land them with closer spacing, we can do everything in the world, but at the end of the day at La Guardia Airport when it is a one-runway operation, you can still only land them once every 54 seconds. 
There are physical limits on the ground all around the country. Even if we enhance air traffic movement, avoiding weather and all that, we are going to be constrained at the airports unless the airports have what they need to make these investments. There are a number of amendments that will improve safety and efficiency, and I look forward to discussing those here on the floor. b1245 There is one amendment which is cropping up in this bill that relates to trucking. The gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. D
ENHAM ) will offer it. It has been offered before in the House. It has never gone anywhere in the Senate. I predict the same thing will happen here. The bottom line is there is an issue from a court case that could be solved with a rifle shot, so to speak, regarding interstate commerce. Instead, despite what the proponents have told Rep-resentative D
ENHAM and others, this language would preempt every single State wage and hour law that pertains to trucking in the United States of America. The only strictures would be the Federal hours of service and the Federal minimum wage. The rest would be wiped out by this amendment be-cause of the unfortunate language. There is a real underlying problem, and it could be solved much more dis-cretely. But beyond that, this is a great bill. I again thank the chairmen of the full committee and subcommittee, the ranking member, and other members of the committee. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, it is my great privilege to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ), the former chair of the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank the chairman, Mr. S
HUSTER , and the ranking member, Mr. D
EFAZIO, for bringing a bipartisan bill to the floor. This is a piece of legislation that is long overdue. I think we have had— how many extensions?—five exten-sions. This bill is needed for air traffic. As everybody knows in this room, if you take Alaska, which is 2
1⁄2times the size of Texas, we don’t have any roads; we have air travel. Everybody travels in Alaska, probably more than you travel in your car, by airplane. So this bill handles a lot of the problems in Alaska that we have been addressing through the FAA, which plays a major role. Number one is Essential Air Service. Many people don’t understand the his-tory of Essential Air Service. When we deregulated the airlines, Alaska was left out. Senator Stevens and I kept regulated airlines for 2 extra years until we got the commitment from Essential Air Service so we can serve our communities, and this com-mittee has always seen to it that that did occur. Now, it has been used in other rural areas of America. I understand that need. There will be an amendment to do away with Essential Air Service. I hope all of you will vote against that. It is crucially important to my State. We have another small issue that has come up—and I want to thank the chairman again—which is lithium bat-teries. These were talked about, and it was just talked about by the ranking member. In my State, again, we don’t have highways, we can’t truck things, so an air carrier that has no passengers can transport lithium batteries. They were not allowed to do that under the toxic transportation clause in our law that says they can’t do it. I will tell you, again, that it takes care of the Alaskan Part 121 pilots, who are subject to burdensome Ter-minal Aerodrome Forecasting regula-tions. This will allow pilots to use area forecasting for weather, et cetera, for flying our airplanes. This is a good bill. I am really proud of what Congressman SHUSTER has been able to do. I believe this will be Congressman L
OBIONDO ’s last bill working on something of this signifi-cance for the United States of America. We do have a great air system. I will say that it has worked, it is working, and I am quite proud of the people who work for the airlines. I will only make one suggestion in closing, Mr. Chairman. I am a little concerned about some of the airlines making the spaces a little bit nar-rower, less legroom. I think, frankly, when you have less legroom, you have safety problems. I say that because it is awful hard, in a 3-year-old seat, to get people out from the window if there is an accident when they are all jammed together. So I am just respectfully suggesting the air-lines don’t take away any more space; in fact, give some of it back. Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, vote for it, and let’s get this bipartisan piece of legislation passed. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. I am pleased that Congress is here today to consider a long-term bill to reauthorize the FAA. This moment has been a long time in coming. Congress has not enacted a long-term FAA bill since 2012, and it is currently running on its fifth extension since that time. We are here to consider a comprehen-sive, bipartisan piece of legislation that provides long-term, predictable funding for the FAA, improves aviation safety, addresses workforce needs, and advances vital research in the aviation field. Whether large or small, airports across the United States play an im-portant role in communities by con-necting people, goods, services, and creating jobs. In Washington State, my constituents rely on airports of all sizes. In my hometown of Arlington, general aviation at Arlington Munic-ipal Airport is vital, and the annual EAA fly-in brings in people from all across the country. Bellingham International Airport in northwest Washington is a developing airport, which requires further invest-ments in terminal and operations in-frastructure to help keep pace with passenger demands. Paine Field Airport in Snohomish County is a growing hub in the Pacific Northwest, with the construction of a new terminal and expanded air service expected later this year. Each of these airports plays a dif-ferent, yet important, role in serving the local community and the national aviation network. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.026 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3594 April 26, 2018 
The bill reflects Congress’ consensus to reform FAA’s aircraft certification processes, improve aviation safety, pro-vide additional protections for U.S. passengers, and help to better prepare the aviation workforce and further the safe integration of unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace. One of the most important things this bill does is to make FAA’s certifi-cation process more streamlined, con-sistent, and efficient, while maintain-ing the highest level of safety. The U.S. aviation industry is an eco-nomic powerhouse. It is particularly important to my home State of Wash-ington. In our State, general aviation, alone, contributes an estimated $3.6 billion to the economy and more than 30,000 jobs a year. Without question, predictable and timely certification of aircraft and air-craft components is critical for domes-tic manufacturers to get their products to market. These reforms are des-perately needed to allow U.S. aviation manufacturers like my constituents in Everett, who are, as well, smaller con-tractors, to compete globally. This bill ensures that FAA’s product certification remains the gold standard abroad, as well, so that U.S. manufac-turers remain competitive. As passenger growth continues, Con-gress must ensure airports have the right tools in place to safely accommo-date this new demand. The bill makes a host of improve-ments to make our skies safer, includ-ing: Ensuring the FAA safety workforce is utilized efficiently and receives en-hanced training; Strengthening the FAA’s current vol-untary safety reporting program for pi-lots so that critical safety enhance-ments are not needlessly delayed; Making progress toward NextGen im-plementation through engagement with local communities and airports in the process; Improving the Federal Contract Tower Program to allow airports to make investments in their critical in-frastructure; and Ensuring flight attendants have suf-ficient rest between duty periods. It also includes numerous provisions that enhance the air travel experience for more than 900 million passengers who fly each year, including: A prohibition on airlines involun-tarily bumping passengers after they have boarded; A prohibition on the use of cell phones for voice communications dur-ing flight; and A requirement for airlines to create a one-page document outlining the rights of passengers, which will bring much- needed transparency to this industry. One of my top priorities is to ensure working families in the Pacific North-west get a better deal, which means ex-panding opportunities, creating more jobs, and making sure that the next generation of workers have the tools necessary to succeed. This bipartisan bill that my col-leagues and I have agreed to will pro-tect and create American jobs through airport construction and aerospace manufacturing, ultimately boosting the Nation’s economy. As an example, the Port of Skagit is focused on ex-panding the Skagit Regional Airport and is working to build a new hangar and longer taxiing runways. These im-provements are not only for safety, but will create well-paying jobs in con-struction. Further, the Career Connect Wash-ington initiative aims to connect more than 100,000 students, over the next 5 years, with career-focused learning op-portunities, building a bridge from school into high-demand and good-pay-ing jobs. Across my district, nearly 900 young adults participating in this ini-tiative have connected to apprentice-ships, job shadows, or other structured work-based activity. This bill builds on these efforts to better prepare students for the avia-tion workforce by: Encouraging schools, industry, and other stakeholders to address the skills gap in the aviation maintenance field; and Requiring a GAO study of best prac-tices to incentivize, recruit, and retain new aviation workers. I am pleased that the bill includes my proposal to create a Youth Access to American Jobs in Aviation Task Force. This task force will work with aviation trade schools and community colleges, airline carriers and industry, labor unions, and other relevant stake-holders to develop recommendations to encourage high school students to en-roll in aviation manufacturing, main-tenance, and engineering apprentice-ships. This legislation includes a title on unmanned aircraft systems, or drones, which are flourishing in the skies at a pace we did not imagine just a few years ago. Provisions in the current bill will help the commercial drone in-dustry safely thrive, while also ad-dressing the many issues these new users present as they become inte-grated into U.S. airspace. Finally, this bill enacts a multiyear reauthorization, Mr. Chairman, of avia-tion taxes and FAA expenditure au-thority. This will provide the stable, predictable funding needed to carry out its safety mission and ensure the FAA remains the world leader in aviation research and development. While these are all positive areas to address, I understand that some amendments on slot exemptions and slot swaps have been made in order that would have regional consequences. I oppose these efforts and believe it would be better to have a more sub-stantive discussion to address these issues in the committee. Mr. Chairman, we have the biggest, most complex, and busiest aviation system in the world. We are years past due in enacting a long-term FAA reau-thorization that will allow the U.S. to remain the gold standard in aviation. I am pleased to cosponsor this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, it is my great pleasure and honor to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBIONDO ), my friend and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Aviation of the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, who has been a tireless advocate for aviation safety efficiency, but who has also been a great partner on the committee to me and to the other members of the committee. Also, I want to mention that—and I think this is accurate—he is the only Member of Congress who has a CDL, commercial driver’s license, so he is in a very unique position to not only know and advocate for aviation, but also, on the ground, he knows how commerce moves. Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for yielding. I rise in very strong support of H.R. 4, the reauthorization bill. The Subcommittee on Aviation began the reauthorization process over 3 years ago, a very long process. In that time, we have held a series of roundtables and hearings on the state of the FAA’s certification and safety processes, regulatory efforts, airport grant programs, customer service, and the air traffic control system. The subcommittee also had more than 200 stakeholder meetings in order to gather feedback and hear from var-ious constituencies to understand what would work in the real world—not what 535 Members of Congress may think, but to get input from the people who have to make it work every day. I want to thank those who came to the table willing to share their thoughts and to work together with us. With the passage of H.R. 4, we will be taking an important step toward en-suring the FAA and our aviation indus-try does not suffer through another long series of extensions. Unfortunately, it seems like just about every year Congress is voting to keep the government open, while the FAA and nearly 4,000 of the FAA’s in-credible employees, who are my con-stituents working at the Technical Center in Egg Harbor Township, which is at the Atlantic City Airport, are forced to make preparations in case they have to shut down. Now, just so everybody understands, when we do an extension, we generally don’t act on it until the last minute. These dedicated employees, these engi-neers in these laboratories that only exist at this Tech Center, are forced to stop their work and prepare for a shut-down. This costs a tremendous amount of dollars each time we do this. Hope-fully, with the passage of this bill, we will be able to avoid that. H.R. 4 also provides the long-term authorization of the FAA, which will allow us to avoid the shutdowns and these threats of shutdowns. This means that important safety projects will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.028 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3595 April 26, 2018 
able to move forward without the inef-ficient starts and stops and they come without any hesitation, as we have seen in the past. Most importantly, FAA employees, including, again, dedicated employees of my Tech Center—now, just keep in mind, this is the premier facility in the Nation for safety, security, research, and development. As I mentioned be-fore, these laboratories don’t exist any-where else. Many of these engineers’ expertise doesn’t exist anywhere else. This will enable them to help keep the United States premier in the world. Mr. L
ARSEN referenced our position in the world. We don’t want that chal-lenged. We want this bill to be able to allow us as an economic driver. When you start looking at the numbers of what aviation means to the economy of the United States, you get an under-standing of how critically important this is. b1300 We have worked closely with a num-ber of constituency groups, and I think we have included their provisions in this bill. I want to point out that some of these battles take a while. And very diligently and very forcefully, the flight attendants have made their case for the 10-hour rest period. As men-tioned by Mr. D
EFAZIO, this is some-thing that we don’t want flight attend-ants being fatigued no more than we want pilots being fatigued. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman S
HU-
STER for including this in the bill. Mr. Chair, as we move forward, I want to particularly thank R
ICKLAR-
SEN, who has been a great partner. For those who may not be aware, R
ICKand I have been together first through the Coast Guard and Maritime Sub-committee and now through the Avia-tion Subcommittee. I think the rela-tionship that we have and what we have been able to do is a model that can and should be worked for the rest of Congress. It is one that I cherish and value. And, Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. L
ARSEN again very much. Mr. Chair, I also want to thank P
ETER DEFAZIO for being a good part-ner and thank B
ILLSHUSTER for help-ing me become Aviation chair 6 years ago, putting his faith in me. I think we have had a great partnership. Mr. S
HU-
STER has been a great leader in the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. I value our relationship. I value our work together. Mr. Chair, I urge everyone to support this bill. I think it is going to move America forward. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, as well as Chairman L
OBIONDO , for their work on this bill. I know Mr. L
OBIONDO is leaving Con-gress this year, and we may get a bet-ter Democrat or a better Republican in that seat, but we will not get a better Representative for this Congress in that seat than F
RANK LOBIONDO . Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding. Mr. Chair, I come to the floor as a co-sponsor of H.R. 4. It is legislation that is long overdue in addressing the im-mediate and long-term needs of the FAA and our aviation industry. It in-cludes a number of priorities that I fought for which are critical to my State of Nevada. First, the legislation extends the au-thorization of the Nevada UAS test range to ensure completion of its crit-ical work in coordination with the FAA and NASA on low-altitude air traffic management systems, com-monly referred to as UTM. It also includes my amendment with Congressman W
EBSTER from Florida to ensure that the Nation’s largest air-ports, including McCarran in Las Vegas, participate in a streamlined ap-proval process for passenger facility charge projects so we can modernize our crumbling airport infrastructure. In addition, it includes, as you have heard, a number of critical provisions that enhance safety, protect con-sumers, and keep our aerospace indus-try number one in the world. As the new ranking member of the Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management Sub-committee, I am also pleased that the language of the Disaster Recovery and Reform Act are included in this bill. Last year’s back-to-back-to-back massive hurricanes, followed by mudslides and devastating wildfires, demonstrate the growing challenges we face as we continue to grapple with global climate change. Lives were lost, individuals and animals were injured, and property damages were just out-standing. Many are still trying to get their lives back to normal. So it would be irresponsible and unacceptable for us to follow the Flat Earth Society’s notion that this doesn’t really exist. It indeed is a threat to our health and safety. The act takes concrete steps towards making our communities safer. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. For every $1 you spend on premitigation, you save $6 in future disaster costs. The DRRA addresses this by pro-viding stable funding for the Emer-gency Management Pre-Disaster Miti-gation Program and also additional funding for wildfire suppression. In addition, it requires that commu-nities build back to the latest model building codes. Since the Federal Gov-ernment is paying for a minimum of 75 percent of major disaster costs, it is necessary for us to protect our invest-ment by requiring stronger, smarter, and more resilient rebuilding. Mr. Chair, I hope that the bill moves forward without any poison pills, be-cause we need this legislation. It is a good bill, and I support it. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic De-velopment, Public Buildings and Emer-gency Management. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 4, the FAA Re-authorization Act of 2018, which in-cludes provisions of my bill, the Dis-aster Recovery Reform Act. Unfortunately, this is the second time my bill has been considered on the House floor, because our colleagues on the other side of the Capitol refuse to take up these critical reforms. I find the failure to move in the Sen-ate puzzling, especially given that many of those individuals represent States struggling to recover from re-cent disasters. In fact, in 2017, 8 per-cent of the United States population was affected by at least one disaster. This statistic highlights the impor-tance of investing in mitigation infra-structure before tragedy strikes, which is exactly what my bill would do. Studies have repeatedly shown that for every $1 invested upfront, we can save $4 to $8 in avoidant recovery costs. My bill would allow us to realize those savings by transforming how we approach disaster spending. It would provide FEMA with the tools to help our communities plan for, mitigate against, respond to, and recover from disasters. Both Republicans and Demo-crats in this Chamber already recog-nize the critical need for these reforms. The Disaster Recovery Reform Act passed out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee by voice vote, and in December passed on the House floor. It is my hope that, this time, our col-leagues in the Senate would stop play-ing politics with peoples’ lives and will act quickly to send this bill to the President’s desk. I know just how important disaster assistance is, because in 2011, my own district was devastated by flooding from Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee. I visited with families and employers affected by this tragedy, and it made be realize we need to do some-thing to help communities build better and smarter before disaster strikes. My bill will do just that. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman S
HU-
STER and my House colleagues for their continued commitment to making re-siliency a priority. Mr. Chair, I also thank the chairman for including language I offered with my friend from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) in a manager’s amendment. Our amendment would create a new grant program for airport infrastructure in-vestment. I believe it is critical we in-vest in our airports, which are some of the largest economic drivers in the country. We have an obligation to ensure that this entire system, including every-thing from large hubs to regional air-ports, is maintained and improved to better serve the American people. While I was disappointed that our original committee-adopted amend-ment to increase funding levels for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.029 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3596 April 26, 2018 
Airport Improvement Program was not included in the final bill, I am hopeful that this grant will give airports a new infrastructure tool in their toolbox. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of H.R. 4. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
ALMER ). The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 15
1⁄2minutes. The gentleman from Washington has 14 minutes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment to H.R. 4, the FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2018, which would address the underrepresentation of women in aviation careers. Women make up 50 percent of the na-tional workforce, but are significantly underrepresented in the aviation indus-try, making up only 2 percent of airline mechanics, 18 percent of flight dis-patchers, and 6 percent of pilots. To address these shortfalls, I intro-duced the Promoting Women in the Aviation Workforce Act with my col-leagues, Congresswomen W
ALORSKI , W
ALTERS , and B USTOS , and our bill was recently reported unanimously out of committee. This bipartisan amendment will in-corporate our bill into this legislation, directing the FAA to create and facili-tate an advisory board to develop strategies that the administration can take to help more women pursue and succeed in aviation careers. We need only look to the extraor-dinary skill of Southwest pilot and Navy fighter pilot veteran Tammie Jo Shults, who just, 1 week ago, hero-ically saved the lives of 143 passengers and her crew on Southwest flight 1380, or Ronnie Bradley from my district. Here is Ronnie at age 19, who signed up in 1942 to become one of the first fe-male marines. She served as an airline mechanic; now still only 2 percent. We celebrated her life at 95 2 weeks ago in my district. We need more Tammie Jos and more Ronnies. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for supporting this legislation. I commend as well the excellent leg-islation updating our FEMA rules for disaster resiliency and relief. Mr. Chair, I urge support of this leg-islation and urge the Senate to adopt it quickly. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Penn-sylvania, the chairman of the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee, Mr. S
HUSTER , for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, I support the FAA Leadership in Groundbreaking High- Tech Research and Development Act, or FLIGHT R&D Act, incorporated in H.R. 4 as Title VII of the FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2018. Title VII’s FLIGHT R&D Act will en-sure America remains a world leader in aviation innovation. By making prioritized and strategic investments today, our Nation will continue to push the boundaries of aerospace tech-nology, maintain a safe and secure aviation transportation system, and foster a healthy and growing aviation economy. Mr. Chair, I thank Science Com-mittee member STEVE KNIGHT for in-troducing this important legislation and Chairman S
HUSTER for including it in his bill. The safety of the flying public is of paramount importance. That is why Title VII’s FLIGHT R&D Act prioritizes research and development to improve aviation safety. Title VII authorizes increased fund-ing for aviation safety research and de-velopment. Improving aviation safety is the fundamental mission of the FAA’s research and development agen-da. Title VII establishes an FAA asso-ciate administrator for research and development to manage and oversee all FAA research and development pro-grams and activities. These will in-clude the R&D provisions in this bill regarding unmanned aircraft systems, cybersecurity, the national aerospace system, aviation fuel, air traffic sur-veillance, remote and computer pilot-ing, and spectrum use. In closing, Mr. Chairman, I strongly support Title VII, the FLIGHT R&D Act, and urge my colleagues to support this fiscally responsible, commonsense initiative to ensure that America re-mains at the forefront of civil aviation, innovation, and safety. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Washington, D.C. (Ms. N
ORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his very special efforts for this reauthorization. Perhaps our entire committee and subcommittee are due some self-con-gratulations for reaching a bipartisan agreement for a long-term reauthoriza-tion for the FAA, but the lion’s share of the appreciation belongs to Chair-man S
HUSTER . I thank the chairman for his leadership, especially as he is retiring from the House, and I am grateful for the considerable efforts of Ranking Member D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, there was only one major disagreement, and that was, of course, on privatization of air traffic control operations. This bill includes many areas that demonstrate the importance of biparti-sanship. It is almost impossible to help Democrats and not Republicans, and vice versa, when it comes to matters affecting aviation. I appreciate my own amendments in the bill addressing airplane noise, many of them embedded in the bill. And I am sure, given the complaints throughout the country, that my noise provisions, too, are bipartisan. Mr. Chair, I ask that the House op-pose the Cuellar amendment. This is a special destinations amendment for San Diego and San Antonio mainly to benefit the House Members from those districts so they can fly into Reagan National Airport nonstop rather than Dulles, which is nearby, and Baltimore- Washington, which is also very close to the District of Columbia. b1315 The Congress has spent billions of dollars to expand Dulles, which is still very underutilized because it is a little further from D.C. than Reagan. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. I yield the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia an additional 30 seconds. Ms. NORTON. The limit on slots to Reagan helps relieve enormous conges-tion there and ensures safety of one of the Nation’s most crowded and critical airfields. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. GRAVES ), chairman of the Highways and Transit Subcommittee of the full Committee of Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and the bleating voice on general aviation in Congress. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I proudly rise today to support the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. There are a lot of important policies in this bill that I worked on, but the main thing I am glad to see included is that we accomplished this bill as a long- term bill, a 5-year authorization. Passing long-term bills is something that the chairman has remained com-mitted to during his leadership on the committee and is a policy I strongly support. Unfortunately, we don’t see enough of that in Congress that much anymore. One of the big highlights of the bill is the long-overdue reforms to the FAA certification process, and the com-mittee has developed bipartisan re-forms that are going to streamline the FAA certification. Mr. Chairman, I had previously worked on the precursor reforms to this process with the passage of the bill, the Small Airplane Revitalization Act, back in 2013, and I look forward to seeing the benefits of these reforms be applied more broadly to the aviation manufacturing community as certifi-cation reform provisions contained in the FAA bill go into effect. Additionally, there are a lot of poli-cies that we worked on, that I worked on, in the underlying bill. And just to run through those quickly: expansion of the State block grant authority from 10 to 20 States; allowing greater testing of replacement fuels for AvGas; restoring the ‘‘all makes and models’’ certificate to experimental category 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.031 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3597 April 26, 2018 
aircraft; extending aircraft registra-tion from 3 to 10 years, which I might point out, it currently takes the FAA at least a month to process paperwork to register or re-register an aircraft. We also asked the FAA to resolve dis-putes between approved airshows and major sporting events that require flight restrictions. We also worked on an important pol-icy to prevent the local and State gov-ernments from targeting certain indus-tries for discriminatory taxes, like the rental car industry. And finally, we correct a poorly writ-ten guidance document which hurts folks who are pursuing aircraft con-struction projects. FAA wanted to re-strict aircraft construction projects from individuals’ hangars unless it was in the final stages by claiming it was not the ‘‘aeronautical use’’ of a hangar, which makes absolutely no sense and, clearly, this decision was not made with the understanding of how these projects work. This needs to be cor-rected. In closing, Mr. Chairman, I have been a pilot, a professional pilot for vir-tually my entire life, and I have been interacting with people in the aviation community for more than two decades now. I understand the issues that face the industry. When we talk about FAA reauthor-ization, I think about ensuring all those who rely on our aviation system can continue flying safely, securely, and freely. America has always been a leader and pioneer when it comes to aviation since the days of the Wright Brothers, and I want to ensure that continues. To do so, we have to con-tinue to look for opportunities to in-corporate technology into our infra-structure network. I look forward to further advancing these goals in other areas of transpor-tation as the committee works on an infrastructure bill later this year. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, first, I want to acknowledge the hard work that my colleagues Congresswoman S
PEIER and Congressman P ANETTA have done, along with myself, to address air-plane noise in our Bay Area congres-sional districts. I am pleased to support Mr. P
A-
NETTA ’s amendment to H.R. 4, which requires the FAA to consider alter-native metrics to the current average day-night sound level standard, includ-ing actual noise sampling. This will en-sure that the FAA has an accurate measure of the noise in communities surrounding airports and allow them to take steps to mitigate it. Since the FAA implemented NextGen in 2015, my Silicon Valley district con-stituents have been consistently sub-jected to a higher volume of noise com-plaints impacting their lives daily. I have never experienced anything like this in 25 years of representation. It is unprecedented. There is a 1,000 percent increase in noise complaints. So this amendment is an important first step, and it is a first step in alle-viating the constant noise, consistent noise over our congressional districts, and I am committed to working with the FAA and the many engaged, really, hundreds and hundreds of engaged con-stituents in my district until this issue is resolved. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. Chairman S
HUSTER and his staff should be recognized for their tireless work to bring all stakeholders together to modernize our aerospace system, streamline the process for bringing new aircraft technology to market, and lay the groundwork for safely integrating unmanned aircraft systems into the 21st century commerce. This bill is important for the contin-ued growth of the U.S. aircraft indus-try and for all passengers of today and the future, and for the continued leg-acy of aviation innovation in southern California. Their safety is underwritten in several portions of the bill, includ-ing several drawn from the FLIGHT R&D Act, a bill I introduced last year to prioritize research and development on several critical civil airspace chal-lenges. As reflected in this bill, the FAA must develop a streamlined, risk-based process for certifying the operation of new UASs. The FAA has a key role in working with private sector partners to tackle sense-and-avoid technology challenge and enable safe testing of beyond-line- of-sight operations. Putting appro-priate resources behind these tech-nology priorities will ensure American innovations have the space to test, de-velop, and safely integrate UAS tech-nology before foreign competitors cap-ture these emerging industries. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHUSTER. I yield the gentleman from California an additional 15 sec-onds. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, this is a fiscally responsible bill, and was draft-ed to ensure taxpayer resources are wisely and efficiently used to meet public objectives for safety and eco-nomic growth and a better way to move around the country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, this bill does a number of important things for our aviation industry, for safety, and for the traveling public, including pro-viding stable funding and a clear regu-latory framework. In my home State of Ohio, all these are critically impor-tant. The partnership between the Federal Government and the airports is strengthened in this legislation. Stable funding for the Airport Improvement Program ensures that airports can con-tinue to evolve, grow, and plan thoughtfully for the long term. Ohio’s airports provide nearly $14 bil-lion of economic activity for the State. They support 75,000 direct and indirect jobs; they are partners with our Re-serve and Guard military wings; and they are the front door to interstate and international commerce for our communities. Ohio’s airports employ long-term planning, using a variety of funding mechanisms to maximize the value of investments in facilities and infra-structure. This bill advances and sup-ports that growth. I am pleased to see long-term certainty for the aviation in-dustry through a 5-year reauthoriza-tion, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill and pass H.R. 4. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ), the chairman of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Haz-ardous Materials Subcommittee. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, the Disaster Recovery Reform Act builds on important emergency management reforms that the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee produced in the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act. Representing a neighboring district to the California wildfires last year, I have seen firsthand how these reforms streamline disaster assistance to sur-vivors. California was able to utilize those reforms like alternative proce-dures for debris removal, updated indi-vidual assistance, declaration factors, changes to the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, and many others. But there is still work to be done, and Congress recognized that by pass-ing legislation that I authored in the SMART Rebuilding Act, to provide Federal cost share incentives to States. These measures encourage mitigation by establishing a National Public In-frastructure Pre-Disaster Mitigation Fund, and allow implementation of de-sign codes as an eligible cost for FEMA’s Public Assistance Program. I want to clarify that the nationally recognizable design codes in this legis-lation are intended to include State and local participation and recognize the unique threats that our diverse country faces. Another area which can be improved in California is the issue of inverse con-demnation. This is a dangerous prece-dent which is threatening the ability of public and private utilities to survive in California. Every dollar invested in mitigation results in $4 in cost savings. I support H.R. 4 and urge its passage. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.033 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3598 April 26, 2018 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I just have one more speaker, and then I am ready to close. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ). Mr. POSEY. Mr. Chairman, for 7 years, I have been working to provide American companies with the capa-bility to conduct commercial space support activities. American compa-nies would like to utilize space support vehicles to train crews and space flight participants for the rigors of space flight and research. Last year, our office worked with the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to draft language to ad-dress this issue. At the time, we agreed on language that the committee in-cluded in the manager’s amendment to an older version of the FAA reauthor-ization. Since that time, a whole lot has changed in the commercial space industry. Recently, I worked with the indus-try, in coordination with the FAA, to create a legislative solution to allow these companies to operate. My bill, H.R. 5346, was favorably supported from the Science, Space, and Technology Committee a month ago, and has the support of industry and the FAA. We owe it to our Nation’s commer-cial space industry to get this language right. I am sure you will agree with me that we cannot support the passage of outdated or problematic language, and I hope you will commit to working with me, going forward, to provide the industry with an effective legislative solution. Mr. SHUSTER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. POSEY. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this is an issue that I know the gentleman from Florida cares deeply about and has been a champion for his constitu-ents in the commercial space industry. I do commit to the gentleman to work with him as we move to advance this bill forward. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close if the gentleman from Oregon is. I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I en-courage all Members to support this positive reauthorization of the FAA. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to the amendment offered by my friend Mr. C
UELLAR and our colleagues from Texas. This amendment amends the Slot and Pe-rimeter rules at Washington National Airport. It provides a special carve out for airports in two cities. It upends the current regime which was carefully crafted by Congress to maintain operational stability between the three DC- area airports—National, Dulles, and BWI. As a longtime representative of the area around Dulles and as someone who fought for an extension of Metro to Dulles, I have to admit I am offended by this effort which would do harm to commercial domestic passenger volume at Dulles—Northern Virginia’s premier international airport. Since Congress amended the Slot rule in 2000, passenger traffic at National has in-creased by 50 percent and traffic at Dulles has declined by 9 percent. I ask my colleagues to oppose this amend-ment and refrain from inflicting harm on the area economies of their colleagues’ districts. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Effective date. TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Funding of FAA Programs Sec. 101. Airport planning and development and noise compatibility plan-ning and programs. Sec. 102. Facilities and equipment. Sec. 103. FAA operations. Sec. 104. Adjustment to AIP program fund-ing. Sec. 105. Funding for aviation programs. Subtitle B—Passenger Facility Charges Sec. 111. Passenger facility charge mod-ernization. Sec. 112. Pilot program for passenger facil-ity charge authorizations. Subtitle C—Airport Improvement Program Modifications Sec. 121. Clarification of airport obligation to provide FAA airport space. Sec. 122. Mothers’ rooms at airports. Sec. 123. Extension of competitive access re-ports. Sec. 124. Grant assurances. Sec. 125. Government share of project costs. Sec. 126. Updated veterans’ preference. Sec. 127. Special rule. Sec. 128. Marshall Islands, Micronesia, and Palau. Sec. 129. Nondiscrimination. Sec. 130. State block grant program expan-sion. Sec. 131. Midway Island Airport. Sec. 132. Property conveyance releases. Sec. 133. Minority and disadvantaged busi-ness participation. Sec. 134. Contract tower program. Sec. 135. Airport access roads in remote lo-cations. Sec. 136. Buy America requirements. Subtitle D—Airport Noise and Environmental Streamlining Sec. 151. Recycling plans for airports. Sec. 152. Pilot program sunset. Sec. 153. Extension of grant authority for compatible land use planning and projects by State and local governments. Sec. 154. Updating airport noise exposure maps. Sec. 155. Stage 3 aircraft study. Sec. 156. Addressing community noise con-cerns. Sec. 157. Study on potential health impacts of overflight noise. Sec. 158. Environmental mitigation pilot program. Sec. 159. Aircraft noise exposure. Sec. 160. Community involvement in FAA NextGen projects located in metroplexes. Sec. 161. Critical habitat on or near airport property. Sec. 162. Clarification of reimbursable al-lowed costs of FAA memoranda of agreement. TITLE II—FAA SAFETY CERTIFICATION REFORM Subtitle A—General Provisions Sec. 201. Definitions. Sec. 202. Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. Subtitle B—Aircraft Certification Reform Sec. 211. Aircraft certification performance objectives and metrics. Sec. 212. Organization designation author-izations. Sec. 213. ODA review. Sec. 214. Type certification resolution proc-ess. Sec. 215. Review of certification process for small general aviation air-planes. Subtitle C—Flight Standards Reform Sec. 231. Flight standards performance ob-jectives and metrics. Sec. 232. FAA task force on flight standards reform. Sec. 233. Centralized safety guidance data-base. Sec. 234. Regulatory Consistency Commu-nications Board. Subtitle D—Safety Workforce Sec. 241. Safety workforce training strategy. Sec. 242. Workforce review. Subtitle E—International Aviation Sec. 251. Promotion of United States aero-space standards, products, and services abroad. Sec. 252. Bilateral exchanges of safety over-sight responsibilities. Sec. 253. FAA leadership abroad. Sec. 254. Registration, certification, and re-lated fees. TITLE III—SAFETY Subtitle A—General Provisions Sec. 301. FAA technical training. Sec. 302. Safety critical staffing. Sec. 303. International efforts regarding tracking of civil aircraft. Sec. 304. Aircraft data access and retrieval systems. Sec. 305. Advanced cockpit displays. Sec. 306. Marking of towers. Sec. 307. Cabin evacuation. Sec. 308. ODA staffing and oversight. Sec. 309. Funding for additional safety needs. Sec. 310. Funding for additional FAA licens-ing needs. Sec. 311. Emergency medical equipment on passenger aircraft. Sec. 312. HIMS program. Sec. 313. Acceptance of voluntarily provided safety information. Sec. 314. Flight attendant duty period limi-tations and rest requirements. 
Sec. 315. Secondary cockpit barriers. Sec. 316. Aviation maintenance industry technical workforce. Sec. 317. Critical airfield markings. Sec. 318. Regulatory Reform. Subtitle B—Unmanned Aircraft Systems Sec. 331. Definitions. Sec. 332. Codification of existing law; addi-tional provisions. Sec. 333. Unmanned aircraft test ranges. Sec. 334. Sense of Congress regarding un-manned aircraft safety. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.034 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3599 April 26, 2018 
Sec. 335. UAS privacy review. Sec. 336. Public UAS operations by Tribal governments. Sec. 337. Evaluation of aircraft registration for small unmanned aircraft. Sec. 338. Study on roles of governments re-lating to low-altitude operation of small unmanned aircraft. Sec. 339. Study on financing of unmanned aircraft services. Sec. 340. Update of FAA comprehensive plan. Sec. 341. Cooperation related to certain counter-UAS technology. TITLE IV—AIR SERVICE IMPROVEMENTS Subtitle A—Airline Customer Service Improvements Sec. 401. Reliable air service in American Samoa. Sec. 402. Cell phone voice communication ban. Sec. 403. Advisory committee for aviation consumer protection. Sec. 404. Improved notification of insecti-cide use. Sec. 405. Advertisements and disclosure of fees for passenger air transpor-tation. Sec. 406. Involuntarily bumping passengers after aircraft boarded. Sec. 407. Availability of consumer rights in-formation. Sec. 408. Consumer complaints hotline. Sec. 409. Widespread disruptions. Sec. 410. Involuntarily denied boarding com-pensation. Sec. 411. Consumer information on actual flight times. Sec. 412. Advisory committee for trans-parency in air ambulance in-dustry. Sec. 413. Air ambulance complaints. Sec. 414. Passenger rights. Subtitle B—Aviation Consumers With Disabilities Sec. 441. Select subcommittee. Sec. 442. Aviation consumers with disabil-ities study. Sec. 443. Feasibility study on in-cabin wheelchair restraint systems. Sec. 444. Access advisory committee rec-ommendations. Subtitle C—Small Community Air Service Sec. 451. Essential air service authorization. Sec. 452. Extension of final order estab-lishing mileage adjustment eli-gibility. Sec. 453. Study on essential air service re-form. Sec. 454. Small community air service. Sec. 455. Air transportation to noneligible places. TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 501. Review of FAA strategic cybersecu-rity plan. Sec. 502. Consolidation and realignment of FAA services and facilities. Sec. 503. FAA review and reform. Sec. 504. Aviation fuel. Sec. 505. Right to privacy when using air traffic control system. Sec. 506. Air shows. Sec. 507. Part 91 review, reform, and stream-lining. Sec. 508. Aircraft registration. Sec. 509. Air transportation of lithium cells and batteries. Sec. 510. Remote tower pilot program for rural and small communities. Sec. 511. Ensuring FAA readiness to provide seamless oceanic operations. Sec. 512. Sense of Congress regarding women in aviation. Sec. 513. Obstruction evaluation aero-nautical studies. Sec. 514. Aircraft leasing. Sec. 515. Report on obsolete test equipment. Sec. 516. Pilots sharing flight expenses with passengers. Sec. 517. Aviation rulemaking committee for part 135 pilot rest and duty rules. Sec. 518. Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority. Sec. 519. Terminal Aerodrome Forecast. Sec. 520. Federal Aviation Administration employees stationed on Guam. Sec. 521. Technical corrections. Sec. 522. Application of veterans’ preference to Federal Aviation Adminis-tration personnel management system. Sec. 523. Public aircraft eligible for logging flight times. Sec. 524. Federal Aviation Administration workforce review. Sec. 525. State taxation. Sec. 526. Aviation and aerospace workforce of the future. Sec. 527. Future aviation and aerospace workforce study. Sec. 528. FAA leadership on civil supersonic aircraft. Sec. 529. Oklahoma registry office. Sec. 530. Foreign air transportation under United States-European Union Air Transport Agreement. Sec. 531. Training on human trafficking for certain staff. Sec. 532. Part 107 implementation improve-ments. Sec. 533. Part 107 transparency and tech-nology improvements. 
Sec. 534. Prohibitions against smoking on passenger flights. Sec. 535. Consumer protection requirements relating to large ticket agents. Sec. 536. FAA data transparency. Sec. 537. Agency procurement reporting re-quirements. Sec. 538. Zero-emission vehicles and tech-nology. Sec. 539. Employee Assault Prevention and Response Plans. Sec. 540. Study on training of customer-fac-ing air carrier employees. Sec. 541. Minimum dimensions for passenger seats. Sec. 542. Study of ground transportation op-tions. TITLE VI—DISASTER RECOVERY REFORM ACT Sec. 601. Applicability. Sec. 602. State defined. Sec. 603. Wildfire prevention. Sec. 604. Additional activities. Sec. 605. Eligibility for code implementation and enforcement. Sec. 606. Program improvements. Sec. 607. Prioritization of facilities. Sec. 608. Guidance on evacuation routes. Sec. 609. Duplication of benefits. Sec. 610. State administration of assistance for direct temporary housing and permanent housing con-struction. Sec. 611. Assistance to individuals and households. Sec. 612. Multifamily lease and repair assist-ance. Sec. 613. Private nonprofit facility. Sec. 614. Management costs. Sec. 615. Flexibility. Sec. 616. Additional disaster assistance. Sec. 617. National veterinary emergency teams. Sec. 618. Dispute resolution pilot program. Sec. 619. Unified Federal environmental and historic preservation review. Sec. 620. Closeout incentives. Sec. 621. Performance of services. Sec. 622. Study to streamline and consoli-date information collection. Sec. 623. Agency accountability. Sec. 624. Audit of contracts. Sec. 625. Inspector general audit of FEMA contracts for tarps and plastic sheeting. Sec. 626. Relief organizations. Sec. 627. Guidance on inundated and sub-merged roads. Sec. 628. Authorities. Sec. 629. Recoupment of certain assistance prohibited. Sec. 630. Statute of limitations. Sec. 631. Technical assistance and rec-ommendations. Sec. 632. Guidance on hazard mitigation as-sistance. Sec. 633. Local impact. Sec. 634. Additional hazard mitigation ac-tivities. Sec. 635. National public infrastructure predisaster hazard mitigation. Sec. 636. Additional mitigation activities. TITLE VII—FLIGHT R&D ACT Subtitle A—General Provisions Sec. 701. Short title. Sec. 702. Definitions. Sec. 703. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—FAA Research and Development Organization Sec. 711. Associate Administrator for Re-search and Development. Sec. 712. Research advisory committee. Subtitle C—Unmanned Aircraft Systems Sec. 721. Unmanned aircraft systems re-search and development road-map. Sec. 722. Probabilistic metrics for exemp-tions. Sec. 723. Probabilistic assessment of risks. Sec. 724. Unmanned aerial vehicle-manned aircraft collision research. Sec. 725. Special rule for research and devel-opment. Sec. 726. Beyond line-of-sight research and development. Subtitle D—Cybersecurity Sec. 731. Cyber Testbed. Sec. 732. Cabin communications, entertain-ment, and information tech-nology systems cybersecurity vulnerabilities. Sec. 733. Cybersecurity threat modeling. Sec. 734. National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity standards. Sec. 735. Cybersecurity research coordina-tion. Sec. 736. Cybersecurity research and devel-opment program. Subtitle E—FAA Research and Development Activities Sec. 741. Research plan for the certification of new technologies into the na-tional airspace system. Sec. 742. Aviation fuel research, develop-ment, and usage. Sec. 743. Air traffic surveillance over oceans and other remote locations. Sec. 744. Single-piloted commercial cargo aircraft. Sec. 745. Electromagnetic spectrum research and development. TITLE VIII—AVIATION REVENUE PROVISIONS Sec. 801. Expenditure authority from Air-port and Airway Trust Fund. Sec. 802. Extension of taxes funding Airport and Airway Trust Fund. 
SEC. 2. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3600 April 26, 2018 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Funding of FAA Programs 
SEC. 101. AIRPORT PLANNING AND DEVELOP-MENT AND NOISE COMPATIBILITY PLANNING AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Section 48103(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 47504(c)’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘section 47504(c)— ‘‘(1) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(2) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(3) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(4) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(5) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(6) $3,350,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (b) O
BLIGATION AUTHORITY .—Section 47104(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘2023,’’. 
SEC. 102. FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  F
ROM AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND.— Section 48101(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) $2,920,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(2) $2,984,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(3) $3,049,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(4) $3,118,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(5) $3,190,000,000 for fiscal year 2022. ‘‘(6) $3,263,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (b) S
ETASIDES .—Section 48101(d) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, carried out using amounts appropriated under subsection (a),’’ after ‘‘air traffic con-trol modernization project’’. 
SEC. 103. FAA OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 106(k)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subparagraphs (A) through (F) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) $10,231,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(B) $10,434,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(C) $10,639,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(D) $10,861,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(E) $11,095,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(F) $11,329,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS .—Sec- tion 106(k)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 through 2023,’’. 
SEC. 104. ADJUSTMENT TO AIP PROGRAM FUND-ING. 
Section 48112 of title 49, United States Code, and the item relating to such section in the analysis for chapter 481 of such title, are repealed. 
SEC. 105. FUNDING FOR AVIATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 48114(a)(1)(A)(ii) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in fis-cal year 2014 and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘in fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’. Subtitle B—Passenger Facility Charges 
SEC. 111. PASSENGER FACILITY CHARGE MOD-ERNIZATION. 
Section 40117(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘or $3’’ and inserting ‘‘$3, $4, or $4.50’’; (2) by repealing paragraph (4); (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘specified in paragraphs (1) and (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘specified in para-graph (1)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘imposed under paragraph (1) or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘imposed under paragraph (1)’’; and (4) in paragraph (7)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘specified in paragraphs (1), (4), and (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘specified in para-graphs (1) and (6)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘imposed under paragraph (1) or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘imposed under paragraph (1)’’. SEC. 112. PILOT PROGRAM FOR PASSENGER FA-CILITY CHARGE AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 40117(l) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘
ATNONHUB AIRPORTS ’’; and (2) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘nonhub’’. Subtitle C—Airport Improvement Program Modifications 
SEC. 121. CLARIFICATION OF AIRPORT OBLIGA-TION TO PROVIDE FAA AIRPORT SPACE. 
Section 44502 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) A
IRPORT SPACE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration may not re-quire an airport owner, operator, or sponsor (as defined in section 47102) to provide build-ing construction, maintenance, utilities, ad-ministrative support, or space on airport property to the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration without adequate compensation. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply in any case in which an airport owner, operator, or sponsor— ‘‘(A) provides land or buildings without compensation to the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration for facilities used to carry out activities related to air traffic control or navigation pursuant to a grant assurance; or ‘‘(B) provides goods or services to the Fed-eral Aviation Administration without com-pensation or at below-market rates pursuant to a negotiated agreement between the owner, operator, or sponsor and the Adminis-trator.’’. 
SEC. 122. MOTHERS’ ROOMS AT AIRPORTS. 
(a) L ACTATION AREA DEFINED .—Section 47102 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(29) ‘lactation area’ means a room or other location in a commercial service air-port that— ‘‘(A) provides a location for members of the public to express breast milk that is shielded from view and free from intrusion from the public; ‘‘(B) has a door that can be locked; ‘‘(C) includes a place to sit, a table or other flat surface, and an electrical outlet; ‘‘(D) is readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities, including indi-viduals who use wheelchairs; and ‘‘(E) is not located in a restroom.’’. (b) P
ROJECT GRANT WRITTEN ASSURANCES  
FORLARGE AND MEDIUM HUBAIRPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 47107(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (20) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (21) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(22) with respect to a medium or large hub airport, the airport owner or operator will maintain a lactation area in each pas-senger terminal building of the airport in the sterile area (as defined in section 1540.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) of the building.’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply to a project grant application submitted for a fiscal year begin-ning on or after the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) S
PECIAL RULE .—The requirement in the amendment made by paragraph (1) that a lactation area be located in the sterile area of a passenger terminal building shall not apply with respect to a project grant applica-tion for a period of time, determined by the Secretary of Transportation, if the Secretary determines that construction or mainte-nance activities make it impracticable or unsafe for the lactation area to be located in the sterile area of the building. (c) TERMINAL DEVELOPMENT COSTS.—Sec- tion 47119(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) L
ACTATION AREAS .—In addition to the projects described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may approve a project for terminal development for the construction or installa-tion of a lactation area at a commercial service airport.’’. (d) P
RE-EXISTING FACILITIES .—On applica-tion by an airport sponsor, the Secretary may determine that a lactation area in ex-istence on the date of enactment of this Act complies with the requirement of section 47107(a)(22) of title 49, United States Code, as added by this section, notwithstanding the absence of one of the facilities or character-istics referred to in the definition of the term ‘‘lactation area’’ in section 47102 of such title, as added by this section. 
SEC. 123. EXTENSION OF COMPETITIVE ACCESS REPORTS. 
Section 47107(r)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 124. GRANT ASSURANCES. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION OF RECREATIONAL AIR-
CRAFT .—Section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(u) C
ONSTRUCTION OF RECREATIONAL AIR-
CRAFT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The construction of a covered aircraft shall be treated as an aero-nautical activity for purposes of— ‘‘(A) determining an airport’s compliance with a grant assurance made under this sec-tion or any other provision of law; and ‘‘(B) the receipt of Federal financial assist-ance for airport development. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered aircraft’ means an aircraft— ‘‘(A) used or intended to be used exclu-sively for recreational purposes; and ‘‘(B) constructed or under construction by a private individual at a general aviation airport.’’. (b) C
OMMUNITY USE OF AIRPORT LAND.— Section 47107 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) C
OMMUNITY USE OF AIRPORT LAND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a)(13), and subject to paragraph (2), the sponsor of a public-use airport shall not be considered to be in violation of this sub-title, or to be found in violation of a grant assurance made under this section, or under any other provision of law, as a condition for the receipt of Federal financial assistance for airport development, solely because the sponsor has entered into an agreement, in-cluding a revised agreement, with a local government providing for the use of airport property for an interim compatible rec-reational purpose at below fair market value. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—This subsection shall apply only— ‘‘(A) to an agreement regarding airport property that was initially entered into be-fore the publication of the Federal Aviation Administration’s Policy and Procedures Con-cerning the Use of Airport Revenue, dated February 16, 1999; ‘‘(B) if the agreement between the sponsor and the local government is subordinate to any existing or future agreements between the sponsor and the Secretary, including agreements related to a grant assurance under this section; ‘‘(C) to airport property that was acquired under a Federal airport development grant program; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3601 April 26, 2018 
‘‘(D) if the airport sponsor has provided a written statement to the Administrator that the property made available for a rec-reational purpose will not be needed for any aeronautical purpose during the next 10 years; ‘‘(E) if the agreement includes a term of not more than 2 years to prepare the airport property for the interim compatible rec-reational purpose and not more than 10 years of use for that purpose; ‘‘(F) if the recreational purpose will not impact the aeronautical use of the airport; ‘‘(G) if the airport sponsor provides a cer-tification that the sponsor is not responsible for preparation, start-up, operations, main-tenance, or any other costs associated with the recreational purpose; and ‘‘(H) if the recreational purpose is con-sistent with Federal land use compatibility criteria under section 47502. ‘‘(3) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as permit-ting a diversion of airport revenue for the capital or operating costs associated with the community use of airport land.’’. 
SEC. 125. GOVERNMENT SHARE OF PROJECT COSTS. 
Section 47109(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘primary airport having at least .25 percent of the total number of passenger boardings each year at all commercial service airports;’’ and inserting ‘‘medium or large hub airport;’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) 95 percent for a project that— ‘‘(A) the Administrator determines is a successive phase of a multi-phase construc-tion project for which the sponsor received a grant in fiscal year 2011; and ‘‘(B) for which the United States Govern-ment’s share of allowable project costs could otherwise be 90 percent under paragraph (2) or (3).’’. 
SEC. 126. UPDATED VETERANS’ PREFERENCE. 
Section 47112(c)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or Operation New Dawn for more’’ and inserting ‘‘Operation New Dawn, Operation Inherent Resolve, Operation Free-dom’s Sentinel, or any successor contin-gency operation to such operations for more’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or Operation New Dawn (whichever is later)’’ and inserting ‘‘Oper-ation New Dawn, Operation Inherent Re-solve, Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, or any successor contingency operation to such op-erations (whichever is later)’’. 
SEC. 127. SPECIAL RULE. 
Section 47114(d)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) During fiscal years 2018 through 2020— ‘‘(i) an airport that accrued apportionment funds under subparagraph (A) in fiscal year 2013 that is listed as having an unclassified status under the most recent national plan of integrated airport systems shall continue to accrue apportionment funds under sub-paragraph (A) at the same amount the air-port accrued apportionment funds in fiscal year 2013, subject to the conditions of this paragraph; ‘‘(ii) notwithstanding the period of avail-ability as described in section 47117(b), an amount apportioned to an airport under clause (i) shall be available to the airport only during the fiscal year in which the amount is apportioned; and ‘‘(iii) notwithstanding the waiver per-mitted under section 47117(c)(2), an airport receiving apportionment funds under clause (i) may not waive its claim to any part of the apportioned funds in order to make the funds available for a grant for another public-use airport. ‘‘(D) An airport that re-establishes its clas-sified status shall be eligible to accrue ap-portionment funds pursuant to subparagraph (A) so long as such airport retains its classi-fied status.’’. SEC. 128. MARSHALL ISLANDS, MICRONESIA, AND PALAU. 
Section 47115 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (i); (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (i); and (3) in subsection (i) (as so redesignated) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 129. NONDISCRIMINATION. 
Section 47123 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Transpor-tation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) I
NDIAN EMPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(1) T
RIBAL SPONSOR PREFERENCE .—Con- sistent with section 703(i) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–2(i)), nothing in this section shall preclude the preferential employment of Indians living on or near a reservation on a project or contract at— ‘‘(A) an airport sponsored by an Indian tribal government; or ‘‘(B) an airport located on an Indian res-ervation. ‘‘(2) S
TATE PREFERENCE .—A State may im-plement a preference for employment of In-dians on a project carried out under this sub-chapter near an Indian reservation. ‘‘(3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall cooperate with Indian tribal governments and the States to implement this subsection. ‘‘(4) I
NDIAN TRIBAL GOVERNMENT DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘Indian tribal gov-ernment’ has the same meaning given that term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122).’’. 
SEC. 130. STATE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM EXPAN-SION. 
Section 47128(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘not more than 9 qualified States for fiscal years 2000 and 2001 and 10 qualified States for each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 20 qualified States for each fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 131. MIDWAY ISLAND AIRPORT. 
Section 186(d) of the Vision 100—Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act (117 Stat. 2518) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 132. PROPERTY CONVEYANCE RELEASES. 
Section 817(a) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47125 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or section 23’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, section 23’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, or section 47125 of title 49, United States Code’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 133. MINORITY AND DISADVANTAGED BUSI-NESS PARTICIPATION. 
Congress finds the following: (1) While significant progress has occurred due to the establishment of the airport dis-advantaged business enterprise program (49 U.S.C. 47107(e) and 47113), discrimination and related barriers continue to pose significant obstacles for minority- and women-owned businesses seeking to do business in airport- related markets across the Nation. These continuing barriers merit the continuation of the airport disadvantaged business enter-prise program. (2) Congress has received and reviewed tes-timony and documentation of race and gen-der discrimination from numerous sources, including congressional hearings and roundtables, scientific reports, reports issued by public and private agencies, news stories, reports of discrimination by organizations and individuals, and discrimination lawsuits. This testimony and documentation shows that race- and gender-neutral efforts alone are insufficient to address the problem. (3) This testimony and documentation demonstrates that discrimination across the Nation poses a barrier to full and fair par-ticipation in airport-related businesses of women business owners and minority busi-ness owners in the racial groups detailed in parts 23 and 26 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and has impacted firm develop-ment and many aspects of airport-related business in the public and private markets. (4) This testimony and documentation pro-vides a strong basis that there is a compel-ling need for the continuation of the airport disadvantaged business enterprise program and the airport concessions disadvantaged business enterprise program to address race and gender discrimination in airport-related business. SEC. 134. CONTRACT TOWER PROGRAM. 
(a) A IRTRAFFIC CONTROL CONTRACT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) S
PECIAL RULE .—Section 47124(b)(1)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘exceeds the benefit for a period of 18 months after such determination is made’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘exceeds the benefit— ‘‘(i) for the 1-year period after such deter-mination is made; or ‘‘(ii) if an appeal of such determination is requested, for the 1-year period described in subsection (d)(4)(D)’’. (2) F
UNDING OF COST -SHARE PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 47124(b)(3)(E) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(E) F
UNDING .—Amounts appropriated pur-suant to section 106(k)(1) may be used to carry out this paragraph.’’. (3) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL  
TOWERS .— (A) G
RANTS .—Section 47124(b)(4)(A) of title 49, United States Code, is amended in each of clauses (i)(III) and (ii)(III) by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding remote air traffic control tower equipment certified by the Federal Aviation Administration’’ after ‘‘1996’’. (B) E
LIGIBILITY .—Section 47124(b)(4)(B)(i)(I) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘pilot’’. (C) L
IMITATION ON FEDERAL SHARE .—Sec- tion 47124(b)(4) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (4) B
ENEFIT -TO-COST CALCULATION FOR PRO -
GRAM APPLICANTS .—Section 47124(b)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) B
ENEFIT -TO-COST CALCULATION .—Not later than 90 days after receiving an applica-tion to the Contract Tower Program, the Secretary shall calculate a benefit-to-cost ratio (as described in subsection (d)) for the applicable air traffic control tower for pur-poses of selecting towers for participation in the Contract Tower Program.’’. (b) C
RITERIA TOEVALUATE PARTICIPANTS .— Section 47124 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) C
RITERIA TOEVALUATE PARTICI -
PANTS .— ‘‘(1) T
IMING OF EVALUATIONS .— ‘‘(A) T
OWERS PARTICIPATING IN COST -SHARE  
PROGRAM .—In the case of an air traffic con-trol tower that is operated under the pro-gram established under subsection (b)(3), the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3602 April 26, 2018 
Secretary shall annually calculate a benefit- to-cost ratio with respect to the tower. ‘‘(B) T
OWERS PARTICIPATING IN CONTRACT  
TOWER PROGRAM .—In the case of an air traffic control tower that is operated under the pro-gram established under subsection (a) and continued under subsection (b)(1), the Sec-retary shall not calculate a benefit-to-cost ratio after the date of enactment of this sub-section with respect to the tower unless the Secretary determines that the annual air-craft traffic at the airport where the tower is located has decreased— ‘‘(i) by more than 25 percent from the pre-vious year; or ‘‘(ii) by more than 55 percent cumulatively in the preceding 3-year period. ‘‘(2) C
OSTS TO BE CONSIDERED .—In estab- lishing a benefit-to-cost ratio under this sec-tion with respect to an air traffic control tower, the Secretary shall consider only the following costs: ‘‘(A) The Federal Aviation Administra-tion’s actual cost of wages and benefits of personnel working at the tower. ‘‘(B) The Federal Aviation Administra-tion’s actual telecommunications costs di-rectly associated with the tower. ‘‘(C) The Federal Aviation Administra-tion’s costs of purchasing and installing any air traffic control equipment that would not have been purchased or installed except as a result of the operation of the tower. ‘‘(D) The Federal Aviation Administra-tion’s actual travel costs associated with maintaining air traffic control equipment that is owned by the Administration and would not be maintained except as a result of the operation of the tower. ‘‘(E) Other actual costs of the Federal Aviation Administration directly associated with the tower that would not be incurred except as a result of the operation of the tower (excluding costs for non-contract tower related personnel and equipment, even if the personnel or equipment are located in the contract tower building). ‘‘(3) O
THER CRITERIA TO BE CONSIDERED .—In establishing a benefit-to-cost ratio under this section with respect to an air traffic control tower, the Secretary shall add a 10 percentage point margin of error to the ben-efit-to-cost ratio determination to acknowl-edge and account for the direct and indirect economic and other benefits that are not in-cluded in the criteria the Secretary used in calculating that ratio. ‘‘(4) R
EVIEW OF COST -BENEFIT DETERMINA -
TIONS .—In issuing a benefit-to-cost ratio de-termination under this section with respect to an air traffic control tower located at an airport, the Secretary shall implement the following procedures: ‘‘(A) The Secretary shall provide the air-port (or the State or local government hav-ing jurisdiction over the airport) at least 90 days following the date of receipt of the de-termination to submit to the Secretary a re-quest for an appeal of the determination, to-gether with updated or additional data in support of the appeal. ‘‘(B) Upon receipt of a request for an ap-peal submitted pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) transmit to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration any up-dated or additional data submitted in sup-port of the appeal; and ‘‘(ii) provide the Administrator not more than 90 days to review the data and provide a response to the Secretary based on the re-view. ‘‘(C) After receiving a response from the Administrator pursuant to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) provide the airport, State, or local government that requested the appeal at least 30 days to review the response; and ‘‘(ii) withhold from taking further action in connection with the appeal during that 30- day period. ‘‘(D) If, after completion of the appeal pro-cedures with respect to the determination, the Secretary requires the tower to transi-tion into the program established under sub-section (b)(3), the Secretary shall not require a cost-share payment from the airport, State, or local government for 1 year fol-lowing the last day of the 30-day period de-scribed in subparagraph (C).’’. SEC. 135. AIRPORT ACCESS ROADS IN REMOTE LOCATIONS. 
Notwithstanding section 47102 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal years 2018 through 2021, the definition of the term ‘‘ter-minal development’’ under that section in-cludes the development of an airport access road that— (1) is located in a noncontiguous State; (2) is not more than 3 miles in length; (3) connects to the nearest public roadways of not more than the 2 closest census des-ignated places; and (4) is constructed for the purpose of con-necting the census designated places with a planned or newly constructed airport. 
SEC. 136. BUY AMERICA REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) N OTICE OF WAIVERS .—If the Secretary of Transportation determines that it is nec-essary to waive the application of section 50101(a) of title 49, United States Code, based on a finding under section 50101(b) of that title, the Secretary, at least 10 days before the date on which the waiver takes effect, shall— (1) make publicly available, in an easily identifiable location on the website of the Department of Transportation, a detailed written justification of the waiver deter-mination; and (2) provide an informal public notice and comment opportunity on the waiver deter-mination. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—For each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on waivers issued under section 50101 of title 49, United States Code, during the fiscal year. Subtitle D—Airport Noise and Environmental Streamlining 
SEC. 151. RECYCLING PLANS FOR AIRPORTS. 
Section 47106(a)(6) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘that includes the project’’ before ‘‘, the master plan’’. 
SEC. 152. PILOT PROGRAM SUNSET. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 47140 of title 49, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 47140a of title 49, United States Code, is re-designated as section 47140. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The analysis for chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 47140 and 47140a; and (2) by inserting after the item relating to section 47139 the following: ‘‘47140. Increasing the energy efficiency of airport power sources.’’. 
SEC. 153. EXTENSION OF GRANT AUTHORITY FOR COMPATIBLE LAND USE PLANNING AND PROJECTS BY STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS. 
Section 47141(f) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 154. UPDATING AIRPORT NOISE EXPOSURE MAPS. 
Section 47503(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
EVISED MAPS.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—An airport operator that submitted a noise exposure map under sub-section (a) shall submit a revised map to the Secretary if, in an area surrounding an air-port, a change in the operation of the airport would establish a substantial new non-compatible use, or would significantly re-duce noise over existing noncompatible uses, that is not reflected in either the existing conditions map or forecast map currently on file with the Federal Aviation Administra-tion. ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—A submission under para-graph (1) shall be required only if the rel-evant change in the operation of the airport occurs during— ‘‘(A) the forecast period of the applicable noise exposure map submitted by an airport operator under subsection (a); or ‘‘(B) the implementation period of the air-port operator’s noise compatibility pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 155. STAGE 3 AIRCRAFT STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall initiate a review of the potential benefits, costs, and other impacts that would result from a phaseout of covered stage 3 aircraft. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The review shall include— (1) a determination of the number, types, frequency of operations, and owners and op-erators of covered stage 3 aircraft; (2) an analysis of the potential benefits, costs, and other impacts to air carriers, gen-eral aviation operators, airports, commu-nities surrounding airports, and the general public associated with phasing out or reduc-ing the operations of covered stage 3 air-craft, assuming such a phaseout or reduction is put into effect over a reasonable period of time; (3) a determination of lessons learned from the phaseout of stage 2 aircraft that might be applicable to a phaseout or reduction in the operations of covered stage 3 aircraft, in-cluding comparisons between the benefits, costs, and other impacts associated with the phaseout of stage 2 aircraft and the potential benefits, costs, and other impacts deter-mined under paragraph (2); (4) a determination of the costs and logistical challenges associated with recerti-fying stage 3 aircraft capable of meeting stage 4 noise levels; and (5) a determination of stakeholder views on the feasibility and desirability of phasing out covered stage 3 aircraft, including the views of— (A) air carriers; (B) airports; (C) communities surrounding airports; (D) aircraft and avionics manufacturers; (E) operators of covered stage 3 aircraft other than air carriers; and (F) such other stakeholders and aviation experts as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review. (d) C
OVERED STAGE 3 AIRCRAFT DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘covered stage 3 aircraft’’ means a civil subsonic jet aircraft that is not capable of meeting the stage 4 noise levels in part 36 of title 14, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. 
SEC. 156. ADDRESSING COMMUNITY NOISE CON-CERNS. 
When proposing a new area navigation de-parture procedure, or amending an existing procedure that would direct aircraft between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3603 April 26, 2018 
the surface and 6,000 feet above ground level over noise sensitive areas, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall consider the feasibility of dispersal headings or other lateral track variations to address community noise concerns, if— (1) the affected airport operator, in con-sultation with the affected community, sub-mits a request to the Administrator for such a consideration; (2) the airport operator’s request would not, in the judgment of the Administrator, conflict with the safe and efficient operation of the national airspace system; and (3) the effect of a modified departure proce-dure would not significantly increase noise over noise sensitive areas, as determined by the Administrator. 
SEC. 157. STUDY ON POTENTIAL HEALTH IM-PACTS OF OVERFLIGHT NOISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall enter into an agreement with an eligible institution of higher edu-cation to conduct a study on the health im-pacts of noise from aircraft flights on resi-dents exposed to a range of noise levels from such flights. (b) S
COPE OF STUDY .—The study shall— (1) include an examination of the incre-mental health impacts attributable to noise exposure that result from aircraft flights, in-cluding sleep disturbance and elevated blood pressure; (2) be focused on residents in the metro-politan area of— (A) Boston; (B) Chicago; (C) the District of Columbia; (D) New York; (E) the Northern California Metroplex; (F) Phoenix; (G) the Southern California Metroplex; or (H) such other area as may be identified by the Administrator; (3) consider, in particular, the incremental health impacts on residents living partly or wholly underneath flight paths most fre-quently used by aircraft flying at an altitude lower than 10,000 feet, including during take-off or landing; and (4) include an assessment of the relation-ship between a perceived increase in aircraft noise, including as a result of a change in flight paths that increases the visibility of aircraft from a certain location, and an ac-tual increase in aircraft noise, particularly in areas with high or variable levels of non-aircraft-related ambient noise. (c) E
LIGIBILITY .—An institution of higher education is eligible to conduct the study if the institution— (1) has— (A) a school of public health that has par-ticipated in the Center of Excellence for Air-craft Noise and Aviation Emissions Mitiga-tion of the Federal Aviation Administration; or (B) a center for environmental health that receives funding from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences; (2) is located in one of the areas identified in subsection (b); (3) applies to the Administrator in a timely fashion; (4) demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Administrator that the institution is quali-fied to conduct the study; (5) agrees to submit to the Administrator, not later than 3 years after entering into an agreement under subsection (a), the results of the study, including any source materials used; and (6) meets such other requirements as the Administrator determines necessary. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the Administrator receives the results of the study, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing the results. SEC. 158. ENVIRONMENTAL MITIGATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall carry out a pilot program in-volving not more than 6 projects at public- use airports in accordance with this section. (b) G
RANTS .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary may make grants to sponsors of public-use airports from funds apportioned under section 47117(e)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code. (c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts from a grant received by the sponsor of a public-use air-port under the program shall be used for en-vironmental mitigation projects that will measurably reduce or mitigate aviation im-pacts on noise, air quality, or water quality at the airport or within 5 miles of the air-port. (d) E
LIGIBILITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, an environmental miti-gation project approved under this section shall be treated as eligible for assistance under that chapter. (e) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting from among applicants for participation in the program, the Secretary may give priority consideration to projects that— (1) will achieve the greatest reductions in aircraft noise, airport emissions, or airport water quality impacts either on an absolute basis or on a per dollar of funds expended basis; and (2) will be implemented by an eligible con-sortium. (f) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out under the program shall be 50 percent. (g) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—Not more than $2,500,000 may be made available by the Sec-retary in grants under the program for any single project. (h) I
DENTIFYING BESTPRACTICES .—The Sec- retary may establish and publish informa-tion identifying best practices for reducing or mitigating aviation impacts on noise, air quality, and water quality at airports or in the vicinity of airports based on the projects carried out under the program. (i) S
UNSET .—The program shall terminate 5 years after the Secretary makes the first grant under the program. (j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) E
LIGIBLE CONSORTIUM .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble consortium’’ means a consortium that is comprised of 2 or more of the following enti-ties: (A) Businesses incorporated in the United States. (B) Public or private educational or re-search organizations located in the United States. (C) Entities of State or local governments in the United States. (D) Federal laboratories. (2) E
NVIRONMENTAL MITIGATION PROJECT .— The term ‘‘environmental mitigation project’’ means a project that— (A) introduces new environmental mitiga-tion techniques or technologies that have been proven in laboratory demonstrations; (B) proposes methods for efficient adapta-tion or integration of new concepts into air-port operations; and (C) will demonstrate whether new tech-niques or technologies for environmental mitigation are— (i) practical to implement at or near mul-tiple public-use airports; and (ii) capable of reducing noise, airport emis-sions, or water quality impacts in measur-ably significant amounts. SEC. 159. AIRCRAFT NOISE EXPOSURE. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall con-duct a review of the relationship between aircraft noise exposure and its effects on communities around airports. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a re-port containing the results of the review. (2) P
RELIMINARY RECOMMENDATIONS .—The report shall contain such preliminary rec-ommendations as the Administrator deter-mines appropriate for revising the land use compatibility guidelines in part 150 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, based on the results of the review and in coordination with other agencies. 
SEC. 160. COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT IN FAA NEXTGEN PROJECTS LOCATED IN METROPLEXES. 
(a) C OMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT POLICY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall com-plete a review of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration’s community involvement prac-tices for Next Generation Air Transportation System (NextGen) projects located in metroplexes identified by the Administra-tion. The review shall include, at a min-imum, a determination of how and when to engage airports and communities in perform-ance-based navigation proposals. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after completion of the review, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on— (1) how the Administration will improve community involvement practices for NextGen projects located in metroplexes; (2) how and when the Administration will engage airports and communities in perform-ance-based navigation proposals; and (3) lessons learned from NextGen projects and pilot programs and how those lessons learned are being integrated into community involvement practices for future NextGen projects located in metroplexes. 
SEC. 161. CRITICAL HABITAT ON OR NEAR AIR-PORT PROPERTY. 
(a) F EDERAL AGENCY REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of Transportation, to the max-imum extent practicable, shall work with the heads of appropriate Federal agencies to ensure that designations of critical habitat, as that term is defined in section 3 of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1532), on or near airport property do not— (1) result in conflicting statutory, regu-latory, or Federal grant assurance require-ments for airports or aircraft operators; (2) interfere with the safe operation of air-craft; or (3) occur on airport-owned lands that have become attractive habitat for a threatened or endangered species because such lands— (A) have been prepared for future develop-ment; (B) have been designated as noise buffer land; or (C) are held by the airport to prevent en-croachment of uses that are incompatible with airport operations. (b) S
TATE REQUIREMENTS .—In a State where a State agency is authorized to des-ignate land on or near airport property for the conservation of a threatened or endan-gered species in the State, the Secretary, to the maximum extent practicable, shall work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3604 April 26, 2018 
with the State in the same manner as the Secretary works with the heads of Federal agencies under subsection (a). 
SEC. 162. CLARIFICATION OF REIMBURSABLE AL-LOWED COSTS OF FAA MEMORANDA OF AGREEMENT. 
Section 47504(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E) by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to an airport operator of a congested airport (as defined in section 47175) and a unit of local government referred to in para-graph (1)(B) to carry out a project to miti-gate noise, if the project— ‘‘(i) consists of— ‘‘(I) replacement windows, doors, and the installation of through-the-wall air-condi-tioning units; or ‘‘(II) a contribution of the equivalent costs to be used for reconstruction, if reconstruc-tion is the preferred local solution; ‘‘(ii) is located at a school near the airport; and ‘‘(iii) is included in a memorandum of agreement entered into before September 30, 2002, even if the airport has not met the re-quirements of part 150 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, and only if the finan-cial limitations of the memorandum are ap-plied.’’. TITLE II—FAA SAFETY CERTIFICATION REFORM Subtitle A—General Provisions 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title, the following definitions apply: (1) FAA.—The term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. (2) S
AFETY OVERSIGHT AND CERTIFICATION  
ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Com-mittee’’ means the Safety Oversight and Cer-tification Advisory Committee established under section 202. (3) S
YSTEMS SAFETY APPROACH .—The term ‘‘systems safety approach’’ means the appli-cation of specialized technical and manage-rial skills to the systematic, forward-looking identification and control of hazards throughout the lifecycle of a project, pro-gram, or activity. 
SEC. 202. SAFETY OVERSIGHT AND CERTIFI-CATION ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’). (b) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall provide advice to the Secretary on policy- level issues facing the aviation community that are related to FAA certification and safety oversight programs and activities, in-cluding, at a minimum, the following: (1) Aircraft and flight standards certifi-cation processes, including efforts to stream-line those processes. (2) Implementation and oversight of safety management systems. (3) Risk-based oversight efforts. (4) Utilization of delegation and designa-tion authorities. (5) Regulatory interpretation standardiza-tion efforts. (6) Training programs. (7) Expediting the rulemaking process and giving priority to rules related to safety. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Advisory Committee shall carry out the following functions (as the functions relate to FAA certification and safety oversight programs and activities): (1) Foster industry collaboration in an open and transparent manner. (2) Consult with, and ensure participation by— (A) the private sector, including represent-atives of— (i) general aviation; (ii) commercial aviation; (iii) aviation labor; (iv) aviation maintenance; (v) aviation, aerospace, and avionics manu-facturing; (vi) unmanned aircraft systems operators and manufacturers; and (vii) the commercial space transportation industry; (B) members of the public; and (C) other interested parties. (3) Establish consensus national goals, strategic objectives, and priorities for the most efficient, streamlined, and cost-effec-tive certification and oversight processes in order to maintain the safety of the aviation system and, at the same time, allow the FAA to meet future needs and ensure that avia-tion stakeholders remain competitive in the global marketplace. (4) Provide policy guidance for the FAA’s certification and safety oversight efforts. (5) Provide ongoing policy reviews of the FAA’s certification and safety oversight ef-forts. (6) Make appropriate legislative, regu-latory, and guidance recommendations for the air transportation system and the avia-tion safety regulatory environment. (7) Establish performance objectives for the FAA and industry. (8) Establish performance metrics and goals for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry to be tracked and reviewed as streamlining and certification reform and regulation standardization efforts progress. (9) Provide a venue for tracking progress toward national goals and sustaining joint commitments. (10) Develop recruiting, hiring, training, and continuing education objectives for FAA aviation safety engineers and aviation safety inspectors. (11) Provide advice and recommendations to the FAA on how to prioritize safety rule-making projects. (12) Improve the development of FAA regu-lations by providing information, advice, and recommendations related to aviation issues. (13) Facilitate the validation of United States products abroad. (d) MEMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall be composed of the following members: (A) The Administrator of the FAA (or the Administrator’s designee). (B) Individuals appointed by the Secretary to represent the following interests: (i) Aircraft and engine manufacturers. (ii) Avionics and equipment manufactur-ers. (iii) Labor organizations, including collec-tive bargaining representatives of FAA avia-tion safety inspectors and aviation safety en-gineers. (iv) General aviation operators. (v) Air carriers. (vi) Business aviation operators. (vii) Unmanned aircraft systems manufac-turers and operators. (viii) Aviation safety management exper-tise. (ix) Aviation maintenance. (2) N
ONVOTING MEMBERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the mem-bers appointed under paragraph (1), the Advi-sory Committee shall be composed of non-voting members appointed by the Secretary from among individuals representing FAA safety oversight program offices. (B) D
UTIES .—The nonvoting members shall— (i) take part in deliberations of the Advi-sory Committee; and (ii) provide input with respect to any final reports or recommendations of the Advisory Committee. (C) LIMITATION .—The nonvoting members may not represent any stakeholder interest other than FAA safety oversight program of-fices. (3) T
ERMS .—Each member and nonvoting member of the Advisory Committee ap-pointed by the Secretary shall be appointed for a term of 2 years. (4) C
OMMITTEE CHARACTERISTICS .—The Ad- visory Committee shall have the following characteristics: (A) An executive-level membership, with members who can represent and enter into commitments for their organizations. (B) The ability to obtain necessary infor-mation from experts in the aviation and aerospace communities. (C) A membership size that enables the Committee to have substantive discussions and reach consensus on issues in a timely manner. (D) Appropriate expertise, including exper-tise in certification and risked-based safety oversight processes, operations, policy, tech-nology, labor relations, training, and fi-nance. (5) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Public Law 104–65 (2 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) may not be construed to prohibit or otherwise limit the appointment of any indi-vidual as a member of the Advisory Com-mittee. (e) C
HAIRPERSON .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairperson of the Advisory Committee shall be appointed by the Secretary from among those members of the Advisory Committee that are executive- level members of the aviation industry. (2) T
ERM.—Each member appointed under paragraph (1) shall serve a term of 1 year as Chairperson. (f) M
EETINGS .— (1) F
REQUENCY .—The Advisory Committee shall meet at least twice each year at the call of the Chairperson. (2) P
UBLIC ATTENDANCE .—The meetings of the Advisory Committee shall be open to the public. (g) S
PECIAL COMMITTEES .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Advisory Com-mittee may establish special committees composed of private sector representatives, members of the public, labor representatives, and other interested parties in complying with consultation and participation require-ments under this section. (2) R
ULEMAKING ADVICE .—A special com-mittee established by the Advisory Com-mittee may— (A) provide rulemaking advice and rec-ommendations to the Administrator with re-spect to aviation-related issues; (B) afford the FAA additional opportuni-ties to obtain firsthand information and in-sight from those parties that are most af-fected by existing and proposed regulations; and (C) expedite the development, revision, or elimination of rules without circumventing public rulemaking processes and procedures. (3) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—Public Law 92–463 shall not apply to a special committee estab-lished by the Advisory Committee. (h) S
UNSET .—The Advisory Committee shall terminate on the last day of the 6-year period beginning on the date of the initial appointment of the members of the Advisory Committee. (i) T
ERMINATION OF AIRTRAFFIC PROCE -
DURES ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Air Traf-fic Procedures Advisory Committee estab-lished by the FAA shall terminate on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3605 April 26, 2018 
date of the initial appointment of the mem-bers of the Advisory Committee. Subtitle B—Aircraft Certification Reform 
SEC. 211. AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION PERFORM-ANCE OBJECTIVES AND METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee is es-tablished under section 202, the Adminis-trator of the FAA shall establish perform-ance objectives and apply and track metrics for the FAA and the aviation industry relat-ing to aircraft certification in accordance with this section. (b) C
OLLABORATION .—The Administrator shall carry out this section in collaboration with the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. (c) P
ERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall establish performance objectives for the FAA and the aviation industry to ensure that, with respect to aircraft certification, progress is made toward, at a minimum— (1) eliminating certification delays and im-proving cycle times; (2) increasing accountability for both FAA and industry entities; (3) achieving full utilization of FAA dele-gation and designation authorities; (4) fully implementing risk management principles and a systems safety approach; (5) reducing duplication of effort; (6) increasing transparency; (7) establishing and providing training, in-cluding recurrent training, in auditing and a systems safety approach to certification oversight; (8) improving the process for approving or accepting certification actions between the FAA and bilateral partners; (9) maintaining and improving safety; (10) streamlining the hiring process for— (A) qualified systems safety engineers to support FAA efforts to implement a systems safety approach; and (B) qualified systems engineers to guide the engineering of complex systems within the FAA; and (11) maintaining the leadership of the United States in international aviation and aerospace. (d) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall apply and track performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry es-tablished by the Safety Oversight and Cer-tification Advisory Committee. (e) D
ATAGENERATION .— (1) B
ASELINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee estab-lishes initial performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry under section 202, the Administrator shall generate initial data with respect to each of the metrics applied and tracked under this section. (2) M
EASURING PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS .— The Administrator shall use the metrics ap-plied and tracked under this section to gen-erate data on an ongoing basis and to meas-ure progress toward the achievement of na-tional goals established by the Safety Over-sight and Certification Advisory Committee. (f) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator shall make data generated using the metrics ap-plied and tracked under this section avail-able to the public in a searchable, sortable, and downloadable format through the inter-net website of the FAA and other appro-priate methods and shall ensure that the data is made available in a manner that— (1) does not provide identifying informa-tion regarding an individual or entity; and (2) protects proprietary information. SEC. 212. ORGANIZATION DESIGNATION AUTHOR-IZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 44736. Organization designation authoriza-tions ‘‘(a) D
ELEGATIONS OF FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), when overseeing an ODA hold-er, the Administrator of the FAA shall— ‘‘(A) require, based on an application sub-mitted by the ODA holder and approved by the Administrator (or the Administrator’s designee), a procedures manual that address-es all procedures and limitations regarding the functions to be performed by the ODA holder; ‘‘(B) delegate fully to the ODA holder each of the functions to be performed as specified in the procedures manual, unless the Admin-istrator determines, after the date of the del-egation and as a result of an inspection or other investigation, that the public interest and safety of air commerce requires a limita-tion with respect to 1 or more of the func-tions; and ‘‘(C) conduct regular oversight activities by inspecting the ODA holder’s delegated functions and taking action based on vali-dated inspection findings. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES OF ODA HOLDERS .—An ODA holder shall— ‘‘(A) perform each function delegated to the ODA holder in accordance with the ap-proved procedures manual for the delegation; ‘‘(B) make the procedures manual avail-able to each member of the appropriate ODA unit; and ‘‘(C) cooperate fully with oversight activi-ties conducted by the Administrator in con-nection with the delegation. ‘‘(3) E
XISTING ODA HOLDERS .—With regard to an ODA holder operating under a proce-dures manual approved by the Administrator before the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) at the request of the ODA holder and in an expeditious manner, approve revisions to the ODA holder’s procedures manual; ‘‘(B) delegate fully to the ODA holder each of the functions to be performed as specified in the procedures manual, unless the Admin-istrator determines, after the date of the del-egation and as a result of an inspection or other investigation, that the public interest and safety of air commerce requires a limita-tion with respect to one or more of the func-tions; and ‘‘(C) conduct regular oversight activities by inspecting the ODA holder delegated func-tions and taking action based on validated inspection findings. ‘‘(b) ODA O
FFICE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Administrator of the FAA shall identify, within the FAA Office of Aviation Safety, a centralized policy office to be known as the Organization Designation Au-thorization Office or the ODA Office. ‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the ODA Of-fice shall be to oversee and ensure the con-sistency of the FAA’s audit functions under the ODA program across the FAA. ‘‘(3) F
UNCTIONS .—The ODA Office shall— ‘‘(A) improve performance and ensure full utilization of the authorities delegated under the ODA program; ‘‘(B) create a more consistent approach to audit priorities, procedures, and training under the ODA program; ‘‘(C) review, in a timely fashion, a random sample of limitations on delegated authori-ties under the ODA program to determine if the limitations are appropriate; ‘‘(D) ensure national consistency in the in-terpretation and application of the require-ments of the ODA program, including any limitations, and in the performance of the ODA program; and ‘‘(E) at the request of an ODA holder, re-view and approve new limitations to ODA functions. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) FAA.—The term ‘FAA’ means the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. ‘‘(2) ODA 
HOLDER .—The term ‘ODA holder’ means an entity authorized to perform func-tions pursuant to a delegation made by the Administrator of the FAA under section 44702(d). ‘‘(3) ODA 
UNIT.—The term ‘‘ODA unit’’ means a group of 2 or more individuals who perform, under the supervision of an ODA holder, authorized functions under an ODA. ‘‘(4) O
RGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘organiza-tion’’ means a firm, partnership, corpora-tion, company, association, joint-stock asso-ciation, or governmental entity. ‘‘(5) O
RGANIZATION DESIGNATION AUTHORIZA -
TION; ODA.—The term ‘Organization Designa-tion Authorization’ or ‘ODA’ means an au-thorization by the FAA under section 44702(d) for an organization comprised of 1 or more ODA units to perform approved func-tions on behalf of the FAA.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘44736. Organization designation authoriza-tions.’’. 
SEC. 213. ODA REVIEW. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF EXPERT REVIEW  P
ANEL .— (1) E
XPERT PANEL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall convene a multidisciplinary expert review panel (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Panel’’). (2) C
OMPOSITION OF PANEL .— (A) A
PPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS .—The Panel shall be composed of not more than 20 mem-bers appointed by the Administrator. (B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The members ap-pointed to the Panel shall— (i) each have a minimum of 5 years of expe-rience in processes and procedures under the ODA program; and (ii) represent, at a minimum, ODA holders, aviation manufacturers, safety experts, and FAA labor organizations, including labor representatives of FAA aviation safety in-spectors and aviation safety engineers. (b) S
URVEY .—The Panel shall conduct a survey of ODA holders and ODA program ap-plicants to document and assess FAA certifi-cation and oversight activities, including use of the ODA program and the timeliness and efficiency of the certification process. (c) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— The Panel shall assess and make rec-ommendations concerning— (1) the FAA’s processes and procedures under the ODA program and whether the processes and procedures function as in-tended; (2) the best practices of and lessons learned by ODA holders and individuals who provide oversight of ODA holders; (3) performance incentive policies related to the ODA program for FAA personnel; (4) training activities related to the ODA program for FAA personnel and ODA hold-ers; (5) the impact, if any, that oversight of the ODA program has on FAA resources and the FAA’s ability to process applications for cer-tifications outside of the ODA program; and (6) the results of the survey conducted under subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3606 April 26, 2018 
(d) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date the Panel is convened under sub-section (a), the Panel shall submit to the Ad-ministrator, the Safety Oversight and Cer-tification Advisory Committee, the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the findings and recommendations of the Panel. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—The definitions contained in section 44736 of title 49, United States Code, as added by this Act, apply to this sec-tion. (f) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—Public Law 92–463 shall not apply to the Panel. (g) S
UNSET .—The Panel shall terminate on the date of submission of the report under subsection (d), or on the date that is 1 year after the Panel is convened under subsection (a), whichever occurs first. 
SEC. 214. TYPE CERTIFICATION RESOLUTION PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 44704(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) T
YPE CERTIFICATION RESOLUTION PROC -
ESS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 months after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall establish an effective, timely, and milestone-based issue resolution process for type certifi-cation activities under this subsection. ‘‘(B) P
ROCESS REQUIREMENTS .—The resolu-tion process shall provide for— ‘‘(i) resolution of technical issues at pre-es-tablished stages of the certification process, as agreed to by the Administrator and the type certificate applicant; ‘‘(ii) automatic elevation to appropriate management personnel of the Federal Avia-tion Administration and the type certificate applicant of any major certification process milestone that is not completed or resolved within a specific period of time agreed to by the Administrator and the type certificate applicant; and ‘‘(iii) resolution of a major certification process milestone elevated pursuant to clause (ii) within a specific period of time agreed to by the Administrator and the type certificate applicant. ‘‘(C) M
AJOR CERTIFICATION PROCESS MILE -
STONE DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘major certification process milestone’ means a milestone related to a type certifi-cation basis, type certification plan, type in-spection authorization, issue paper, or other major type certification activity agreed to by the Administrator and the type certifi-cate applicant.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘ airworthi- ness certificates,,’’ and inserting ‘‘airworthi- ness certificates,’’. 
SEC. 215. REVIEW OF CERTIFICATION PROCESS FOR SMALL GENERAL AVIATION AIR-PLANES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall initiate a review of the Federal Aviation Administration’s imple-mentation of the final rule titled ‘‘Revision of Airworthiness Standards for Normal, Util-ity, Acrobatic, and Commuter Category Air-planes’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 96572). (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the review, the Inspector General shall assess— (1) how the rule puts into practice the Ad-ministration’s efforts to implement perform-ance and risk-based safety standards; (2) whether the Administration’s imple-mentation of the rule has improved safety and reduced the regulatory cost burden for the Administration and the aviation indus-try; and (3) if there are lessons learned from, and best practices developed as a result of, the rule that could be applied to airworthiness standards for other categories of aircraft. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of initiation of the review, the In-spector General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review, including findings and recommendations. Subtitle C—Flight Standards Reform 
SEC. 231. FLIGHT STANDARDS PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES AND METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee is es-tablished under section 202, the Adminis-trator of the FAA shall establish perform-ance objectives and apply and track metrics for the FAA and the aviation industry relat-ing to flight standards activities in accord-ance with this section. (b) C
OLLABORATION .—The Administrator shall carry out this section in collaboration with the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee. (c) P
ERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall establish performance objectives for the FAA and the aviation industry to ensure that, with respect to flight standards activi-ties, progress is made toward, at a min-imum— (1) eliminating delays with respect to such activities; (2) increasing accountability for both FAA and industry entities; (3) achieving full utilization of FAA dele-gation and designation authorities; (4) fully implementing risk management principles and a systems safety approach; (5) reducing duplication of effort; (6) eliminating inconsistent regulatory in-terpretations and inconsistent enforcement activities; (7) improving and providing greater oppor-tunities for training, including recurrent training, in auditing and a systems safety approach to oversight; (8) developing and allowing utilization of a single master source for guidance; (9) providing and utilizing a streamlined appeal process for the resolution of regu-latory interpretation questions; (10) maintaining and improving safety; and (11) increasing transparency. (d) M
ETRICS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall apply and track performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry established by the Safety Oversight and Certification Advi-sory Committee. (e) D
ATAGENERATION .— (1) B
ASELINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Certification Advisory Committee estab-lishes initial performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry under section 202, the Administrator shall generate initial data with respect to each of the metrics applied and tracked under this section. (2) M
EASURING PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS .— The Administrator shall use the metrics ap-plied and tracked under this section to gen-erate data on an ongoing basis and to meas-ure progress toward the achievement of na-tional goals established by the Safety Over-sight and Certification Advisory Committee. (f) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator shall make data generated using the metrics ap-plied and tracked under this section avail-able to the public in a searchable, sortable, and downloadable format through the inter-net website of the FAA and other appro-priate methods and shall ensure that the data is made available in a manner that— (1) does not provide identifying informa-tion regarding an individual or entity; and (2) protects proprietary information. SEC. 232. FAA TASK FORCE ON FLIGHT STAND-ARDS REFORM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish the FAA Task Force on Flight Standards Reform (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Task Force’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The membership of the Task Force shall be appointed by the Admin-istrator. (2) N
UMBER .—The Task Force shall be com-posed of not more than 20 members. (3) R
EPRESENTATION REQUIREMENTS .—The membership of the Task Force shall include representatives, with knowledge of flight standards regulatory processes and require-ments, of— (A) air carriers; (B) general aviation; (C) business aviation; (D) repair stations; (E) unmanned aircraft systems operators; (F) flight schools; (G) labor unions, including those rep-resenting FAA aviation safety inspectors; and (H) aviation safety experts. (c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Task Force shall include, at a minimum, identifying best practices and providing recommenda-tions, for current and anticipated budgetary environments, with respect to— (1) simplifying and streamlining flight standards regulatory processes; (2) reorganizing Flight Standards Services to establish an entity organized by function rather than geographic region, if appro-priate; (3) FAA aviation safety inspector training opportunities; (4) FAA aviation safety inspector stand-ards and performance; and (5) achieving, across the FAA, consistent— (A) regulatory interpretations; and (B) application of oversight activities. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Task Force shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report detailing— (1) the best practices identified and rec-ommendations provided by the Task Force under subsection (c); and (2) any recommendations of the Task Force for additional regulatory action or cost-ef-fective legislative action. (e) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—Public Law 92–463 shall not apply to the Task Force. (f) T
ERMINATION .—The Task Force shall terminate on the earlier of— (1) the date on which the Task Force sub-mits the report required under subsection (d); or (2) the date that is 18 months after the date on which the Task Force is established under subsection (a). 
SEC. 233. CENTRALIZED SAFETY GUIDANCE DATABASE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish a centralized safety guidance database that will— (1) encompass all of the regulatory guid-ance documents of the FAA Office of Avia-tion Safety; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3607 April 26, 2018 
(2) contain, for each such guidance docu-ment, a link to the Code of Federal Regula-tions provision to which the document re-lates; and (3) be publicly available in a manner that— (A) does not provide identifying informa-tion regarding an individual or entity; and (B) protects proprietary information. (b) D
ATAENTRY TIMING .— (1) E
XISTING DOCUMENTS .—Not later than 14 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall begin entering into the database established under sub-section (a) all of the regulatory guidance documents of the Office of Aviation Safety that are in effect and were issued before the date on which the Administrator begins such entry process. (2) N
EW DOCUMENTS AND CHANGES .—On and after the date on which the Administrator begins the document entry process under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall en-sure that all new regulatory guidance docu-ments of the Office of Aviation Safety and any changes to existing documents are in-cluded in the database established under sub-section (a). (c) C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—In estab- lishing the database under subsection (a), the Administrator shall consult and collabo-rate with appropriate stakeholders, includ-ing labor organizations (including those rep-resenting aviation workers and FAA avia-tion safety inspectors) and industry stake-holders. (d) R
EGULATORY GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘regulatory guidance documents’’ means all forms of written information issued by the FAA that an individual or entity may use to interpret or apply FAA regulations and requirements, including information an individual or enti-ty may use to determine acceptable means of compliance with such regulations and re-quirements. 
SEC. 234. REGULATORY CONSISTENCY COMMU-NICATIONS BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish a Regulatory Consistency Communications Board (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Board’’). (b) C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—In estab- lishing the Board, the Administrator shall consult and collaborate with appropriate stakeholders, including FAA labor organiza-tions (including labor organizations rep-resenting FAA aviation safety inspectors) and industry stakeholders. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Board shall be com-posed of FAA representatives, appointed by the Administrator, from— (1) the Flight Standards Service; (2) the Aircraft Certification Service; and (3) the Office of the Chief Counsel. (d) F
UNCTIONS .—The Board shall carry out the following functions: (1) Establish, at a minimum, processes by which— (A) FAA personnel and regulated entities may submit anonymous regulatory interpre-tation questions without fear of retaliation; and (B) FAA personnel may submit written questions, and receive written responses, as to whether a previous approval or regulatory interpretation issued by FAA personnel in another office or region is correct or incor-rect. (2) Meet on a regular basis to discuss and resolve questions submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) and the appropriate applica-tion of regulations and policy with respect to each question. (3) Provide to an individual or entity that submitted a question pursuant to paragraph (1) a timely response to the question. (4) Establish a process to make resolutions of common regulatory interpretation ques-tions publicly available to FAA personnel and regulated entities without providing any identifying data of the individuals or enti-ties that submitted the questions and in a manner that protects any proprietary infor-mation. (5) Ensure the incorporation of resolutions of questions submitted pursuant to para-graph (1) into regulatory guidance docu-ments. (e) PERFORMANCE METRICS , TIMELINES , AND G
OALS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Safety Oversight and Cer-tification Advisory Committee establishes performance metrics for the FAA and the regulated aviation industry under section 202, the Administrator, in collaboration with the Advisory Committee, shall— (1) establish performance metrics, timelines, and goals to measure the progress of the Board in resolving regulatory inter-pretation questions submitted pursuant to subsection (d)(1); and (2) implement a process for tracking the progress of the Board in meeting the metrics, timelines, and goals established under paragraph (1). Subtitle D—Safety Workforce 
SEC. 241. SAFETY WORKFORCE TRAINING STRAT-EGY. 
(a) S AFETY WORKFORCE TRAINING STRAT -
EGY.—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA shall establish a safety workforce training strategy that— (1) allows employees participating in orga-nization management teams or conducting ODA program audits to complete, in a timely fashion, appropriate training, including re-current training, in auditing and a systems safety approach to oversight; (2) seeks knowledge-sharing opportunities between the FAA and the aviation industry regarding new equipment and systems, best practices, and other areas of interest; (3) functions within the current and antici-pated budgetary environments; and (4) includes milestones and metrics for meeting the requirements of paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of establishment of the strategy re-quired under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the implementa-tion of the strategy and progress in meeting any milestones and metrics included in the strategy. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) ODA; 
ODA HOLDER .—The terms ‘‘ODA’’ and ‘‘ODA holder’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 44736 of title 49, United States Code, as added by this Act. (2) O
RGANIZATION MANAGEMENT TEAM .—The term ‘‘organization management team’’ means a team consisting of FAA aviation safety engineers, flight test pilots, and avia-tion safety inspectors overseeing an ODA holder and its certification activity. 
SEC. 242. WORKFORCE REVIEW. 
(a) W ORKFORCE REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review to assess the work-force and training needs of the FAA Office of Aviation Safety in the anticipated budgetary environment. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The review required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a review of current aviation safety in-spector and aviation safety engineer hiring, training, and recurrent training require-ments; (2) an analysis of the skills and qualifica-tions required of aviation safety inspectors and aviation safety engineers for successful performance in the current and future pro-jected aviation safety regulatory environ-ment, including the need for a systems engi-neering discipline within the FAA to guide the engineering of complex systems, with an emphasis on auditing designated authorities; (3) a review of current performance incen-tive policies of the FAA, as applied to the Of-fice of Aviation Safety, including awards for performance; (4) an analysis of ways the FAA can work with industry and labor, including labor groups representing FAA aviation safety in-spectors and aviation safety engineers, to es-tablish knowledge-sharing opportunities be-tween the FAA and the aviation industry re-garding new equipment and systems, best practices, and other areas of interest; and (5) recommendations on the most effective qualifications, training programs (including e-learning training), and performance incen-tive approaches to address the needs of the future projected aviation safety regulatory system in the anticipated budgetary environ-ment. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review required under sub-section (a). Subtitle E—International Aviation 
SEC. 251. PROMOTION OF UNITED STATES AERO-SPACE STANDARDS, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ABROAD. 
Section 40104 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
ROMOTION OF UNITED STATES AERO-
SPACE STANDARDS , PRODUCTS , AND SERVICES  A
BROAD .—The Administrator shall take ap-propriate actions to— ‘‘(1) promote United States aerospace safe-ty standards abroad; ‘‘(2) facilitate and vigorously defend ap-provals of United States aerospace products and services abroad; ‘‘(3) with respect to bilateral partners, uti-lize bilateral safety agreements and other mechanisms to improve validation of United States type certificated aeronautical prod-ucts and appliances and enhance mutual ac-ceptance in order to eliminate redundancies and unnecessary costs; and ‘‘(4) with respect to foreign safety authori-ties, streamline validation and coordination processes.’’. 
SEC. 252. BILATERAL EXCHANGES OF SAFETY OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 44701(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) F
OREIGN AIRWORTHINESS DIRECTIVES .— ‘‘(A) A
CCEPTANCE .—The Administrator may accept an airworthiness directive issued by an aeronautical safety authority of a foreign country, and leverage that authority’s regu-latory process, if— ‘‘(i) the country is the state of design for the product that is the subject of the air-worthiness directive; ‘‘(ii) the United States has a bilateral safe-ty agreement relating to aircraft certifi-cation with the country; ‘‘(iii) as part of the bilateral safety agree-ment with the country, the Administrator has determined that such aeronautical safe-ty authority has a certification system re-lating to safety that produces a level of safe-ty equivalent to the level produced by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3608 April 26, 2018 
system of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion; ‘‘(iv) the aeronautical safety authority of the country utilizes an open and transparent notice and comment process in the issuance of airworthiness directives; and ‘‘(v) the airworthiness directive is nec-essary to provide for the safe operation of the aircraft subject to the directive. ‘‘(B) A
LTERNATIVE APPROVAL PROCESS .— Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Ad-ministrator may issue a Federal Aviation Administration airworthiness directive in-stead of accepting an airworthiness directive otherwise eligible for acceptance under such subparagraph, if the Administrator deter-mines that such issuance is necessary for safety or operational reasons due to the com-plexity or unique features of the Federal Aviation Administration airworthiness di-rective or the United States aviation system. ‘‘(C) A
LTERNATIVE MEANS OF COMPLIANCE .— The Administrator may— ‘‘(i) accept an alternative means of compli-ance, with respect to an airworthiness direc-tive accepted under subparagraph (A), that was approved by the aeronautical safety au-thority of the foreign country that issued the airworthiness directive; or ‘‘(ii) notwithstanding subparagraph (A), and at the request of any person affected by an airworthiness directive accepted under such subparagraph, approve an alternative means of compliance with respect to the air-worthiness directive. ‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—The Administrator may not accept an airworthiness directive issued by an aeronautical safety authority of a for-eign country if the airworthiness directive addresses matters other than those involving the safe operation of an aircraft.’’. 
SEC. 253. FAA LEADERSHIP ABROAD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To promote United States aerospace safety standards, reduce redun-dant regulatory activity, and facilitate ac-ceptance of FAA design and production ap-provals abroad, the Administrator of the FAA shall— (1) attain greater expertise in issues re-lated to dispute resolution, intellectual property, and export control laws to better support FAA certification and other aero-space regulatory activities abroad; (2) work with United States companies to more accurately track the amount of time it takes foreign authorities, including bilateral partners, to validate United States type cer-tificated aeronautical products; (3) provide assistance to United States companies that have experienced signifi-cantly long foreign validation wait times; (4) work with foreign authorities, including bilateral partners, to collect and analyze data to determine the timeliness of the ac-ceptance and validation of FAA design and production approvals by foreign authorities and the acceptance and validation of foreign- certified products by the FAA; (5) establish appropriate benchmarks and metrics to measure the success of bilateral aviation safety agreements and to reduce the validation time for United States type cer-tificated aeronautical products abroad; and (6) work with foreign authorities, including bilateral partners, to improve the timeliness of the acceptance and validation of FAA de-sign and production approvals by foreign au-thorities and the acceptance and validation of foreign-certified products by the FAA. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the FAA shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— (1) describes the FAA’s strategic plan for international engagement; (2) describes the structure and responsibil-ities of all FAA offices that have inter-national responsibilities, including the Air-craft Certification Office, and all the activi-ties conducted by those offices related to certification and production; (3) describes current and forecasted staff-ing and travel needs for the FAA’s inter-national engagement activities, including the needs of the Aircraft Certification Office in the current and forecasted budgetary en-vironment; (4) provides recommendations, if appro-priate, to improve the existing structure and personnel and travel policies supporting the FAA’s international engagement activities, including the activities of the Aviation Cer-tification Office, to better support the growth of United States aerospace exports; and (5) identifies cost-effective policy initia-tives, regulatory initiatives, or legislative initiatives needed to improve and enhance the timely acceptance of United States aero-space products abroad. (c) INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL .—The Adminis-trator of the FAA, or the Administrator’s designee, may authorize international travel for any FAA employee, without the approval of any other person or entity, if the Adminis-trator determines that the travel is nec-essary— (1) to promote United States aerospace safety standards; or (2) to support expedited acceptance of FAA design and production approvals. 
SEC. 254. REGISTRATION, CERTIFICATION, AND RELATED FEES. 
Section 45305 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘Subject to subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION SERVICES .—Subject to subsection (c), and notwithstanding section 45301(a), the Administrator may establish and collect a fee from a foreign government or entity for services related to certification, regardless of where the services are provided, if the fee— ‘‘(1) is established and collected in a man-ner consistent with aviation safety agree-ments; and ‘‘(2) does not exceed the estimated costs of the services.’’. TITLE III—SAFETY Subtitle A—General Provisions 
SEC. 301. FAA TECHNICAL TRAINING. 
(a) E-L EARNING TRAINING PILOT PRO-
GRAM .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in collaboration with the exclusive bargaining representatives of covered FAA personnel, shall establish an e-learning training pilot program in accordance with the require-ments of this section. (b) C
URRICULUM .—The pilot program shall— (1) include a recurrent training curriculum for covered FAA personnel to ensure that the personnel receive instruction on the latest aviation technologies, processes, and proce-dures; (2) focus on providing specialized technical training for covered FAA personnel, as deter-mined necessary by the Administrator; (3) include training courses on applicable regulations of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration; and (4) consider the efficacy of instructor-led online training. (c) PILOT PROGRAM TERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate 1 year after the date of establishment of the pilot pro-gram. (d) E-L
EARNING TRAINING PROGRAM .—Upon termination of the pilot program, the Ad-ministrator shall establish an e-learning training program that incorporates lessons learned for covered FAA personnel as a re-sult of the pilot program. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) C
OVERED FAA PERSONNEL .—The term ‘‘covered FAA personnel’’ means airway transportation systems specialists and avia-tion safety inspectors of the Federal Avia-tion Administration. (2) E-
LEARNING TRAINING .—The term ‘‘e- learning training’’ means learning utilizing electronic technologies to access educational curriculum outside of a traditional class-room. 
SEC. 302. SAFETY CRITICAL STAFFING. 
(a) U PDATE OF FAA’ SSAFETY CRITICAL  S
TAFFING MODEL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall update the safety critical staffing model of the Administration to de-termine the number of aviation safety in-spectors that will be needed to fulfill the safety oversight mission of the Administra-tion. (b) A
UDIT BY DOT I NSPECTOR GENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Administrator has updated the safety critical staffing model under subsection (a), the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall conduct an audit of the staffing model. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The audit shall include, at a minimum— (A) a review of the assumptions and meth-odologies used in devising and implementing the staffing model to assess the adequacy of the staffing model in predicting the number of aviation safety inspectors needed— (i) to properly fulfill the mission of the Ad-ministration; and (ii) to meet the future growth of the avia-tion industry; and (B) a determination on whether the staff-ing model takes into account the Adminis-tration’s authority to fully utilize designees. (3) R
EPORT ON AUDIT .— (A) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of completion of the audit, the Inspector General shall submit to the Secretary a report on the results of the audit. (B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the re-port, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a copy of the report, together with, if appropriate, a de-scription of any actions taken or to be taken to address the results of the audit. 
SEC. 303. INTERNATIONAL EFFORTS REGARDING TRACKING OF CIVIL AIRCRAFT. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall exercise leadership on creating a global approach to improving air-craft tracking by working with— (1) foreign counterparts of the Adminis-trator in the International Civil Aviation Or-ganization and its subsidiary organizations; (2) other international organizations and fora; and (3) the private sector. 
SEC. 304. AIRCRAFT DATA ACCESS AND RE-TRIEVAL SYSTEMS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall initiate an assessment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3609 April 26, 2018 
aircraft data access and retrieval systems for part 121 air carrier aircraft that are used in extended overwater operations to— (1) determine if the systems provide im-proved access and retrieval of aircraft data and cockpit voice recordings in the event of an aircraft accident; and (2) assess the cost effectiveness of each sys-tem assessed. (b) S
YSTEMS TOBEEXAMINED .—The sys- tems to be examined under this section shall include, at a minimum— (1) automatic deployable flight recorders; (2) emergency locator transmitters; and (3) satellite-based solutions. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of initiation of the assessment, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the assessment. (d) P
ART121 A IRCARRIER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘part 121 air carrier’’ means an air carrier that holds a certificate issued under part 121 of title 14, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. 
SEC. 305. ADVANCED COCKPIT DISPLAYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall initiate a review of heads- up display systems, heads-down display sys-tems employing synthetic vision systems, and enhanced vision systems (in this section referred to as ‘‘HUD systems’’, ‘‘SVS’’, and ‘‘EVS’’, respectively). (b) C
ONTENTS .—The review shall— (1) evaluate the impacts of single- and dual-installed HUD systems, SVS, and EVS on the safety and efficiency of aircraft oper-ations within the national airspace system; and (2) review a sufficient quantity of commer-cial aviation accidents or incidents in order to evaluate if HUD systems, SVS, and EVS would have produced a better outcome in that accident or incident. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the re-view, the Administrator shall consult with aviation manufacturers, representatives of pilot groups, aviation safety organizations, and any government agencies the Adminis-trator considers appropriate. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing the results of the review, the actions the Administrator plans to take with respect to the systems re-viewed, and the associated timeline for such actions. 
SEC. 306. MARKING OF TOWERS. 
Section 2110 of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) through (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2018 or the availability of the database developed by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration pursu-ant to subsection (c), whichever is later, all covered towers shall be either— ‘‘(A) clearly marked consistent with appli-cable guidance in the advisory circular of the Federal Aviation Administration issued December 4, 2015 (AC 70/7460–IL); or ‘‘(B) included in the database described in subsection (c). ‘‘(2) METEOROLOGICAL EVALUATION TOWER .— A covered tower that is a meteorological evaluation tower shall be subject to the re-quirements of paragraphs (1)(A) and (1)(B).’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; (3) in subsection (b)(1)(A) (as so redesig-nated)— (A) in clause (i)(I) by striking ‘‘self-stand-ing or’’ and inserting ‘‘a meteorological eval-uation tower or tower’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) in subclause (IV) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subclause (V) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VI) is located within the right-of-way of a rail carrier, including within the bound-aries of a rail yard, and is used for a railroad purpose; ‘‘(VII) is determined by the Administrator to pose no hazard to air navigation; or ‘‘(VIII) has already mitigated any hazard to aviation safety in accordance with Fed-eral Aviation Administration guidance or as otherwise approved by the Administrator.’’; and (4) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) develop a database that contains the location and height of each covered tower that, pursuant to subsection (a), the owner or operator of such tower elects not to mark, except that meteorological evaluation tow-ers shall be marked and contained in the database;’’; (B) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (4) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ensure that the tower information in the database is de-identified and that the in-formation only includes the location and height of covered towers; and ‘‘(6) make the database available for use not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018.’’. 
SEC. 307. CABIN EVACUATION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall re-view— (1) evacuation certification of transport- category aircraft used in air transportation, with regard to— (A) emergency conditions, including im-pacts into water; (B) crew procedures used for evacuations under actual emergency conditions; and (C) any relevant changes to passenger de-mographics and legal requirements (includ-ing the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990) that affect emergency evacuations; and (2) recent accidents and incidents where passengers evacuated such aircraft. (b) C
ONSULTATION ; REVIEW OF DATA.—In conducting the review, the Administrator shall— (1) consult with the National Transpor-tation Safety Board, transport-category air-craft manufacturers, air carriers, and other relevant experts and Federal agencies, in-cluding groups representing passengers, air-line crewmembers, maintenance employees, and emergency responders; and (2) review relevant data with respect to evacuation certification of transport-cat-egory aircraft. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review and related rec-ommendations, if any, including any rec-ommendations for revisions to the assump-tions and methods used for assessing evacu-ation certification of transport-category air-craft. SEC. 308. ODA STAFFING AND OVERSIGHT. 
(a) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the Administration’s progress with respect to— (1) determining what additional model in-puts and labor distribution codes are needed to identify ODA oversight staffing needs; (2) developing and implementing system- based evaluation criteria and risk-based tools to aid ODA team members in targeting their oversight activities; (3) developing agreements and processes for sharing resources to ensure adequate oversight of ODA personnel performing cer-tification and inspection work at supplier and company facilities; and (4) ensuring full utilization of ODA author-ity. (b) ODA D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘ODA’’ has the meaning given that term in section 44736 of title 49, United States Code, as added by this Act. 
SEC. 309. FUNDING FOR ADDITIONAL SAFETY NEEDS. 
Section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) F
UNDING FOR ADDITIONAL SAFETY  N
EEDS .— ‘‘(1) A
CCEPTANCE OF APPLICANT -PROVIDED  
FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Administrator may accept funds from an applicant for a certificate under this section to hire additional staff or obtain the services of consultants and ex-perts to facilitate the timely processing, re-view, and issuance of certificates under this section. ‘‘(2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed as permitting the Admin-istrator to grant priority or afford any pref-erence to an applicant providing funds under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Ad- ministrator shall implement such policies and procedures as may be required to ensure that the acceptance of funds under para-graph (1) does not prejudice the Adminis-trator in the issuance of any certificate to an applicant. ‘‘(3) R
ECEIPTS CREDITED AS OFFSETTING COL -
LECTIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, any funds accepted under this sub-section— ‘‘(A) shall be credited as offsetting collec-tions to the account that finances the activi-ties and services for which the funds are ac-cepted; ‘‘(B) shall be available for expenditure only to pay the costs of activities and services for which the funds are accepted; and ‘‘(C) shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
SEC. 310. FUNDING FOR ADDITIONAL FAA LI-CENSING NEEDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 50924. Funding to facilitate FAA licensing ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Transportation may accept funds from a per-son applying for a license or permit under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3610 April 26, 2018 
this chapter to hire additional staff or obtain the services of consultants and experts— ‘‘(1) to facilitate the timely processing, re-view, and issuance of licenses or permits issued under this chapter; ‘‘(2) to conduct environmental activities, studies, or reviews associated with such li-censes or permits; or ‘‘(3) to conduct additional activities associ-ated with or necessitated by such licenses or permits, including pre-application consulta-tion, hazard area determination, or on-site inspection. ‘‘(b) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed as permitting the Sec-retary to grant priority or afford any pref-erence to an applicant providing funds under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary shall implement such policies and procedures as may be required to ensure that the acceptance of funds under subsection (a) does not prejudice the Secretary in the issuance of any license or permit to an appli-cant. ‘‘(c) R
ECEIPTS CREDITED AS OFFSETTING  C
OLLECTIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, any funds accepted under this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) shall be credited as offsetting collec-tions to the account that finances the activi-ties and services for which the funds are ac-cepted; ‘‘(2) shall be available for expenditure only to pay the costs of activities and services for which the funds are accepted; and ‘‘(3) shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘50924. Funding to facilitate FAA licens-ing.’’. 
SEC. 311. EMERGENCY MEDICAL EQUIPMENT ON PASSENGER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall evaluate and revise, as ap-propriate, regulations in part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, regarding emergency medical equipment, including the contents of first-aid kits, applicable to all certificate holders operating passenger air-craft under that part. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Administrator shall consider whether the minimum contents of approved emergency medical kits, including approved first-aid kits, include appropriate medica-tions and equipment to meet the emergency medical needs of children. 
SEC. 312. HIMS PROGRAM. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a human intervention motivation study (HIMS) program for flight crew-members employed by commercial air car-riers operating in United States airspace. 
SEC. 313. ACCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARILY PRO-VIDED SAFETY INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be a presump-tion that an individual’s voluntary disclo-sure of an operational or maintenance issue related to aviation safety under an aviation safety action program meets the criteria for acceptance as a valid disclosure under such program. (b) D
ISCLAIMER REQUIRED .—Any dissemina-tion of a disclosure that was submitted and accepted under an aviation safety action pro-gram pursuant to the presumption under subsection (a), but that has not undergone review by an event review committee, shall be accompanied by a disclaimer stating that the disclosure— (1) has not been reviewed by an event re-view committee tasked with reviewing such disclosures; and (2) may subsequently be determined to be ineligible for inclusion in the aviation safety action program. (c) REJECTION OF DISCLOSURE .—A disclo- sure described under subsection (a) shall be rejected from an aviation safety action pro-gram if, after a review of the disclosure, an event review committee tasked with review-ing such disclosures determines that the dis-closure fails to meet the criteria for accept-ance under such program. (d) A
VIATION SAFETY ACTION PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘aviation safety action program’’ means a program es-tablished in accordance with Federal Avia-tion Administration Advisory Circular 120– 66B, issued November 15, 2002 (including any similar successor advisory circular), to allow an individual to voluntarily disclose oper-ational or maintenance issues related to aviation safety. 
SEC. 314. FLIGHT ATTENDANT DUTY PERIOD LIM-ITATIONS AND REST REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF FINAL RULE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall modify the final rule of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration published in the Federal Register on August 19, 1994 (59 Fed. Reg. 42974; relating to flight attendant duty period limitations and rest requirements) in accordance with the re-quirements of this subsection. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The final rule, as modified under paragraph (1), shall ensure that— (A) a flight attendant scheduled to a duty period of 14 hours or less is given a scheduled rest period of at least 10 consecutive hours; and (B) the rest period is not reduced under any circumstances. (b) F
ATIGUE RISKMANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) S
UBMISSION OF PLAN BY PART 121 AIR CAR -
RIERS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each air carrier op-erating under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (in this section referred to as a ‘‘part 121 air carrier’’), shall submit to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration for review and acceptance a fatigue risk management plan for the car-rier’s flight attendants. (2) C
ONTENTS OF PLAN .—A fatigue risk man-agement plan submitted by a part 121 air carrier under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Current flight time and duty period limitations. (B) A rest scheme consistent with such limitations that enables the management of flight attendant fatigue, including annual training to increase awareness of— (i) fatigue; (ii) the effects of fatigue on flight attend-ants; and (iii) fatigue countermeasures. (C) Development and use of a methodology that continually assesses the effectiveness of implementation of the plan, including the ability of the plan— (i) to improve alertness; and (ii) to mitigate performance errors. (3) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall review and accept or reject each fatigue risk management plan submitted under this subsection. If the Administrator rejects a plan, the Administrator shall pro-vide suggested modifications for resubmis-sion of the plan. (4) P
LAN UPDATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A part 121 air carrier shall update its fatigue risk management plan under paragraph (1) every 2 years and submit the update to the Administrator for review and acceptance. (B) REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of submission of a plan update under subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall review and accept or reject the update. If the Administrator rejects an update, the Administrator shall provide suggested modi-fications for resubmission of the update. (5) C
OMPLIANCE .—A part 121 air carrier shall comply with the fatigue risk manage-ment plan of the air carrier that is accepted by the Administrator under this subsection. (6) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—A violation of this subsection by a part 121 air carrier shall be treated as a violation of chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, for purposes of the application of civil penalties under chapter 463 of that title. 
SEC. 315. SECONDARY COCKPIT BARRIERS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue an order requiring the installation of a secondary cockpit barrier on each aircraft that is manufactured for delivery to a pas-senger air carrier in the United States oper-ating under the provisions of part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 316. AVIATION MAINTENANCE INDUSTRY TECHNICAL WORKFORCE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on technical workers in the aviation mainte-nance industry. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study, the Comptroller General shall— (1) analyze the current Standard Occupa-tional Classification system with regard to the aviation profession, particularly tech-nical workers in the aviation maintenance industry; (2) analyze how changes to the Federal em-ployment classification of aviation mainte-nance industry workers might affect govern-ment data on unemployment rates and wages; (3) analyze how changes to the Federal em-ployment classification of aviation mainte-nance industry workers might affect projec-tions for future aviation maintenance indus-try workforce needs and project technical worker shortfalls; (4) analyze the impact of Federal regula-tion, including Federal Aviation Administra-tion oversight of certification, testing, and education programs, on employment of tech-nical workers in the aviation maintenance industry; (5) develop recommendations on how Fed-eral Aviation Administration regulations and policies could be improved to address aviation maintenance industry needs for technical workers; and (6) develop recommendations for better co-ordinating actions by government, edu-cational institutions, and businesses to sup-port workforce growth in the aviation main-tenance industry. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) A
VIATION MAINTENANCE INDUSTRY .—The term ‘‘aviation maintenance industry’’ means repair stations certificated under part 145 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) T
ECHNICAL WORKER .—The term ‘‘tech-nical worker’’ means an individual author-ized under part 43 of title 14, Code of Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3611 April 26, 2018 
Regulations, to maintain, rebuild, alter, or perform preventive maintenance on an air-craft, airframe, aircraft engine, propeller, appliance, or component part or employed by an entity so authorized to perform such a function. 
SEC. 317. CRITICAL AIRFIELD MARKINGS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue a request for proposal for a study that includes— (1) an independent, third party study to as-sess the durability of Type III and Type I glass beads applied to critical markings over a 2-year period at not fewer than 2 primary airports in varying weather conditions to measure the retroreflectivity levels of such markings on a quarterly basis; and (2) a study at 2 other airports carried out by applying Type III beads on half of the cen-terline and Type I beads to the other half and providing for assessments from pilots through surveys administered by a third party as to the visibility and performance of the Type III glass beads as compared to the Type I glass beads over a 1-year period. 
SEC. 318. REGULATORY REFORM. 
Section 106(p)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or aero-space’’ after ‘‘aviation’’. Subtitle B—Unmanned Aircraft Systems 
SEC. 331. DEFINITIONS. 
Except as otherwise provided, the defini-tions contained in section 45501 of title 49, United States Code (as added by this Act), shall apply to this subtitle. 
SEC. 332. CODIFICATION OF EXISTING LAW; ADDI-TIONAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 453 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 455—UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘45501. Definitions. ‘‘45502. Integration of civil unmanned air-craft systems into national air-space system. ‘‘45503. Risk-based permitting of unmanned aircraft systems. ‘‘45504. Public unmanned aircraft systems. ‘‘45505. Special rules for certain unmanned aircraft systems. ‘‘45506. Certification of new air navigation facilities for unmanned aircraft and other aircraft. ‘‘45507. Special rules for certain UTM and low-altitude CNS. ‘‘45508. Operation of small unmanned air-craft. ‘‘45509. Special rules for model aircraft. ‘‘45510. Carriage of property for compensa-tion or hire. ‘‘45511. Micro UAS operations. ‘‘§ 45501. Definitions ‘‘In this chapter, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(1) A
ERIAL DATA COLLECTION .—The term ‘aerial data collection’ means the gathering of data by a device aboard an unmanned air-craft during flight, including imagery, sens-ing, and measurement by such device. ‘‘(2) A
RCTIC .—The term ‘Arctic’ means the United States zone of the Chukchi Sea, Beaufort Sea, and Bering Sea north of the Aleutian chain. ‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATE OF WAIVER ; CERTIFICATE  
OF AUTHORIZATION .—The terms ‘certificate of waiver’ and ‘certificate of authorization’ mean a Federal Aviation Administration grant of approval for a specific flight oper-ation. ‘‘(4) CNS.—The term ‘CNS’ means a com-munication, navigation, or surveillance sys-tem or service. ‘‘(5) MODEL AIRCRAFT .—the term ‘model aircraft’ means an unmanned aircraft that is— ‘‘(A) capable of sustained flight in the at-mosphere; ‘‘(B) flown within visual line of sight of the person operating the aircraft; and ‘‘(C) flown for hobby or recreational pur-poses. ‘‘(6) P
ERMANENT AREAS .—The term ‘perma-nent areas’ means areas on land or water that provide for launch, recovery, and oper-ation of small unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(7) P
UBLIC UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .— The term ‘public unmanned aircraft system’ means an unmanned aircraft system that meets the qualifications and conditions re-quired for operation of a public aircraft (as defined in section 40102(a)). ‘‘(8) S
ENSE -AND-AVOID CAPABILITY .—The term ‘sense-and-avoid capability’ means the capability of an unmanned aircraft to re-main a safe distance from and to avoid colli-sions with other airborne aircraft. ‘‘(9) S
MALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT .—The term ‘small unmanned aircraft’ means an un-manned aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds, including everything that is on board or otherwise attached to the aircraft. ‘‘(10) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT .—The term ‘un-manned aircraft’ means an aircraft that is operated without the possibility of direct human intervention from within or on the aircraft. ‘‘(11) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .—The term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ means an unmanned aircraft and associated elements (including communication links and the components that control the unmanned air-craft) that are required for the pilot in com-mand to operate safely and efficiently in the national airspace system. ‘‘(12) UTM.—The term ‘UTM’ means an un-manned aircraft traffic management system or service. ‘‘§ 45502. Integration of civil unmanned air-craft systems into national airspace system ‘‘(a) R
EQUIRED PLANNING FOR INTEGRA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) C
OMPREHENSIVE PLAN .—Not later than November 10, 2012, the Secretary of Trans-portation, in consultation with representa-tives of the aviation industry, Federal agen-cies that employ unmanned aircraft systems technology in the national airspace system, and the unmanned aircraft systems industry, shall develop a comprehensive plan to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF PLAN .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall contain, at a min-imum, recommendations or projections on— ‘‘(A) the rulemaking to be conducted under subsection (b), with specific recommenda-tions on how the rulemaking will— ‘‘(i) define the acceptable standards for op-eration and certification of civil unmanned aircraft systems; ‘‘(ii) ensure that any civil unmanned air-craft system includes a sense-and-avoid ca-pability; and ‘‘(iii) establish standards and requirements for the operator and pilot of a civil un-manned aircraft system, including standards and requirements for registration and licens-ing; ‘‘(B) the best methods to enhance the tech-nologies and subsystems necessary to achieve the safe and routine operation of civil unmanned aircraft systems in the na-tional airspace system; ‘‘(C) a phased-in approach to the integra-tion of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system; ‘‘(D) a timeline for the phased-in approach described under subparagraph (C); ‘‘(E) creation of a safe airspace designation for cooperative manned and unmanned flight operations in the national airspace system; ‘‘(F) establishment of a process to develop certification, flight standards, and air traffic requirements for civil unmanned aircraft systems at test ranges where such systems are subject to testing; ‘‘(G) the best methods to ensure the safe operation of civil unmanned aircraft systems and public unmanned aircraft systems simul-taneously in the national airspace system; and ‘‘(H) incorporation of the plan into the an-nual NextGen Implementation Plan docu-ment (or any successor document) of the Federal Aviation Administration. ‘‘(3) DEADLINE .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall provide for the safe inte-gration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system as soon as practicable, but not later than September 30, 2015. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than February 14, 2013, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a copy of the plan required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) R
OADMAP .—Not later than February 14, 2013, the Secretary shall approve and make available in print and on the Adminis-tration’s internet website a 5-year roadmap for the introduction of civil unmanned air-craft systems into the national airspace sys-tem, as coordinated by the Unmanned Air-craft Program Office of the Administration. The Secretary shall update, in coordination with the Administrator of the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration (NASA) and relevant stakeholders, including those in industry and academia, the roadmap annu-ally. The roadmap shall include, at a min-imum— ‘‘(A) cost estimates, planned schedules, and performance benchmarks, including specific tasks, milestones, and timelines, for un-manned aircraft systems integration into the national airspace system, including an identification of— ‘‘(i) the role of the unmanned aircraft sys-tems test ranges established under sub-section (c) and the Unmanned Aircraft Sys-tems Center of Excellence; ‘‘(ii) performance objectives for unmanned aircraft systems that operate in the national airspace system; and ‘‘(iii) research and development priorities for tools that could assist air traffic control-lers as unmanned aircraft systems are inte-grated into the national airspace system, as appropriate; ‘‘(B) a description of how the Administra-tion plans to use research and development, including research and development con-ducted through NASA’s Unmanned Aircraft Systems Traffic Management initiatives, to accommodate, integrate, and provide for the evolution of unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace system; ‘‘(C) an assessment of critical performance abilities necessary to integrate unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system, and how these performance abilities can be demonstrated; and ‘‘(D) an update on the advancement of technologies needed to integrate unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system, including decisionmaking by adapt-ive systems, such as sense-and-avoid capa-bilities and cyber physical systems security. ‘‘(b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 18 months after the date on which the plan re-quired under subsection (a)(1) is submitted to Congress under subsection (a)(4), the Sec-retary shall publish in the Federal Reg-ister— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3612 April 26, 2018 
‘‘(1) a final rule on small unmanned air-craft systems that will allow for civil oper-ation of such systems in the national air-space system, to the extent the systems do not meet the requirements for expedited operational authorization under section 45508; ‘‘(2) a notice of proposed rulemaking to im-plement the recommendations of the plan re-quired under subsection (a)(1), with the final rule to be published not later than 16 months after the date of publication of the notice; and ‘‘(3) an update to the Administration’s most recent policy statement on unmanned aircraft systems, contained in Docket No. FAA–2006–25714. ‘‘(c) E
XPANDING USE OF UNMANNED AIR-
CRAFT SYSTEMS IN ARCTIC .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than August 12, 2012, the Secretary shall develop a plan and initiate a process to work with relevant Fed-eral agencies and national and international communities to designate permanent areas in the Arctic where small unmanned aircraft may operate 24 hours per day for research and commercial purposes. The plan for oper-ations in these permanent areas shall in-clude the development of processes to facili-tate the safe operation of unmanned aircraft beyond line of sight. Such areas shall enable over-water flights from the surface to at least 2,000 feet in altitude, with ingress and egress routes from selected coastal launch sites. ‘‘(2) A
GREEMENTS .—To implement the plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary may enter into an agreement with relevant national and international communities. ‘‘(3) A
IRCRAFT APPROVAL .—Not later than 1 year after the entry into force of an agree-ment necessary to effectuate the purposes of this subsection, the Secretary shall work with relevant national and international communities to establish and implement a process, or may apply an applicable process already established, for approving the use of unmanned aircraft in the designated perma-nent areas in the Arctic without regard to whether an unmanned aircraft is used as a public aircraft, a civil aircraft, or a model aircraft. ‘‘§ 45503. Risk-based permitting of unmanned aircraft systems ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall establish procedures for issuing permits under this section with respect to certain unmanned aircraft sys-tems and operations thereof. ‘‘(b) P
ERMITTING STANDARDS .—Upon the submission of an application in accordance with subsection (d), the Administrator shall issue a permit with respect to the proposed operation of an unmanned aircraft system if the Administrator determines that the un-manned aircraft system and the proposed op-eration achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to— ‘‘(1) other unmanned aircraft systems and operations permitted under regulation, ex-emption, or other authority granted by the Administrator; or ‘‘(2) any other aircraft operation approved by the Administrator with similar risk char-acteristics or profiles. ‘‘(c) S
AFETY CRITERIA FOR CONSIDER -
ATION .—In determining whether a proposed operation meets the standards described in subsection (b), the Administrator shall con-sider the following safety criteria: ‘‘(1) The kinetic energy of the unmanned aircraft system. ‘‘(2) The location of the proposed oper-ation, including the proximity to— ‘‘(A) structures; ‘‘(B) congested areas; ‘‘(C) special-use airspace; and ‘‘(D) persons on the ground. ‘‘(3) The nature of the operation, including any proposed risk mitigation. ‘‘(4) Any known hazard of the proposed op-eration and the severity and likelihood of such hazard. ‘‘(5) Any known failure modes of the un-manned aircraft system, failure mode effects and criticality, and any mitigating features or capabilities. ‘‘(6) The operational history of relevant technologies, if available. ‘‘(7) Any history of civil penalties or cer-tificate actions by the Administrator against the applicant seeking the permit. ‘‘(8) Any other safety criteria the Adminis-trator considers appropriate. ‘‘(d) APPLICATION .—An application under this section shall include evidence that the unmanned aircraft system and the proposed operation thereof meet the standards de-scribed in subsection (b) based on the cri-teria described in subsection (c). ‘‘(e) S
COPE OF PERMIT .—A permit issued under this section shall— ‘‘(1) be valid for 5 years; ‘‘(2) constitute approval of both the air-worthiness of the unmanned aircraft system and the proposed operation of such system; ‘‘(3) be renewable for additional 5-year pe-riods; and ‘‘(4) contain any terms necessary to ensure aviation safety. ‘‘(f) N
OTICE .—Not later than 120 days after the Administrator receives a complete appli-cation under subsection (d), the Adminis-trator shall provide the applicant written notice of a decision to approve or disapprove of the application or to request a modifica-tion of the application that is necessary for approval of the application. ‘‘(g) P
ERMITTING PROCESS .—The Adminis-trator shall issue a permit under this section without regard to subsections (b) through (d) of section 553 of title 5 and chapter 35 of title 44 if the Administrator determines that the operation permitted will not occur near a congested area. ‘‘(h) E
XEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—To the extent consistent with avia-tion safety, the Administrator may exempt applicants under this section from para-graphs (1) through (3) of section 44711(a). ‘‘(i) W
ITHDRAWAL .—The Administrator may, at any time, modify or withdraw a per-mit issued under this section. ‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall not apply to small unmanned aircraft systems and operations authorized by the final rule on small unmanned aircraft systems issued pursuant to section 45502(b)(1). ‘‘(k) E
XPEDITED REVIEW .—The Adminis-trator shall review and act upon applications under this section on an expedited basis for unmanned aircraft systems and operations thereof to be used primarily in, or primarily in direct support of, emergency prepared-ness, emergency response, or disaster recov-ery efforts, including efforts in connection with natural disasters and severe weather events. ‘‘§ 45504. Public unmanned aircraft systems ‘‘(a) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than November 10, 2012, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue guidance regarding the operation of public unmanned aircraft systems to— ‘‘(1) expedite the issuance of a certificate of authorization process; ‘‘(2) provide for a collaborative process with public agencies to allow for an incre-mental expansion of access to the national airspace system as technology matures and the necessary safety analysis and data be-come available, and until standards are com-pleted and technology issues are resolved; ‘‘(3) facilitate the capability of public agencies to develop and use test ranges, sub-ject to operating restrictions required by the Federal Aviation Administration, to test and operate unmanned aircraft systems; and ‘‘(4) provide guidance on a public entity’s responsibility when operating an unmanned aircraft without a civil airworthiness certifi-cate issued by the Administration. ‘‘(b) STANDARDS FOR OPERATION AND CER-
TIFICATION .—Not later than December 31, 2015, the Administrator shall develop and im-plement operational and certification re-quirements for the operation of public un-manned aircraft systems in the national air-space system. ‘‘(c) A
GREEMENTS WITHGOVERNMENT AGEN-
CIES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than May 14, 2012, the Secretary shall enter into agree-ments with appropriate government agencies to simplify the process for issuing certifi-cates of waiver or authorization with respect to applications seeking authorization to op-erate public unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace system. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The agreements shall— ‘‘(A) with respect to an application de-scribed in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(i) provide for an expedited review of the application; ‘‘(ii) require a decision by the Adminis-trator on approval or disapproval within 60 business days of the date of submission of the application; and ‘‘(iii) allow for an expedited appeal if the application is disapproved; ‘‘(B) allow for a one-time approval of simi-lar operations carried out during a fixed pe-riod of time; and ‘‘(C) allow a government public safety agency to operate unmanned aircraft weigh-ing 4.4 pounds or less, if operated— ‘‘(i) within the line of sight of the operator; ‘‘(ii) less than 400 feet above the ground; ‘‘(iii) during daylight conditions; ‘‘(iv) within Class G airspace; and ‘‘(v) outside of 5 statute miles from any airport, heliport, seaplane base, spaceport, or other location with aviation activities. ‘‘§ 45505. Special rules for certain unmanned aircraft systems ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later than August 12, 2012, the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain un-manned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before com-pletion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 45502 or the guidance required under section 45504. ‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENT OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT  S
YSTEMS .—In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary shall de-termine, at a minimum— ‘‘(1) which types of unmanned aircraft sys-tems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace sys-tem or the public or pose a threat to na-tional security; and ‘‘(2) whether a certificate of waiver, certifi-cate of authorization, or airworthiness cer-tification under section 44704 is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SAFEOPERATION .— If the Secretary determines under this sec-tion that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish re-quirements for the safe operation of such air-craft systems in the national airspace sys-tem. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3613 April 26, 2018 
‘‘§ 45506. Certification of new air navigation facilities for unmanned aircraft and other aircraft ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section, and notwithstanding section 2208 of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note), the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion shall initiate a rulemaking to establish procedures for issuing air navigation facility certificates pursuant to section 44702 to oper-ators of— ‘‘(1) UTM for unmanned aircraft operations that occur primarily or exclusively in air-space 400 feet above ground level and below; and ‘‘(2) low-altitude CNS for aircraft oper-ations that occur primarily or exclusively in airspace 400 feet above ground level and below. ‘‘(b) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—In issuing a final rule pursuant to subsection (a), the Ad-ministrator, at a minimum, shall provide for the following: ‘‘(1) C
ERTIFICATION STANDARDS .—The Ad- ministrator shall issue an air navigation fa-cility certificate under the final rule if the Administrator determines that a UTM or low-altitude CNS facilitates or improves the safety of unmanned aircraft or other aircraft operations that occur primarily or exclu-sively in airspace 400 feet above ground level and below, including operations conducted under a waiver issued pursuant to subpart D of part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regu-lations. ‘‘(2) C
RITERIA FOR CONSIDERATION .—In de- termining whether a UTM or low-altitude CNS meets the standard described in para-graph (1), the Administrator shall, as appro-priate, consider— ‘‘(A) protection of persons and property on the ground; ‘‘(B) remote identification of aircraft; ‘‘(C) collision avoidance with respect to ob-stacles and aircraft; ‘‘(D) deconfliction of aircraft trajectories; ‘‘(E) safe and reliable interoperability or noninterference with air traffic control and other systems operated in the national air-space system; ‘‘(F) detection of noncooperative aircraft; ‘‘(G) geographic and local factors; ‘‘(H) aircraft equipage; and ‘‘(I) qualifications, if any, necessary to op-erate the UTM or low-altitude CNS. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .—An application for an air navigation facility certificate under the final rule shall include evidence that the UTM or low-altitude CNS meets the standard described in paragraph (1) based on the cri-teria described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) S
COPE OF CERTIFICATE .—The Adminis-trator shall ensure that an air navigation fa-cility certificate issued under the final rule— ‘‘(A) constitutes approval of the UTM or low-altitude CNS for the duration of the term of the certificate; ‘‘(B) constitutes authorization to operate the UTM or low-altitude CNS for the dura-tion of the term of the certificate; and ‘‘(C) contains such limitations and condi-tions as may be necessary to ensure aviation safety. ‘‘(5) N
OTICE .—Not later than 120 days after the Administrator receives a complete appli-cation under the final rule, the Adminis-trator shall provide the applicant with a written approval, disapproval, or request to modify the application. ‘‘(6) L
OW RISK AREAS .—Under the final rule, the Administrator shall establish expedited procedures for approval of UTM or low-alti-tude CNS operated in— ‘‘(A) airspace away from congested areas; or ‘‘(B) other airspace above areas in which operations of unmanned aircraft pose very low risk. ‘‘(7) EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—To the extent consistent with avia-tion safety, the Administrator may exempt applicants under the final rule from require-ments under sections 44702, 44703, and 44711. ‘‘(8) C
ERTIFICATE MODIFICATIONS AND REV -
OCATIONS .—A certificate issued under the final rule may, at any time, be modified or revoked by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this section, the Administrator shall consult with other Federal agencies, as appropriate. ‘‘§ 45507. Special rules for certain UTM and low-altitude CNS ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other requirement of this chapter, and not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Secretary of Trans-portation shall determine if certain UTM and low-altitude CNS may operate safely in the national airspace system before comple-tion of the rulemaking required by section 45506. ‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENT OF UTM AND LOW-ALTI-
TUDE CNS.—In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary shall de-termine, at a minimum, which types of UTM and low-altitude CNS, if any, as a result of their operational capabilities, reliability, in-tended use, and areas of operation, and the characteristics of the aircraft involved, do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SAFEOPERATION .— If the Secretary determines that certain UTM and low-altitude CNS may operate safe-ly in the national airspace system, the Sec-retary shall establish requirements for their safe operation in the national airspace sys-tem. ‘‘(d) E
XPEDITED PROCEDURES .—The Sec-retary shall provide expedited procedures for reviewing and approving UTM or low-alti-tude CNS operated to monitor or control air-craft operated primarily or exclusively in airspace above— ‘‘(1) croplands; ‘‘(2) areas other than congested areas; and ‘‘(3) other areas in which the operation of unmanned aircraft poses very low risk. ‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this section, the Administrator shall consult with other Federal agencies, as appropriate. ‘‘§ 45508. Operation of small unmanned air-craft ‘‘(a) E
XEMPTION AND CERTIFICATE OF WAIV-
ER OR AUTHORIZATION FOR CERTAIN OPER-
ATIONS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration shall establish a procedure for granting an exemption and issuing a certifi-cate of waiver or authorization for the oper-ation of a small unmanned aircraft system in United States airspace for the purposes de-scribed in section 45501(1). ‘‘(b) O
PERATION OF EXEMPTION AND CERTIFI -
CATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) E
XEMPTION .—An exemption granted under this section shall— ‘‘(A) exempt the operator of a small un-manned aircraft from the provisions of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, that are ex-empted in Exemption No. 11687, issued on May 26, 2015, Regulatory Docket Number FAA–2015–0117, or in a subsequent exemption; and ‘‘(B) contain conditions and limitations de-scribed in paragraphs 3 through 31 of such Exemption No. 11687, or conditions and limi-tations of a subsequent exemption. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZA -
TION.—A certificate of waiver or authoriza-tion issued under this section shall allow the operation of small unmanned aircraft ac-cording to— ‘‘(A) the standard provisions and air traffic control special provisions of the certificate of waiver or authorization FAA Form 7711–1 (7–74); or ‘‘(B) the standard and special provisions of a subsequent certificate of waiver or author-ization. ‘‘(c) NOTICE TO ADMINISTRATOR .—Before op-erating a small unmanned aircraft pursuant to a certificate of waiver or authorization granted under this section, the operator shall provide written notice to the Adminis-trator, in a form and manner specified by the Administrator, that contains such informa-tion and assurances as the Administrator de-termines necessary in the interest of avia-tion safety and the efficiency of the national airspace system, including a certification that the operator has read, understands, and will comply with all terms, conditions, and limitations of the certificate of waiver or au-thorization. ‘‘(d) W
AIVER OF AIRWORTHINESS CERTIFI -
CATE .—Notwithstanding section 44711(a)(1), the holder of a certificate of waiver or au-thorization granted under this section may operate a small unmanned aircraft under the terms, conditions, and limitations of such certificate without an airworthiness certifi-cate. ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURE .—The granting of an ex-emption or the issuance of a certificate of waiver or authorization, or any other action authorized by this section, shall be made without regard to— ‘‘(1) section 553 of title 5; or ‘‘(2) chapter 35 of title 44. ‘‘(f) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— ‘‘(1) affect the issuance of a rule by or any other activity of the Secretary of Transpor-tation or the Administrator under any other provision of law; or ‘‘(2) invalidate an exemption or certificate of waiver or authorization issued by the Ad-ministrator before the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(g) E
FFECTIVE PERIODS .—An exemption or certificate of waiver or authorization issued under this section, or an amendment of such exemption or certificate, shall cease to be valid on the effective date of a final rule on small unmanned aircraft systems issued under section 45502(b)(1). ‘‘§ 45509. Special rules for model aircraft ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to the incor-poration of unmanned aircraft systems into Federal Aviation Administration plans and policies, including this subtitle, the Admin-istrator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion may not promulgate any rule or regula-tion regarding a model aircraft or an aircraft being developed as a model aircraft (other than the registration of certain model air-craft pursuant to section 44103), if— ‘‘(1) the aircraft is flown strictly for hobby or recreational use; ‘‘(2) the aircraft is operated in accordance with a community-based set of safety guide-lines and within the programming of a com-munity-based organization; ‘‘(3) the aircraft is limited to not more than 55 pounds unless otherwise certified through a design, construction, inspection, flight test, and operational safety program administered by a community-based organi-zation; ‘‘(4) the aircraft is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft; ‘‘(5) the aircraft is not operated over or within the property of a fixed site facility that operates amusement rides available for use by the general public or the property ex-tending 500 lateral feet beyond the perimeter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3614 April 26, 2018 
of such facility unless the operation is au-thorized by the owner of the amusement fa-cility; and ‘‘(6) when flown within 5 miles of an air-port, the operator of the aircraft provides the airport operator and the airport air traf-fic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport) with prior notice of the operation (model aircraft operators fly-ing from a permanent location within 5 miles of an airport should establish a mutually agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). ‘‘(b) C
OMMERCIAL OPERATION FOR INSTRUC -
TIONAL OR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES .—A flight of an unmanned aircraft shall be treated as a flight of a model aircraft for purposes of subsection (a) (regardless of any compensa-tion, reimbursement, or other consideration exchanged or incidental economic benefit gained in the course of planning, operating, or supervising the flight), if the flight is— ‘‘(1) conducted for instructional or edu-cational purposes; and ‘‘(2) operated or supervised by a member of a community-based organization recognized pursuant to subsection (e). ‘‘(c) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue en-forcement action against persons operating model aircraft who endanger the safety of the national airspace system. ‘‘(d) C
OMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘commu-nity-based organization’ means an entity that— ‘‘(1) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(2) is exempt from tax under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(3) the mission of which is demonstrably the furtherance of model aviation; ‘‘(4) provides a comprehensive set of safety guidelines for all aspects of model aviation addressing the assembly and operation of model aircraft and that emphasize safe aeromodeling operations within the national airspace system and the protection and safe-ty of individuals and property on the ground; ‘‘(5) provides programming and support for any local charter organizations, affiliates, or clubs; and ‘‘(6) provides assistance and support in the development and operation of locally des-ignated model aircraft flying sites. ‘‘(e) R
ECOGNITION OF COMMUNITY -BASED OR-
GANIZATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall establish, and make available to the public, a process for recog-nizing community-based organizations that meet the eligibility criteria under subsection (d). ‘‘§ 45510. Carriage of property for compensa-tion or hire ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule authorizing the carriage of prop-erty by operators of small unmanned aircraft systems for compensation or hire within the United States. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The final rule required under subsection (a) shall provide for the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) S
MALL UAS AIR CARRIER CERTIFICATE .— The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, at the direction of the Sec-retary, shall establish a small UAS air car-rier certificate for persons that undertake directly, or by lease or other arrangement, the operation of small unmanned aircraft systems to carry property in air transpor-tation, including commercial fleet oper-ations with highly automated unmanned air-craft systems. The requirements to obtain a small UAS air carrier certificate shall— ‘‘(A) account for the unique characteristics of highly automated small unmanned air-craft systems; and ‘‘(B) include only those obligations nec-essary for the safe operation of small un-manned aircraft systems. ‘‘(2) SMALL UAS AIR CARRIER CERTIFICATION  
PROCESS .—The Administrator, at the direc-tion of the Secretary, shall establish a proc-ess for the issuance of a small UAS air car-rier certificate described in paragraph (1) that is streamlined, simple, performance- based, and risk-based. Such certification process shall consider— ‘‘(A) safety and the mitigation of oper-ational risks from highly automated small unmanned aircraft systems to the safety of other aircraft, and persons and property on the ground; ‘‘(B) the safety and reliability of highly automated small unmanned aircraft system design, including technological capabilities and operational limitations to mitigate such risks; and ‘‘(C) the competencies and compliance pro-grams of manufacturers, operators, and com-panies that both manufacture and operate small unmanned aircraft systems and com-ponents. ‘‘(3) S
MALL UAS AIR CARRIER CLASSIFICA -
TION.—The Secretary shall develop a classi-fication system for small unmanned aircraft systems air carriers to establish economic authority for the carriage of property by small unmanned aircraft systems for com-pensation or hire. Such classification shall only require— ‘‘(A) registration with the Department of Transportation; and ‘‘(B) a valid small UAS air carrier certifi-cate as described in paragraph (1). ‘‘§ 45511. Micro UAS operations ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall charter an aviation rulemaking advisory committee to develop recommendations for regulations under which any person may operate a micro un-manned aircraft system, the aircraft compo-nent of which weighs 4.4 pounds or less, in-cluding payload, without the person oper-ating the system being required to pass any airman certification requirement, including any requirements under section 44703, part 61 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, or any other rule or regulation relating to air-man certification. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing rec-ommendations for the operation of micro un-manned aircraft systems under subsection (a), the members of the aviation rulemaking advisory committee shall consider rules for operation of such systems— ‘‘(1) at an altitude of less than 400 feet above ground level; ‘‘(2) with an airspeed of not greater than 40 knots; ‘‘(3) within the visual line of sight of the operator; ‘‘(4) during the hours between sunrise and sunset; ‘‘(5) by an operator who has passed an aero-nautical knowledge and safety test adminis-tered by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion online specifically for the operation of micro unmanned aircraft systems, with such test being of a length and difficulty that ac-knowledges the reduced operational com-plexity and low risk of micro unmanned air-craft systems; ‘‘(6) not over unprotected persons unin-volved in its operation; and ‘‘(7) at least 5 statute miles from the geo-graphic center of a tower-controlled airport or airport denoted on a current Federal Aviation Administration-published aero-nautical chart, except that a micro un-manned aircraft system may be operated closer than 5 statute miles to the airport if the operator— ‘‘(A) provides prior notice to the airport operator; and ‘‘(B) receives, for a tower-controlled air-port, prior approval from the air traffic con-trol facility located at the airport. ‘‘(c) CONSULTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In developing rec-ommendations for recommended regulations under subsection (a), the aviation rule-making advisory committee shall consult with— ‘‘(A) unmanned aircraft systems stake-holders, including manufacturers of micro unmanned aircraft systems; ‘‘(B) community-based aviation organiza-tions; ‘‘(C) the Center of Excellence for Un-manned Aircraft Systems; and ‘‘(D) appropriate Federal agencies. ‘‘(2) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to an aviation rulemaking advisory committee chartered under this section. ‘‘(d) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of the recommenda-tions under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall issue regulations incorporating recommendations of the aviation rule-making advisory committee that provide for the operation of micro unmanned aircraft systems in the United States— ‘‘(1) without an airman certificate; and ‘‘(2) without an airworthiness certificate for the associated unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(e) S
COPE OF REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In determining whether a person may operate an unmanned aircraft system under 1 or more of the circumstances described under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b), the Administrator shall use a risk-based approach and consider, at a min-imum, the physical and functional charac-teristics of the unmanned aircraft system. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Administrator may only issue regulations under this section for unmanned aircraft systems that the Admin-istrator determines may be operated safely in the national airspace system pursuant to those regulations. ‘‘(f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(1) to prohibit a person from operating an unmanned aircraft system under a cir-cumstance described under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) if— ‘‘(A) the circumstance is allowed by regu-lations issued under this section; and ‘‘(B) the person operates the unmanned air-craft system in a manner prescribed by the regulations; or ‘‘(2) to limit or affect in any way the Ad-ministrator’s authority to conduct a rule-making, make a determination, or carry out any activity related to unmanned aircraft or unmanned aircraft systems under any other provision of law.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EPEALS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Sections 332(a), 332(b), 332(d), 333, 334, and 336 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) are repealed. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The items re-lating to sections 333, 334, and 336 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) in the table of contents contained in section 1(b) of that Act are re-pealed. (2) P
ENALTIES .—Section 46301 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3615 April 26, 2018 
(i) in paragraph (1)(A) by inserting ‘‘chap-ter 455,’’ after ‘‘chapter 451,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (5)(A)(i) by striking ‘‘or chapter 451,’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 451, chapter 455,’’; (B) in subsection (d)(2) by inserting ‘‘chap-ter 455,’’ after ‘‘chapter 451,’’; and (C) in subsection (f)(1)(A)(i) by striking ‘‘or chapter 451’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 451, or chapter 455’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for subtitle VII of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 453 the following: ‘‘455. Unmanned aircraft systems ......45501’’. 
SEC. 333. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT TEST RANGES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAM .—Section 332(c)(1) of the FAA Modernization and Re-form Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘the date that is 6 years after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthor-ization Act of 2018’’. (b) S
ENSE -AND-AVOID AND BEYOND LINE OF  S
IGHT SYSTEMS AT TESTRANGES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent consistent with aviation safety, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall permit and encourage flights of unmanned aircraft equipped with sense-and-avoid and beyond line of sight systems at the 6 test ranges designated under section 332(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. (2) W
AIVERS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Administrator may waive the re-quirements of section 44711 of title 49, United States Code, including related regulations, to the extent consistent with aviation safe-ty. (c) T
ESTRANGE DEFINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘test range’’ means a defined geographic area where research and development are conducted as authorized by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—Such term includes any of the 6 test ranges established by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion under section 332(c) of the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012, as in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this subsection, and any public entity au-thorized by the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration as an unmanned aircraft system flight test center before January 1, 2009. 
SEC. 334. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT SAFETY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the unauthorized operation of un-manned aircraft near airports presents a se-rious hazard to aviation safety; (2) a collision between an unmanned air-craft and a conventional aircraft in flight could jeopardize the safety of persons aboard the aircraft and on the ground; (3) Federal aviation regulations, including sections 91.126 through 91.131 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, prohibit unauthor-ized operation of an aircraft in controlled airspace near an airport; (4) Federal aviation regulations, including section 91.13 of title 14, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, prohibit the operation of an air-craft in a careless or reckless manner so as to endanger the life or property of another; (5) the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration should pursue all avail-able civil and administrative remedies avail-able to the Administrator, including refer-rals to other government agencies for crimi-nal investigations, with respect to persons who operate unmanned aircraft in an unau-thorized manner; (6) the Administrator should place par-ticular priority on continuing measures, in-cluding partnerships with nongovernmental organizations, to educate the public about the dangers to the public safety of operating unmanned aircraft near airports without the appropriate approvals or authorizations; and (7) manufacturers and retail sellers of small unmanned aircraft systems should take steps to educate consumers about the safe and lawful operation of such systems. SEC. 335. UAS PRIVACY REVIEW. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation, in consultation with the heads of ap-propriate Federal agencies, appropriate State and local officials, and subject-matter experts and in consideration of relevant ef-forts led by the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration, shall carry out a review to identify any po-tential reduction of privacy specifically caused by the integration of unmanned air-craft systems into the national airspace sys-tem. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the re-view, the Secretary shall consult with the National Telecommunications and Informa-tion Administration of the Department of Commerce on its ongoing efforts responsive to the Presidential memorandum titled ‘‘Promoting Economic Competitiveness While Safeguarding Privacy, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties in Domestic Use of Un-manned Aircraft Systems’’ and dated Feb-ruary 15, 2015. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 336. PUBLIC UAS OPERATIONS BY TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS. 
(a) P UBLIC UAS O PERATIONS BY TRIBAL  G
OVERNMENTS .—Section 40102(a)(41) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) An unmanned aircraft that is owned and operated by, or exclusively leased for at least 90 continuous days by, an Indian Tribal government, as defined in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122), except as provided in section 40125(b).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 40125(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D), or (F)’’. 
SEC. 337. EVALUATION OF AIRCRAFT REGISTRA-TION FOR SMALL UNMANNED AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) M ETRICS .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall develop and track metrics to assess compliance with and effec-tiveness of the registration of small un-manned aircraft systems by the Federal Aviation Administration pursuant to the in-terim final rule issued on December 16, 2015, entitled ‘‘Registration and Marking Require-ments for Small Unmanned Aircraft’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 78593) and any subsequent final rule, including metrics with respect to— (1) the levels of compliance with the in-terim final rule and any subsequent final rule; (2) the number of enforcement actions taken by the Administration for violations of or noncompliance with the interim final rule and any subsequent final rule, together with a description of the actions; and (3) the effect of the interim final rule and any subsequent final rule on compliance with any fees associated with the use of small unmanned aircraft systems. (b) E
VALUATION .—The Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall evaluate— (1) the Administration’s progress in devel-oping and tracking the metrics set forth in subsection (a); and (2) the reliability, effectiveness, and effi-ciency of the Administration’s registration program for small unmanned aircraft. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the In-spector General of the Department of Trans-portation shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing— (1) the results of the evaluation required under subsection (b); and (2) recommendations to the Administrator and Congress for improvements to the reg-istration process for small unmanned air-craft. 
SEC. 338. STUDY ON ROLES OF GOVERNMENTS RELATING TO LOW-ALTITUDE OPER-ATION OF SMALL UNMANNED AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall initiate a study on— (1) the regulation and oversight of the low- altitude operations of small unmanned air-craft and small unmanned aircraft systems; and (2) the appropriate roles and responsibil-ities of Federal, State, local, and Tribal gov-ernments in regulating and overseeing the operations of small unmanned aircraft in air-space 400 feet above ground level and below. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the study, the Inspector General shall consider, at a minimum— (1) the recommendations of Task Group 1 of the Drone Advisory Committee chartered by the Federal Aviation Administration on August 31, 2016; (2) the legal and policy requirements nec-essary for the safe and financially viable de-velopment and growth of the unmanned air-craft industry; (3) the interests of Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments affected by low-alti-tude operations of small unmanned aircraft; (4) the existing authorities of Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments to pro-tect the interests referenced in paragraph (3); (5) the degree of regulatory consistency re-quired for the safe and financially viable growth and development of the unmanned aircraft industry; (6) the degree of local variance possible among regulations consistent with the safe and financially viable growth and develop-ment of the unmanned aircraft industry; (7) the appropriate roles of State, local, and Tribal governments in regulating the op-erations of small unmanned aircraft within the lateral boundaries of their jurisdiction in the categories of airspace described in sub-section (a)(2); (8) the subjects and types of regulatory au-thority that should remain with the Federal Government; (9) the infrastructure requirements nec-essary for monitoring the low-altitude oper-ations of small unmanned aircraft and en-forcing applicable laws; (10) the number of small businesses in-volved in the various sectors of the un-manned aircraft industry and operating as primary users of small unmanned aircraft; and (11) any best practices, lessons learned, or policies of jurisdictions outside the United States relating to local or regional regula-tion and oversight of small unmanned air-craft and other emergent technologies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3616 April 26, 2018 
(c) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after initiating the study, the In-spector General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
SEC. 339. STUDY ON FINANCING OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a study on appropriate fee mechanisms to recover the costs of— (1) the regulation and safety oversight of unmanned aircraft and unmanned aircraft systems; and (2) the provision of air navigation services to unmanned aircraft and unmanned aircraft systems. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the study, the Comptroller General shall con-sider, at a minimum— (1) the recommendations of Task Group 3 of the Drone Advisory Committee chartered by the Federal Aviation Administration on August 31, 2016; (2) the total annual costs incurred by the Federal Aviation Administration for the reg-ulation and safety oversight of activities re-lated to unmanned aircraft; (3) the annual costs attributable to various types, classes, and categories of unmanned aircraft activities; (4) air traffic services provided to un-manned aircraft operating under instrument flight rules, excluding public aircraft; (5) the number of full-time Federal Avia-tion Administration employees dedicated to unmanned aircraft programs; (6) the use of privately operated UTM and other privately operated unmanned aircraft systems; (7) the projected growth of unmanned air-craft operations for various applications and the estimated need for regulation, oversight, and other services; (8) the number of small businesses involved in the various sectors of the unmanned air-craft industry and operating as primary users of unmanned aircraft; and (9) any best practices or policies utilized by jurisdictions outside the United States relat-ing to partial or total recovery of regulation and safety oversight costs related to un-manned aircraft and other emergent tech-nologies. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after initiating the study, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing recommendations on appropriate fee mechanisms to recover the costs of regu-lating and providing air navigation services to unmanned aircraft and unmanned aircraft systems. 
SEC. 340. UPDATE OF FAA COMPREHENSIVE PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall update the comprehensive plan developed pursuant to section 332 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) to develop a concept of operations for the inte-gration of unmanned aircraft into the na-tional airspace system. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the update, the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum— (1) the potential use of UTM and other technologies to ensure the safe and lawful operation of unmanned aircraft in the na-tional airspace system; (2) the appropriate roles, responsibilities, and authorities of government agencies and the private sector in identifying and report-ing unlawful or harmful operations and oper-ators of unmanned aircraft; (3) the use of models, threat assessments, probabilities, and other methods to distin-guish between lawful and unlawful oper-ations of unmanned aircraft; and (4) appropriate systems, training, intergov-ernmental processes, protocols, and proce-dures to mitigate risks and hazards posed by unlawful or harmful operations of unmanned aircraft systems. (c) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the update in consultation with representatives of the aviation industry, Federal agencies that employ unmanned air-craft systems technology in the national air-space system, and the unmanned aircraft systems industry. 
SEC. 341. COOPERATION RELATED TO CERTAIN COUNTER-UAS TECHNOLOGY. 
In matters relating to the use of systems in the national airspace system intended to mitigate threats posed by errant or hostile unmanned aircraft system operations, the Secretary of Transportation shall consult with the Secretary of Defense to streamline deployment of such systems by drawing upon the expertise and experience of the Depart-ment of Defense in acquiring and operating such systems consistent with the safe and ef-ficient operation of the national airspace system. TITLE IV—AIR SERVICE IMPROVEMENTS Subtitle A—Airline Customer Service Improvements 
SEC. 401. RELIABLE AIR SERVICE IN AMERICAN SAMOA. 
Section 40109(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2) by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) review the exemption at least every 30 days (or, in the case of an exemption that is necessary to provide and sustain air trans-portation in American Samoa between the islands of Tutuila and Manu’a, at least every 180 days) to ensure that the unusual cir-cumstances that established the need for the exemption still exist.’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) R
ENEWAL OF EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary may renew an exemption (including renewals) under this subsection for not more than 30 days. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may renew an exemption (including renewals) under this subsection that is necessary to provide and sustain air transportation in American Samoa between the islands of Tutuila and Manu’a for not more than 180 days. ‘‘(4) C
ONTINUATION OF EXEMPTIONS .—An ex- emption granted by the Secretary under this subsection may continue for not more than 5 days after the unusual circumstances that established the need for the exemption cease.’’. 
SEC. 402. CELL PHONE VOICE COMMUNICATION BAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 41725. Prohibition on certain cell phone voice communications ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall issue regulations— ‘‘(1) to prohibit an individual on an aircraft from engaging in voice communications using a mobile communications device dur-ing a flight of that aircraft in scheduled pas-senger interstate or intrastate air transpor-tation; and ‘‘(2) that exempt from the prohibition de-scribed in paragraph (1) any— ‘‘(A) member of the flight crew on duty on an aircraft; ‘‘(B) flight attendant on duty on an air-craft; and ‘‘(C) Federal law enforcement officer act-ing in an official capacity. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) F
LIGHT .—The term ‘flight’ means, with respect to an aircraft, the period beginning when the aircraft takes off and ending when the aircraft lands. ‘‘(2) M
OBILE COMMUNICATIONS DEVICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘mobile com-munications device’ means any portable wireless telecommunications equipment uti-lized for the transmission or reception of voice data. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The term ‘mobile com-munications device’ does not include a phone installed on an aircraft.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 41724 the following: ‘‘41725. Prohibition on certain cell phone voice communications.’’. 
SEC. 403. ADVISORY COMMITTEE FOR AVIATION CONSUMER PROTECTION. 
Section 411 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 42301 prec. note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) independent distributors of travel;’’; (2) in subsection (g) by striking ‘‘first 2 cal-endar years’’ and inserting ‘‘first 6 calendar years’’; and (3) in subsection (h) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 404. IMPROVED NOTIFICATION OF INSECTI-CIDE USE. 
Section 42303(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED DISCLOSURES .—An air car-rier, foreign air carrier, or ticket agent sell-ing, in the United States, a ticket for a flight in foreign air transportation to a country listed on the internet website estab-lished under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) disclose, on its own internet website or through other means, that the destination country may require the air carrier or for-eign air carrier to treat an aircraft passenger cabin with insecticides prior to the flight or to apply an aerosol insecticide in an aircraft cabin used for such a flight when the cabin is occupied with passengers; and ‘‘(2) refer the purchaser of the ticket to the internet website established under sub-section (a) for additional information.’’. 
SEC. 405. ADVERTISEMENTS AND DISCLOSURE OF FEES FOR PASSENGER AIR TRANS-PORTATION. 
(a) F ULLFAREADVERTISING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) F
ULLFAREADVERTISING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall not be an unfair or deceptive practice under subsection (a) for a covered entity to state in an advertisement or solicitation for passenger air transpor-tation the base airfare for the air transpor-tation if the covered entity clearly and sepa-rately discloses— ‘‘(A) the government-imposed fees and taxes associated with the air transportation; and ‘‘(B) the total cost of the air transpor-tation. ‘‘(2) F
ORM OF DISCLOSURE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3617 April 26, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the information described in para-graphs (1)(A) and (1)(B) shall be disclosed in the advertisement or solicitation in a man-ner that clearly presents the information to the consumer. ‘‘(B) I
NTERNET ADVERTISEMENTS AND SOLICI -
TATIONS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), with respect to an advertisement or solicitation for passenger air transportation that appears on an internet website or a mobile applica-tion, the information described in para-graphs (1)(A) and (1)(B) may be disclosed through a link or pop-up, as such terms may be defined by the Secretary, that displays the information in a manner that is easily accessible and viewable by the consumer. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the following definitions apply: ‘‘(A) B
ASE AIRFARE .—The term ‘base air-fare’ means the cost of passenger air trans-portation, excluding government-imposed fees and taxes. ‘‘(B) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘covered entity’ means an air carrier, including an in-direct air carrier, foreign air carrier, ticket agent, or other person offering to sell tickets for passenger air transportation or a tour or tour component that must be purchased with air transportation.’’. (2) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in the amendment made by paragraph (1) may be construed to affect any obligation of a person that sells air transpor-tation to disclose the total cost of the air transportation, including government-im-posed fees and taxes, prior to purchase of the air transportation. (3) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue final regulations to carry out the amendment made by paragraph (1). (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection, and the amendments made by this subsection, shall take effect on the earlier of— (A) the effective date of regulations issued under paragraph (3); and (B) the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) D
ISCLOSURE OF FEES.—Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) D
ISCLOSURE OF FEES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be an unfair or deceptive practice under subsection (a) for any air carrier, foreign air carrier, or ticket agent to fail to include, in an internet fare quotation for a specific itinerary in air transportation selected by a consumer— ‘‘(A) a clear and prominent statement that additional fees for checked baggage and carry-on baggage may apply; and ‘‘(B) a prominent link that connects di-rectly to a list of all such fees. ‘‘(2) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to derogate or limit any responsibilities of an air carrier, foreign air carrier, or ticket agent under sec-tion 399.85 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor provision.’’. 
SEC. 406. INVOLUNTARILY BUMPING PAS-SENGERS AFTER AIRCRAFT BOARDED. 
Section 41712 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) I
NVOLUNTARILY DENIED BOARDING  A
FTER AIRCRAFT BOARDED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be an unfair or deceptive practice under subsection (a) for an air carrier or foreign air carrier subject to part 250 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to involuntarily deplane a revenue passenger onboard an aircraft, if the revenue passenger— ‘‘(A) is traveling on a confirmed reserva-tion; and ‘‘(B) checked-in for the relevant flight prior to the check-in deadline. ‘‘(2) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the au-thority of an air carrier, foreign air carrier, or airman to remove a passenger in accord-ance with— ‘‘(A) section 91.3, 121.533(d), or 121.580 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor provision; or ‘‘(B) any other applicable Federal, State, or local law.’’. 
SEC. 407. AVAILABILITY OF CONSUMER RIGHTS INFORMATION. 
Section 42302(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘on the’’ and inserting ‘‘in a prominent place on the homepage of the pri-mary’’; (2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (3) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the air carrier’s customer service plan.’’. 
SEC. 408. CONSUMER COMPLAINTS HOTLINE. 
Section 42302 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) U
SE OF NEWTECHNOLOGIES .—The Sec- retary shall periodically evaluate the bene-fits of using mobile phone applications or other widely used technologies to provide new means for air passengers to commu-nicate complaints in addition to the tele-phone number established under subsection (a) and shall provide such new means as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 409. WIDESPREAD DISRUPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 423 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 42304. Widespread disruptions ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—In the event of a widespread disruption, a covered air car-rier shall immediately publish, via a promi-nent link on the air carrier’s public internet website, a clear statement indicating wheth-er, with respect to a passenger of the air car-rier whose travel is interrupted as a result of the widespread disruption, the air carrier will— ‘‘(1) provide for hotel accommodations; ‘‘(2) arrange for ground transportation; ‘‘(3) provide meal vouchers; ‘‘(4) arrange for air transportation on an-other air carrier or foreign air carrier to the passenger’s destination; and ‘‘(5) provide for sleeping facilities inside the airport terminal. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) W
IDESPREAD DISRUPTION .—The term ‘widespread disruption’ means, with respect to a covered air carrier, the interruption of all or the overwhelming majority of the air carrier’s systemwide flight operations, in-cluding flight delays and cancellations, as the result of the failure of 1 or more com-puter systems or computer networks of the air carrier. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED AIR CARRIER .—The term ‘cov-ered air carrier’ means an air carrier that provides scheduled passenger air transpor-tation by operating an aircraft that as origi-nally designed has a passenger capacity of 30 or more seats. ‘‘(c) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to modify, abridge, or repeal any obligation of an air carrier under section 42301.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 423 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘42304. Widespread disruptions.’’. SEC. 410. INVOLUNTARILY DENIED BOARDING COMPENSATION. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Trans-portation shall issue a final rule to revise part 250 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to clarify that— (1) there is not a maximum level of com-pensation an air carrier or foreign air carrier may pay to a passenger who is involuntarily denied boarding as the result of an oversold flight; (2) the compensation levels set forth in that part are the minimum levels of com-pensation an air carrier or foreign air carrier must pay to a passenger who is involuntarily denied boarding as the result of an oversold flight; and (3) an air carrier or foreign air carrier must proactively offer to pay compensation to a passenger who is voluntarily or involun-tarily denied boarding on an oversold flight, rather than waiting until the passenger re-quests the compensation. 
SEC. 411. CONSUMER INFORMATION ON ACTUAL FLIGHT TIMES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation shall conduct a study on the feasi-bility and advisability of modifying regula-tions contained in section 234.11 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to ensure that— (1) a reporting carrier (including its con-tractors), during the course of a reservation or ticketing discussion or other inquiry, dis-closes to a consumer upon reasonable re-quest the projected period between the ac-tual wheels-off and wheels-on times for a re-portable flight; and (2) a reporting carrier displays, on the pub-lic internet website of the carrier, informa-tion on the actual wheels-off and wheels-on times during the most recent calendar month for a reportable flight. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘reporting carrier’’ and ‘‘reportable flight’’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 234.2 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
SEC. 412. ADVISORY COMMITTEE FOR TRANS-PARENCY IN AIR AMBULANCE IN-DUSTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish an advisory committee to make rec-ommendations for a rulemaking— (1) to require air ambulance operators to clearly disclose charges for air transpor-tation services separately from charges for non-air transportation services within any invoice or bill; and (2) to provide other consumer protections for customers of air ambulance operators. (b) C
OMPOSITION OF THE ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—The advisory committee shall be composed of the following members: (1) The Secretary of Transportation. (2) 1 representative, to be appointed by the Secretary, of each of the following: (A) Each relevant Federal agency, as deter-mined by the Secretary. (B) Air ambulance operators. (C) State insurance regulators. (D) Health insurance providers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3618 April 26, 2018 
(E) Consumer groups. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The advisory com-mittee shall make recommendations with re-spect to each of the following: (1) Cost-allocation methodologies needed to ensure that charges for air transportation services are separated from charges for non- air transportation services. (2) Cost- or price-allocation methodologies to prevent commingling of charges for air transportation services and charges for non- air transportation services in bills and in-voices. (3) Formats for bills and invoices to ensure that customers and State insurance regu-lators can clearly distinguish between charges for air transportation services and charges for non-air transportation services. (4) Data or industry references related to aircraft operating costs to be used in deter-mining the proper allocation of charges for air transportation services and charges for non-air transportation services. (5) Guidance materials to instruct States, political subdivisions of States, and political authorities of 2 or more States on referring to the Secretary allegations of unfair or de-ceptive practices or unfair methods of com-petition by air ambulance operators. (6) Protections for customers of air ambu-lance operators, after consideration of the circumstances in which the services of air ambulance operators are used. (7) Protections of proprietary cost data from inappropriate public disclosure. (8) Such other matters as the Secretary de-termines necessary or appropriate. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the first meeting of the advisory committee, the advisory committee shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate a report containing the recommendations made under subsection (c). (e) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of the report under subsection (d), the Secretary shall consider the recommendations of the advisory com-mittee and issue a final rule— (1) to require air ambulance operators to clearly disclose charges for air transpor-tation services separately from charges for non-air transportation services within any invoice or bill; and (2) to provide other consumer protections for customers of air ambulance operators. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) A
IR AMBULANCE OPERATOR .—The term ‘‘air ambulance operator’’ means an air car-rier operating pursuant to part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, that provides medical, ambulance, or related services. (2) N
ON-AIR TRANSPORTATION SERVICES .— The term ‘‘non-air transportation services’’ means those services provided by air ambu-lance operators but not other air carriers op-erating pursuant to part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The advisory committee shall terminate on the date of submission of the report under subsection (d). (h) N
ATURE OF AIRAMBULANCE SERVICES .— The non-air transportation services of air ambulance operators and prices thereof are neither services nor prices of an air carrier for purposes of section 41713 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 413. AIR AMBULANCE COMPLAINTS. 
(a) C ONSUMER COMPLAINTS .—Section 42302 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing transportation by air ambulance)’’ after ‘‘air transportation’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, and an air ambulance op-erator,’’ after ‘‘passenger seats’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or operator’’ after ‘‘Inter-net Web site of the carrier’’; and (B) in paragraph (2) by inserting ‘‘or oper-ator’’ after ‘‘mailing address of the air car-rier’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) NOTICE TO PASSENGERS ON BOARDING OR  B
ILLING DOCUMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) A
IR CARRIERS AND FOREIGN AIR CAR -
RIERS .—An air carrier or foreign air carrier providing scheduled air transportation using any aircraft that as originally designed has a passenger capacity of 30 or more passenger seats shall include the hotline telephone number established under subsection (a) on— ‘‘(A) prominently displayed signs of the carrier at the airport ticket counters in the United States where the air carrier operates; and ‘‘(B) any electronic confirmation of the purchase of a passenger ticket for air trans-portation issued by the air carrier. ‘‘(2) A
IR AMBULANCE OPERATORS .—An air ambulance operator shall include the hotline telephone number established under sub-section (a) on any invoice, bill, or other com-munication provided to a passenger or cus-tomer of the operator.’’. (b) U
NFAIR AND DECEPTIVE PRACTICES AND  U
NFAIR METHODS OF COMPETITION .—Section 41712(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘air ambulance customer,’’ after ‘‘foreign air carrier,’’ the first place it appears; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In this subsection, the term ‘air carrier’ in-cludes an air ambulance operator and the term ‘air transportation’ includes any trans-portation provided by an air ambulance.’’. 
SEC. 414. PASSENGER RIGHTS. 
(a) G UIDELINES .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall require each air carrier to submit for approval a 1- page document that accurately describes the rights of passengers in air transportation, in-cluding guidelines for the following: (1) Compensation (regarding rebooking op-tions, refunds, meals, and lodging) for flight delays of various lengths. (2) Compensation (regarding rebooking op-tions, refunds, meals, and lodging) for flight cancellations. (3) Compensation for mishandled baggage, including delayed, damaged, pilfered, or lost baggage. (4) Voluntary relinquishment of a ticketed seat due to overbooking or priority of other passengers. (5) Involuntary denial of boarding and forced removal for whatever reason, includ-ing for safety and security reasons. (b) A
PPROVAL OF GUIDELINES .—Not later than 90 days after each air carrier submits its guidelines for approval to the Secretary under subsection (a), the air carrier shall make available such 1-page document on its website. Subtitle B—Aviation Consumers With Disabilities 
SEC. 441. SELECT SUBCOMMITTEE. 
Section 411 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 42301 prec. note), as amended by this Act, is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) S
ELECT SUBCOMMITTEE FOR AVIATION  C
ONSUMERS WITHDISABILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a select subcommittee of the advi-sory committee to advise the Secretary and the advisory committee on issues related to the air travel needs of passengers with dis-abilities. ‘‘(2) DUTIES .—The select subcommittee shall— ‘‘(A) identify the disability-related access barriers encountered by passengers with dis-abilities; ‘‘(B) determine the extent to which the programs and activities of the Department of Transportation are addressing the barriers identified under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) recommend consumer protection im-provements related to the air travel experi-ence of passengers with disabilities; ‘‘(D) advise the Secretary with regard to the implementation of section 41705 of title 49, United States Code; and ‘‘(E) conduct such other activities as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) C
OMPOSITION .—The select sub-committee shall be composed of members ap-pointed by the Secretary, including at least 1 individual representing each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) National disability organizations. ‘‘(ii) Air carriers and foreign air carriers with flights in air transportation. ‘‘(iii) Airport operators. ‘‘(iv) Contractor service providers. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—A member of the select subcommittee may also be a member of the advisory committee. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of establishment of the select subcommittee, the select subcommittee shall submit to the advisory committee and the Secretary a report on the air travel needs of passengers with disabilities that in-cludes— ‘‘(i) an assessment of existing disability-re-lated access barriers and any emerging dis-ability-related access barriers that will like-ly be an issue in the next 5 years; ‘‘(ii) an evaluation of the extent to which the programs and activities of the Depart-ment of Transportation are eliminating dis-ability-related access barriers; ‘‘(iii) a description of consumer protection improvements related to the air travel expe-rience of passengers with disabilities; and ‘‘(iv) any recommendations for legislation, regulations, or other actions that the select subcommittee considers appropriate. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the report under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a copy of the report, including any additional findings or recommendations that the Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(5) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary shall designate, from among the individuals ap-pointed under paragraph (3), an individual to serve as chairperson of the select sub-committee. ‘‘(6) V
ACANCIES AND TRAVEL EXPENSES .— Subsections (c) and (d) shall apply to the se-lect subcommittee. ‘‘(7) T
ERMINATION .—The select sub-committee established under this subsection shall terminate upon submission of the re-port required under paragraph (4)(A).’’. 
SEC. 442. AVIATION CONSUMERS WITH DISABIL-ITIES STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct a study that includes— (1) a review of airport accessibility best practices for individuals with disabilities, in-cluding best practices that improve infra-structure facilities and communications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3619 April 26, 2018 
methods, including those related to wayfinding, amenities, and passenger care; (2) a review of air carrier and airport train-ing policies related to section 41705 of title 49, United States Code; (3) a review of air carrier training policies related to properly assisting passengers with disabilities; and (4) a review of accessibility best practices that exceed those recommended under Public Law 90–480 (popularly known as the Archi-tectural Barriers Act of 1968; 42 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.), the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), the Air Carrier Access Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–435; 100 Stat. 1080 et seq.), and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Secretary of Transportation, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the study, including findings and recommendations. 
SEC. 443. FEASIBILITY STUDY ON IN-CABIN WHEELCHAIR RESTRAINT SYSTEMS. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board, aircraft manufacturers, and air carriers, shall conduct a study to de-termine— (1) the feasibility of in-cabin wheelchair re-straint systems; and (2) if feasible, the ways in which individ-uals with significant disabilities using wheelchairs, including power wheelchairs, can be accommodated with in-cabin wheel-chair restraint systems. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the initiation of the study under subsection (a), the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the findings of the study. 
SEC. 444. ACCESS ADVISORY COMMITTEE REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a no-tice of proposed rulemaking addressing— (1) accommodations for air travelers with disabilities with respect to in-flight enter-tainment; (2) accessible lavatories on single-aisle air-craft; and (3) service animals. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the notice of pro-posed rulemaking is issued, the Secretary shall publish a final rule based on such no-tice. Subtitle C—Small Community Air Service 
SEC. 451. ESSENTIAL AIR SERVICE AUTHORIZA-TION. 
Section 41742(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$150,000,000 for fiscal year 2011’’ and all that follows before ‘‘to carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘$153,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, $156,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, $159,000,000 for fiscal year 2020, $162,000,000 for fiscal year 2021, $165,000,000 for fiscal year 2022, and $168,000,000 for fiscal year 2023’’. 
SEC. 452. EXTENSION OF FINAL ORDER ESTAB-LISHING MILEAGE ADJUSTMENT ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 409(d) of the Vision 100—Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act (49 U.S.C. 41731 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 453. STUDY ON ESSENTIAL AIR SERVICE RE-FORM. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the effects of section 6 of the Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2011, Part IV (Pub-lic Law 112–27), section 421 of the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95), and other relevant Federal laws enacted after 2010, including the amend-ments made by those laws, on the Essential Air Service program. (2) S
COPE.—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall analyze, at a minimum— (A) the impact of each relevant Federal law, including the amendments made by each law, on the Essential Air Service pro-gram; (B) what actions communities and air car-riers have taken to reduce ticket prices or increase enplanements as a result of each law; (C) the issuance of waivers by the Sec-retary under section 41731(e) of title 49, United States Code; (D) whether budgetary savings resulted from each law; and (E) options for further reform of the Essen-tial Air Service program. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study conducted under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 454. SMALL COMMUNITY AIR SERVICE. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .—Section 41743(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) S
IZE.—On the date of submission of the relevant application under subsection (b), the airport serving the community or con-sortium— ‘‘(A) is not larger than a small hub airport, as determined using the Department of Transportation’s most recently published classification; and ‘‘(B) has— ‘‘(i) insufficient air carrier service; or ‘‘(ii) unreasonably high air fares.’’; (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘once,’’ and inserting ‘‘once in a 10-year period,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘at any time’’ after ‘‘dif-ferent project’’; and (3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (F) and (G), respec-tively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) the assistance will be used to help re-store scheduled passenger air service that has been terminated;’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 41743(e)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023 to carry out this section, of which $4,800,000 per fiscal year shall be used to carry out the pilot program established under subsection (i). Such sums shall remain available until expended.’’. (c) R
EGIONAL AIRTRANSPORTATION PILOT P
ROGRAM .—Section 41743 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) R
EGIONAL AIRTRANSPORTATION PILOT P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a regional air transportation pilot program to provide operating assistance to air carriers in order to provide air service to communities not receiving sufficient air car-rier service. ‘‘(2) GRANTS .—The Secretary shall provide grants under the program to encourage and maintain air service at reasonable airfares between communities that have experienced, as determined by the Secretary, significant declines in air service. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION REQUIRED .—In order to participate in the program, a State, local government, economic development author-ity, or other public entity shall submit to the Secretary an application, in a manner that the Secretary prescribes, that con-tains— ‘‘(A) an identification of an air carrier that has provided a written agreement to provide the air service in partnership with the appli-cant; ‘‘(B) assurances that the applicant will provide the non-Federal share and that the non-Federal share is not derived from airport revenue; ‘‘(C) a proposed route structure serving not more than 8 communities; and ‘‘(D) a timeline for commencing the air service to the communities within the pro-posed route structure. ‘‘(4) C
RITERIA FOR PARTICIPATION .—The Sec- retary may approve up to 3 applications each fiscal year, subject to the availability of funds, if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) the proposal of the applicant can rea-sonably be expected to encourage and im-prove levels of air service between the rel-evant communities; ‘‘(B) the applicant has adequate financial resources to ensure the commitment to the communities; ‘‘(C) the airports serving the communities are nonhub, small hub, or medium hub air-ports, as determined using the Department of Transportation’s most recently published classifications; and ‘‘(D) the air carrier commits to serving the communities for at least 2 years. ‘‘(5) P
RIORITIES .—The Secretary shall prioritize applications that— ‘‘(A) would initiate new or reestablish air service in communities where air fares are higher than the average air fares for all com-munities; ‘‘(B) are more likely to result in self-sus-taining air service at the end of the program; ‘‘(C) request a Federal share lower than 50 percent; and ‘‘(D) propose to use grant funds in a timely fashion. ‘‘(6) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of operating assistance provided under the program may not exceed 50 per-cent. ‘‘(7) S
UNSET .—This subsection shall cease to be effective on October 1, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 455. AIR TRANSPORTATION TO NON-ELIGIBLE PLACES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 41731(a)(1)(A)(ii) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Wendell H. Ford Aviation Invest-ment and Reform Act for the 21st Century,’’ and inserting ‘‘FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–190),’’. (b) P
ROGRAM SUNSET .—Section 41736 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) S
UNSET .— ‘‘(1) P
ROPOSALS .—No proposal under sub-section (a) may be accepted by the Secretary after the date of enactment of this sub-section. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM .—The Secretary may not provide any compensation under this section after the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this subsection.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3620 April 26, 2018 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 501. REVIEW OF FAA STRATEGIC CYBERSE-CURITY PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall initiate a review of the comprehensive and strategic framework of principles and policies (referred to in this section as the ‘‘framework’’) developed pur-suant to section 2111 of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 44903 note). (b) C
ONTENTS .—In undertaking the review under subsection (a), the Administrator shall— (1) assess the degree to which the frame-work identifies and addresses known cyber-security risks associated with the aviation system; (2) review existing short- and long-term ob-jectives for addressing cybersecurity risks to the national airspace system; and (3) assess the Administration’s level of en-gagement and coordination with aviation stakeholders and other appropriate agencies, organizations, or groups with which the Ad-ministration consults to carry out the framework. (c) U
PDATES .—Upon completion of the re-view under subsection (a), the Administrator shall modify the framework, as appropriate, to address any deficiencies identified by the review. (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after initiating the review required by subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review, including a description of any modifications made to the framework. 
SEC. 502. CONSOLIDATION AND REALIGNMENT OF FAA SERVICES AND FACILITIES. 
Section 804(a) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44501 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘The pur-pose of the report shall be—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(B) to reduce’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The purpose of the report shall be to re-duce’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) I
NPUT .—The report shall be prepared by the Administrator (or the Administra-tor’s designee) with the participation of— ‘‘(A) representatives of labor organizations representing air traffic control system em-ployees of the FAA; and ‘‘(B) industry stakeholders.’’. 
SEC. 503. FAA REVIEW AND REFORM. 
(a) A GENCY REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a detailed anal-ysis of any actions taken to address the find-ings and recommendations included in the report required under section 812(d) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 106 note), including— (1) consolidating, phasing-out, or elimi-nating duplicative positions, programs, roles, or offices; (2) eliminating or streamlining wasteful practices; (3) eliminating or phasing-out redundant, obsolete, or unnecessary functions; (4) reforming and streamlining inefficient processes so that the activities of the Ad-ministration are completed in an expedited and efficient manner; and (5) reforming or eliminating ineffectual or outdated policies. (b) ADDITIONAL REVIEW .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall undertake and complete a thorough review of each program, office, and organization within the Adminis-tration to identify— (1) duplicative positions, programs, roles, or offices; (2) wasteful practices; (3) redundant, obsolete, or unnecessary functions; (4) inefficient processes; and (5) ineffectual or outdated policies. (c) A
CTIONS TOSTREAMLINE AND REFORM  FAA.—Not later than 60 days after the date of completion of the review under subsection (b), the Administrator shall undertake such actions as may be necessary to address the findings of the Administrator under such subsection. (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of completion of the review under subsection (b), the Adminis-trator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the actions taken by the Administrator pursuant to subsection (c), including any recommendations for leg-islative or administrative actions. 
SEC. 504. AVIATION FUEL. 
(a) U SE OF UNLEADED AVIATION GASOLINE .— The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall allow the use of an un-leaded aviation gasoline in an aircraft as a replacement for a leaded gasoline if the Ad-ministrator— (1) determines that an unleaded aviation gasoline qualifies as a replacement for an ap-proved leaded gasoline; (2) identifies the aircraft and engines that are eligible to use the qualified replacement unleaded gasoline; and (3) adopts a process (other than the tradi-tional means of certification) to allow eligi-ble aircraft and engines to operate using qualified replacement unleaded gasoline in a manner that ensures safety. (b) T
IMING .—The Administrator shall adopt the process described in subsection (a)(3) not later than 180 days after the later of— (1) the date of completion of the Piston Aviation Fuels Initiative of the Administra-tion; or (2) the date of publication of an American Society for Testing and Materials Produc-tion Specification for an unleaded aviation gasoline. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Piston Aviation Fuels Ini-tiative of the Administration and the Amer-ican Society for Testing and Materials should work to find an appropriate unleaded aviation gasoline by January 1, 2024. 
SEC. 505. RIGHT TO PRIVACY WHEN USING AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEM. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall, upon request of a private aircraft owner or operator, block the registration number of the aircraft of the owner or operator from any public dissemi-nation or display, except in data made avail-able to a Government agency, for the non-commercial flights of the owner or operator. 
SEC. 506. AIR SHOWS. 
On an annual basis, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall work with representatives of Administra-tion-approved air shows, the general aviation community, and stadiums and other large outdoor events and venues to identify and re-solve, to the maximum extent practicable, scheduling conflicts between Administra-tion-approved air shows and large outdoor events and venues where— (1) flight restrictions will be imposed pur-suant to section 521 of title V of division F of Public Law 108–199 (118 Stat. 343); or (2) any other restriction will be imposed pursuant to Federal Aviation Administra-tion Flight Data Center Notice to Airmen 4/ 3621 (or any successor notice to airmen). SEC. 507. PART 91 REVIEW, REFORM, AND STREAMLINING. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall estab-lish a task force comprised of representa-tives of the general aviation industry who regularly perform part 91 operations, labor unions (including those representing FAA aviation safety inspectors and FAA aviation safety engineers), manufacturers, and the Government to— (1) conduct an assessment of the FAA over-sight and authorization processes and re-quirements for aircraft under part 91; and (2) make recommendations to streamline the applicable authorization and approval processes, improve safety, and reduce regu-latory cost burdens and delays for the FAA and aircraft owners and operators who oper-ate pursuant to part 91. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the assess-ment and making recommendations under subsection (a), the task force shall consider— (1) process reforms and improvements to allow the FAA to review and approve appli-cations in a fair and timely fashion; (2) the appropriateness of requiring an au-thorization for each experimental aircraft rather than using a broader all makes and models approach; (3) ways to improve the timely response to letters of authorization applications for air-craft owners and operators who operate pur-suant to part 91, including setting deadlines and granting temporary or automatic au-thorizations if deadlines are missed by the FAA; (4) methods for enhancing the effective use of delegation systems; (5) methods for training the FAA’s field of-fice employees in risk-based and safety man-agement system oversight; and (6) such other matters related to stream-lining part 91 authorization and approval processes as the task force considers appro-priate. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the task force’s assessment. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include an explanation of how the Administrator will— (A) implement the recommendations of the task force; (B) measure progress in implementing the recommendations; and (C) measure the effectiveness of the imple-mented recommendations. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall implement the recommendations made under this section. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) FAA.—The term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. (2) P
ART 91 .—The term ‘‘part 91’’ means part 91 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (f) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—Public Law 92–463 shall not apply to the task force. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3621 April 26, 2018 
(g) S UNSET .—The task force shall termi-nate on the day the Administrator submits the report required under subsection (c). 
SEC. 508. AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a rulemaking to increase the dura-tion of aircraft registrations for noncommer-cial general aviation aircraft to 10 years. 
SEC. 509. AIR TRANSPORTATION OF LITHIUM CELLS AND BATTERIES. 
(a) C OOPERATIVE EFFORTS TOENSURE COM-
PLIANCE WITHSAFETY REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation, in coordination with appropriate Federal agencies, shall carry out cooperative efforts to ensure that shippers who offer lith-ium ion and lithium metal batteries for air transport to or from the United States com-ply with U.S. Hazardous Materials Regula-tions and ICAO Technical Instructions. (2) C
OOPERATIVE EFFORTS .—The cooperative efforts the Secretary shall carry out pursu-ant to paragraph (1) include the following: (A) Encouraging training programs at loca-tions outside the United States from which substantial cargo shipments of lithium ion or lithium metal batteries originate for manufacturers, freight forwarders, and other shippers and potential shippers of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries. (B) Working with Federal, regional, and international transportation agencies to en-sure enforcement of U.S. Hazardous Mate-rials Regulations and ICAO Technical In-structions with respect to shippers who offer noncompliant shipments of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries. (C) Sharing information, as appropriate, with Federal, regional, and international transportation agencies regarding non-compliant shipments. (D) Pursuing a joint effort with the inter-national aviation community to develop a process to obtain assurances that appro-priate enforcement actions are taken to re-duce the likelihood of noncompliant ship-ments, especially with respect to jurisdic-tions in which enforcement activities his-torically have been limited. (E) Providing information in brochures and on the internet in appropriate foreign lan-guages and dialects that describes the ac-tions required to comply with U.S. Haz-ardous Materials Regulations and ICAO Technical Instructions. (F) Developing joint efforts with the inter-national aviation community to promote a better understanding of the requirements of and methods of compliance with U.S. Haz-ardous Materials Regulations and ICAO Technical Instructions. (3) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 2 years, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on compliance with the policy set forth in subsection (e) and the cooperative efforts carried out, or planned to be carried out, under this subsection. (b) L
ITHIUM BATTERY AIRSAFETY ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish, in accordance with the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), a lithium ion and lithium metal battery air safety advi-sory committee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’). (2) D
UTIES .—The Committee shall— (A) facilitate communication between manufacturers of lithium ion and lithium metal cells and batteries, manufacturers of products incorporating both large and small lithium ion and lithium metal batteries, air carriers, and the Federal Government re-garding the safe air transportation of lith-ium ion and lithium metal cells and bat-teries and the effectiveness and economic and social impacts of the regulation of such transportation; (B) provide the Secretary, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion with timely information about new lith-ium ion and lithium metal battery tech-nology and transportation safety practices and methodologies; (C) provide a forum for the Secretary to provide information on and to discuss the ac-tivities of the Department of Transportation relating to lithium ion and lithium metal battery transportation safety, the policies underlying the activities, and positions to be advocated in international forums; (D) provide a forum for the Secretary to provide information and receive advice on— (i) activities carried out throughout the world to communicate and enforce relevant United States regulations and the ICAO Technical Instructions; and (ii) the effectiveness of the activities; (E) provide advice and recommendations to the Secretary with respect to lithium ion and lithium metal battery air transportation safety, including how best to implement ac-tivities to increase awareness of relevant re-quirements and their importance to trav-elers and shippers; and (F) review methods to decrease the risk posed by air shipment of undeclared haz-ardous materials and efforts to educate those who prepare and offer hazardous materials for shipment via air transport. (3) MEMBERSHIP .—The Committee shall be composed of the following members: (A) Individuals appointed by the Secretary to represent— (i) large volume manufacturers of lithium ion and lithium metal cells and batteries; (ii) domestic manufacturers of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries or battery packs; (iii) manufacturers of consumer products powered by lithium ion and lithium metal batteries; (iv) manufacturers of vehicles powered by lithium ion and lithium metal batteries; (v) marketers of products powered by lith-ium ion and lithium metal batteries; (vi) cargo air service providers based in the United States; (vii) passenger air service providers based in the United States; (viii) pilots and employees of air service providers described in clauses (vi) and (vii); (ix) shippers of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries for air transportation; (x) manufacturers of battery-powered med-ical devices or batteries used in medical de-vices; and (xi) employees of the Department of Trans-portation, including employees of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration and the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration. (B) Representatives of such other Govern-ment departments and agencies as the Sec-retary determines appropriate. (C) Any other individuals the Secretary de-termines are appropriate to comply with Federal law. (4) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the establishment of the Committee, the Committee shall submit to the Sec-retary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— (i) describes and evaluates the steps being taken in the private sector and by inter-national regulatory authorities to imple-ment and enforce requirements relating to the safe transportation by air of bulk ship-ments of lithium ion cells and batteries; and (ii) identifies any areas of enforcement or regulatory requirements for which there is consensus that greater attention is needed. (B) INDEPENDENT STATEMENTS .—Each mem-ber of the Committee shall be provided an opportunity to submit an independent state-ment of views with the report submitted pur-suant to subparagraph (A). (5) M
EETINGS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall meet at the direction of the Secretary and at least twice a year. (B) P
REPARATION FOR ICAO MEETINGS .—Not- withstanding subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall convene a meeting of the Com-mittee in connection with and in advance of each meeting of the International Civil Avia-tion Organization, or any of its panels or working groups, addressing the safety of air transportation of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries to brief Committee members on positions to be taken by the United States at such meeting and provide Com-mittee members a meaningful opportunity to comment. (6) T
ERMINATION .—The Committee shall terminate on the date that is 6 years after the date on which the Committee is estab-lished. (7) T
ERMINATION OF FUTURE OF AVIATION AD -
VISORY COMMITTEE .—The Future of Aviation Advisory Committee shall terminate on the date on which the lithium ion battery air safety advisory committee is established. (c) M
EDICAL DEVICE BATTERIES .— (1) L
IMITED EXCEPTIONS TO RESTRICTIONS ON  
AIR TRANSPORTATION OF MEDICAL DEVICE BAT -
TERIES .—The Secretary shall issue limited exceptions to the restrictions on transpor-tation of lithium ion and lithium metal bat-teries to allow the shipment on a passenger aircraft of not more than 2 replacement bat-teries specifically used for a medical device if— (A) the intended destination of the bat-teries is not serviced daily by cargo aircraft if a battery is required for medically nec-essary care; and (B) with regard to a shipper of lithium ion or lithium metal batteries for medical de-vices that cannot comply with a charge limi-tation in place at the time, each battery is— (i) individually packed in an inner pack-aging that completely encloses the battery; (ii) placed in a rigid outer packaging; and (iii) protected to prevent a short circuit. (2) M
EDICAL DEVICE DEFINED .—ln this sub-section, the term ‘‘medical device’’ means an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, or in vitro reagent, in-cluding any component, part, or accessory thereof, which is intended for use in the di-agnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or preven-tion of disease, in a person. (3) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sub-section may be construed as expanding or re-stricting any authority of the Secretary under section 828 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note). (d) P
ACKAGING IMPROVEMENTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with interested stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an evalua-tion of current practices for the packaging of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3622 April 26, 2018 
lithium ion batteries and cells for air trans-portation, including recommendations, if any, to improve the packaging of such bat-teries and cells for air transportation in a safe, efficient, and cost-effective manner. (e) D
EPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION POL-
ICY ON INTERNATIONAL REPRESENTATION .—It shall be the policy of the Department of Transportation to support the participation of industry in all panels and working groups of the Dangerous Goods Panel of the Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization and any other international test or standard setting organization that considers proposals on the safety or transportation of lithium ion and lithium metal batteries in which the United States participates. (f) H
ARMONIZATION WITHICAO T ECHNICAL  I
NSTRUCTIONS .—Pursuant to section 828 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note), not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conform United States regulations on the air transport of lithium cells and batteries with the lithium cells and batteries requirements in the 2015–2016 edi-tion of the ICAO Technical Instructions (in-cluding all addenda), including the revised standards adopted by the International Civil Aviation Organization that became effective on April 1, 2016. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) ICAO 
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTIONS .—The term ‘‘ICAO Technical Instructions’’ has the meaning given that term in section 828(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note). (2) U.S. 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS REGULA -
TIONS .—The term ‘‘U.S. Hazardous Materials Regulations’’ means the regulations in parts 100 through 177 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (including amendments adopted after the date of enactment of this Act). 
SEC. 510. REMOTE TOWER PILOT PROGRAM FOR RURAL AND SMALL COMMUNITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish a pilot program under which, upon approval of an application submitted by an operator of a public-use airport, the Secretary shall in-stall and operate at the airport a remote air traffic control tower in order to assess the operational benefits of remote air traffic control towers. (b) A
PPLICATIONS .—The operator of an air-port seeking to participate in the pilot pro-gram shall submit to the Secretary for ap-proval an application that is in such form and contains such information as the Sec-retary may require. (c) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .— (1) S
ELECTION OF AIRPORTS .—From among the applications submitted under subsection (b), the Secretary, after consultation with representatives of labor organizations rep-resenting operators and employees of the air traffic control system, shall select for par-ticipation in the pilot program 7 airports as follows: (A) 1 nonhub, primary airport. (B) 3 nonprimary airports without existing air traffic control towers. (C) 2 airports with air traffic control tow-ers participating in a program established under section 47124 of title 49, United States Code. (D) 1 airport selected at the discretion of the Secretary. (2) P
RIORITY SELECTION .—In selecting from among the applications submitted under sub-section (b), the Secretary shall give priority to applicants that can best demonstrate the capabilities and potential of remote air traf-fic control towers, including applicants pro-posing to operate multiple remote air traffic control towers from a single facility. (3) AUTHORITY TO REALLOCATE AIRPORT SE -
LECTION .—If the Secretary receives an insuf-ficient number of applications, the Secretary may reallocate the distribution of airport sites described in paragraph (1). (d) S
AFETY RISKMANAGEMENT PANEL .— (1) S
AFETY RISK MANAGEMENT PANEL MEET -
ING.—Prior to the operational use of a re-mote air traffic control tower, the Secretary shall convene a safety risk management panel for the tower to address any safety issues with respect to the tower. (2) S
AFETY RISK MANAGEMENT PANEL BEST  
PRACTICES .—The safety risk management panels shall be created and utilized in a man-ner similar to that of safety risk manage-ment panels previously established for re-mote air traffic control towers, taking into account— (A) best practices that have been devel-oped; and (B) operational data from remote air traf-fic control towers located in the United States. (e) A
IRPORT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .—The pilot program shall be eligible for airport improvement funding under chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code. (f) P
OSSIBLE EXPANSION OF PROGRAM .—Not later than 30 days after the date that the first remote air traffic control tower is com-missioned, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall establish a re-peatable process by which future certified re-mote air traffic control tower systems may be commissioned at additional airports. (g) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (A) A
IR NAVIGATION FACILITY .—The term ‘‘air navigation facility’’ has the meaning given that term in section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code. (B) R
EMOTE AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER .— The term ‘‘remote air traffic control tower’’ means a remotely operated air navigation fa-cility, including all necessary system compo-nents, that provides the functions and capa-bilities of an air traffic control tower. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER DEFINITIONS .— The terms ‘‘nonhub airport’’, ‘‘primary air-port’’, and ‘‘public-use airport’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 47102 of title 49, United States Code. (h) S
UNSET .—The pilot program shall ter-minate on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 511. ENSURING FAA READINESS TO PRO-VIDE SEAMLESS OCEANIC OPER-ATIONS. 
Not later than September 30, 2018, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall make a final investment decision for the implementation of a reduced oceanic separation capability that, by March 31, 2019, shall be operational and in use providing capabilities at least equivalent to that offered in neighboring air-space, and such service shall be provided in the same manner as terrestrial surveillance is provided. 
SEC. 512. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING WOMEN IN AVIATION. 
It is the sense of Congress that the avia-tion industry should explore all opportuni-ties, including pilot training, science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics edu-cation, and mentorship programs, to encour-age and support female students and aviators to pursue a career in aviation. 
SEC. 513. OBSTRUCTION EVALUATION AERO-NAUTICAL STUDIES. 
The Secretary of Transportation may im-plement the policy set forth in the notice of proposed policy titled ‘‘Proposal to Consider the Impact of One Engine Inoperative Proce-dures in Obstruction Evaluation Aero-nautical Studies’’ published by the Depart-ment of Transportation on April 28, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 23300), only if the policy is adopted pursuant to a notice and comment rule-making and, for purposes of Executive Order 12866 (5 U.S.C. 601 note; relating to regu-latory planning and review), is treated as a significant regulatory action within the scope of section 3(f)(1) of such Order. SEC. 514. AIRCRAFT LEASING. 
Section 44112(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘on land or water’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘operational’’ before ‘‘con-trol’’. 
SEC. 515. REPORT ON OBSOLETE TEST EQUIP-MENT. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the National Test Equipment Program of the Federal Aviation Administration (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— (1) a list of all known outstanding requests for test equipment, cataloged by type and lo-cation, under the Program; (2) a description of the current method under the Program of ensuring calibrated equipment is in place for utilization; (3) a plan by the Administrator for appro-priate inventory of such equipment; (4) the Administrator’s recommendations for increasing multifunctionality in future test equipment and all known and foresee-able manufacturer technological advances; and (5) a plan to replace, as appropriate, obso-lete test equipment throughout the service areas. 
SEC. 516. PILOTS SHARING FLIGHT EXPENSES WITH PASSENGERS. 
(a) G UIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall make publicly available, in a clear and concise format, advisory guid-ance that describes how a pilot may share flight expenses with passengers in a manner consistent with Federal law, including regu-lations. (2) E
XAMPLES INCLUDED .—The guidance shall include examples of— (A) flights for which pilots and passengers may share expenses; (B) flights for which pilots and passengers may not share expenses; (C) the methods of communication that pi-lots and passengers may use to arrange flights for which expenses are shared; and (D) the methods of communication that pi-lots and passengers may not use to arrange flights for which expenses are shared. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which guidance is made publicly available under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report analyzing Federal policy with respect to pilots sharing flight expenses with passengers. (2) E
VALUATIONS INCLUDED .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of— (A) the rationale for such Federal policy; (B) safety and other concerns related to pi-lots sharing flight expenses with passengers; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3623 April 26, 2018 
(C) benefits related to pilots sharing flight expenses with passengers. 
SEC. 517. AVIATION RULEMAKING COMMITTEE FOR PART 135 PILOT REST AND DUTY RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall convene an aviation rule-making committee to review, and develop findings and recommendations regarding, pilot rest and duty rules under part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) D
UTIES .—The Administrator shall— (1) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report based on the findings of the aviation rulemaking committee; and (2) not later than 1 year after the date of submission of the report under paragraph (1), issue a notice of proposed rulemaking based on any consensus recommendations reached by the aviation rulemaking committee. (c) C
OMPOSITION .—The aviation rulemaking committee shall consist of members ap-pointed by the Administrator, including— (1) representatives of industry; (2) representatives of aviation labor orga-nizations, including collective bargaining units representing pilots who are covered by part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions, and subpart K of part 91 of such title; and (3) aviation safety experts with specific knowledge of flight crewmember education and training requirements under part 135 of such title. (d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Administrator shall direct the aviation rulemaking com-mittee to consider— (1) recommendations of prior part 135 rule-making committees; (2) accommodations necessary for small businesses; (3) scientific data derived from aviation-re-lated fatigue and sleep research; (4) data gathered from aviation safety re-porting programs; (5) the need to accommodate the diversity of operations conducted under part 135; and (6) other items, as appropriate. 
SEC. 518. METROPOLITAN WASHINGTON AIR-PORTS AUTHORITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority (in this section referred to as ‘‘MWAA’’), which operates Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport and Dulles International Airport by lease with the De-partment of Transportation, has routinely performed poorly on audits conducted by the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation; (2) the responsible stewardship of taxpayer- owned assets by MWAA is of great concern to Congress; (3) a March 20, 2015, audit conducted by the Inspector General titled ‘‘MWAA’s Office of Audit Does Not Have an Adequate Quality Assurance and Improvement Program’’ (Re-port No. ZA–2015–035) found that MWAA’s quality assurance and improvement program did not conform with the standards of the In-stitute of Internal Auditors; and (4) the Inspector General’s audit made 7 recommendations to strengthen MWAA gov-ernance, its Office of Audit, and its quality assurance and improvement program. (b) I
MPLEMENTING AUDIT RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall conduct a study on MWAA’s progress in imple-menting the recommendations of the audit referred to in subsection (a). (2) REPORT .—The Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the study, including the Inspector General’s findings, conclusions, and recommendations for strengthening and improving MWAA’s Office of Audit. 
SEC. 519. TERMINAL AERODROME FORECAST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall per-mit a covered air carrier to operate to or from a location in a noncontiguous State without a Terminal Aerodrome Forecast or Meteorological Aerodrome Report if— (1) such location is determined to be under visual meteorological conditions; (2) a current Area Forecast, supplemented by other local weather observations or re-ports, is available; and (3) an alternate airport that has an avail-able Terminal Aerodrome Forecast and weather report is specified. (b) P
ROCEDURES .—A covered air carrier shall— (1) have approved procedures for dispatch or release and enroute weather evaluation; and (2) operate under instrument flight rules enroute to the destination. (c) C
OVERED AIRCARRIER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered air carrier’’ means an air carrier operating in a non-contiguous State under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 520. FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION EMPLOYEES STATIONED ON GUAM. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration and the Secretary of De-fense should seek an agreement that would enable Federal Aviation Administration em-ployees stationed on Guam to have access to Department of Defense hospitals, com-missaries, and exchanges on Guam; (2) access to these facilities is important to ensure the health and well-being of Federal Aviation Administration employees and their families; and (3) in exchange for this access, the Federal Aviation Administration should make pay-ments to cover the applicable administrative costs incurred by the Department of Defense in carrying out the agreement. 
SEC. 521. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) A IRPORT CAPACITY ENHANCEMENT  P
ROJECTS AT CONGESTED AIRPORTS .—Section 40104(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 47176’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 47175’’. (b) P
ASSENGER FACILITY CHARGES .—Section 40117(a)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘charge or charge’’ and inserting ‘‘charge’’. (c) O
VERFLIGHTS OF NATIONAL PARKS .—Sec- tion 40128(a)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under part 91 of the title 14,’’ and inserting ‘‘under part 91 of title 14,’’. (d) P
LANS TOADDRESS NEEDS OF FAMILIES  
OFPASSENGERS INVOLVED IN FOREIGN AIR C
ARRIER ACCIDENTS .—Section 41313(c)(16) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘An assurance that the foreign air carrier’’ and inserting ‘‘An assurance that’’. (e) O
PERATIONS OF CARRIERS .—The analysis for chapter 417 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 41718 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘41718. Special rules for Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport.’’. (f) S
CHEDULES FOR CERTAIN TRANSPOR -
TATION OF MAIL.—Section 41902(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 41906’’ and inserting ‘‘section 41905’’. (g) WEIGHING MAIL.—Section 41907 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and -administrative’’ and inserting ‘‘and administrative’’. (h) S
TRUCTURES INTERFERING WITH AIR C
OMMERCE OR NATIONAL SECURITY .—Section 44718(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘air navigation facilities and equipment’’ and inserting ‘‘air or space navi-gation facilities and equipment’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (v) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vi) the impact on launch and reentry for launch and reentry vehicles arriving or de-parting from a launch site or reentry site li-censed by the Secretary of Transportation; and’’. (i) F
EES INVOLVING AIRCRAFT NOTPRO-
VIDING AIRTRANSPORTATION .—Section 45302 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘44703(f)(2)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘44703(g)(2)’’. (j) C
HAPTER 465.—The analysis for chapter 465 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking the following: ‘‘46503. Repealed.’’. (k) S
OLICITATION AND CONSIDERATION OF  C
OMMENTS .—Section 47171(l) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘4371’’ and inserting ‘‘4321’’. (l) A
DJUSTMENTS TO COMPENSATION FOR SIG-
NIFICANTLY INCREASED COSTS.—Section 426 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 is amended— (1) in subsection (a) (49 U.S.C. 41737 note) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Transportation’’; and (2) in subsection (c) (49 U.S.C. 41731 note) by striking ‘‘the Secretary may waive’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Transportation may waive’’. (m) A
IRCRAFT DEPARTURE QUEUE MANAGE -
MENT PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 507(a) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44505 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 48101(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 48101(a) of title 49, United States Code,’’. 
SEC. 522. APPLICATION OF VETERANS’ PREF-ERENCE TO FEDERAL AVIATION AD-MINISTRATION PERSONNEL MAN-AGEMENT SYSTEM. 
Section 40122(g)(2)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘3304(f),’’ before ‘‘3308- 3320’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘3330a, 3330b, 3330c, and 3330d,’’ before ‘‘relating’’. 
SEC. 523. PUBLIC AIRCRAFT ELIGIBLE FOR LOG-GING FLIGHT TIMES. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue regulations modi-fying section 61.51(j)(4) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, so as to include aircraft under the direct operational control of for-estry and fire protection agencies as public aircraft eligible for logging flight times. 
SEC. 524. FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION WORKFORCE REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review to assess the work-force and training needs of the Federal Avia-tion Administration (in this section referred to as the ‘‘FAA’’) in the anticipated budg-etary environment. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the review, the Comptroller General shall— (1) identify the long-term workforce and training needs of the FAA workforce; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3624 April 26, 2018 
(2) assess the impact of automation, digi-talization, and artificial intelligence on the FAA workforce; (3) analyze the skills and qualifications re-quired of the FAA workforce for successful performance in the current and future pro-jected aviation environment; (4) review current performance incentive policies of the FAA, including awards for performance; (5) analyze ways in which the FAA can work with industry and labor, including labor groups representing the FAA work-force, to establish knowledge-sharing oppor-tunities between the FAA and the aviation industry regarding new equipment and sys-tems, best practices, and other areas of in-terest; and (6) develop recommendations on the most effective qualifications, training programs (including e-learning training), and perform-ance incentive approaches to address the needs of the future projected aviation regu-latory system in the anticipated budgetary environment. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review. 
SEC. 525. STATE TAXATION. 
Section 40116(d)(2)(A) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) except as otherwise provided under section 47133, levy or collect a tax, fee, or charge, first taking effect after the date of enactment of this clause, upon any business located at a commercial service airport or operating as a permittee of such an airport that is not generally imposed on sales or services by that State, political subdivision, or authority unless wholly utilized for air-port or aeronautical purposes.’’. 
SEC. 526. AVIATION AND AEROSPACE WORK-FORCE OF THE FUTURE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) in 2016, United States air carriers car-ried a record high number of passengers on domestic flights, 719 million passengers; (2) the United States aerospace and defense industry employed 1.7 million workers in 2015, or roughly 2 percent of the Nation’s total employment base; (3) the average salary of an employee in the aerospace and defense industry is 44 per-cent above the national average; (4) in 2015, the aerospace and defense indus-try contributed nearly $202.4 billion in value added to the United States economy; (5) an effective aviation industry relies on individuals with unique skill sets, many of which can be directly obtained through ca-reer and technical education opportunities; and (6) industry and the Federal Government have taken some actions to attract qualified individuals to careers in aviation and aero-space and to retain qualified individuals in such careers. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) public and private education institu-tions should make available to students and parents information on approved programs of study and career pathways, including career exploration, work-based learning opportuni-ties, dual and concurrent enrollment oppor-tunities, and guidance and advisement re-sources; (2) public and private education institu-tions should partner with aviation and aero-space companies to promote career paths available within the industry and share in-formation on the unique benefits and oppor-tunities the career paths offer; (3) aviation companies, including air car-riers, manufacturers, commercial space com-panies, unmanned aircraft system compa-nies, and repair stations, should create op-portunities, through apprenticeships or other mechanisms, to attract young people to aviation and aerospace careers and to en-able individuals to gain the critical skills needed to thrive in such professions; and (4) the Federal Government should con-sider the needs of men and women interested in pursuing careers in the aviation and aero-space industry, the long-term personnel needs of the aviation and aerospace industry, and the role of aviation in the United States economy in the creation and administration of educational and financial aid programs. SEC. 527. FUTURE AVIATION AND AEROSPACE WORKFORCE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study— (1) to identify the factors influencing the supply of individuals pursuing a career in the aviation or aerospace industry; and (2) to identify best practices or programs to incentivize, recruit, and retain young peo-ple in aviation and aerospace professions. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Comptroller Gen-eral shall conduct the study in consultation with— (1) appropriate Federal agencies; and (2) the aviation and aerospace industry, in-stitutions of higher education, and labor stakeholders. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study and related rec-ommendations. 
SEC. 528. FAA LEADERSHIP ON CIVIL SUPER-SONIC AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall exer-cise leadership in the creation of Federal and international policies, regulations, and standards relating to the certification and safe and efficient operation of civil super-sonic aircraft. (b) E
XERCISE OF LEADERSHIP .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall— (1) consider the needs of the aerospace in-dustry and other stakeholders when creating policies, regulations, and standards that en-able the safe commercial deployment of civil supersonic aircraft technology and the safe and efficient operation of civil supersonic aircraft; and (2) obtain the input of aerospace industry stakeholders regarding— (A) the appropriate regulatory framework and timeline for permitting the safe and effi-cient operation of civil supersonic aircraft within United States airspace, including up-dating or modifying existing regulations on such operation; (B) issues related to standards and regula-tions for the type certification and safe oper-ation of civil supersonic aircraft, including noise certification, including— (i) the operational differences between sub-sonic aircraft and supersonic aircraft; (ii) costs and benefits associated with land-ing and takeoff noise requirements for civil supersonic aircraft, including impacts on aircraft emissions; (iii) public and economic benefits of the op-eration of civil supersonic aircraft and asso-ciated aerospace industry activity; and (iv) challenges relating to ensuring that standards and regulations aimed at relieving and protecting the public health and welfare from aircraft noise and sonic booms are eco-nomically reasonable, technologically prac-ticable, and appropriate for civil supersonic aircraft; and (C) other issues identified by the Adminis-trator or the aerospace industry that must be addressed to enable the safe commercial deployment and safe and efficient operation of civil supersonic aircraft. (c) INTERNATIONAL LEADERSHIP .—The Ad- ministrator, in the appropriate international forums, shall take actions that— (1) demonstrate global leadership under subsection (a); (2) address the needs of the aerospace in-dustry identified under subsection (b); and (3) protect the public health and welfare. (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report detail-ing— (1) the Administrator’s actions to exercise leadership in the creation of Federal and international policies, regulations, and standards relating to the certification and safe and efficient operation of civil super-sonic aircraft; (2) planned, proposed, and anticipated ac-tions to update or modify existing policies and regulations related to civil supersonic aircraft, including those identified as a re-sult of industry consultation and feedback; and (3) a timeline for any actions to be taken to update or modify existing policies and regulations related to civil supersonic air-craft. 
SEC. 529. OKLAHOMA REGISTRY OFFICE. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall consider the aircraft registry office in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as excepted during a Government shutdown or emergency (as it provides excepted serv-ices) to ensure that it remains open during any Government shutdown or emergency. 
SEC. 530. FOREIGN AIR TRANSPORTATION UNDER UNITED STATES-EUROPEAN UNION AIR TRANSPORT AGREEMENT. 
(a) C ERTAIN FOREIGN AIRTRANSPORTATION  P
ERMITS .—The Secretary of Transportation may not issue a permit under section 41302 of title 49, United States Code, or an exemption under section 40109 of such title, authorizing a person to provide foreign air transpor-tation as a foreign air carrier under the United States-European Union Air Transport Agreement of April 2007 (as amended) in a proceeding in which the applicability of Ar-ticle 17 bis of such Agreement has been raised by an interested person, unless the Secretary— (1) finds that issuing the permit or exemp-tion would be consistent with the intent set forth in Article 17 bis of the Agreement, that opportunities created by the Agreement do not undermine labor standards or the labor- related rights and principles contained in the laws of the respective parties to the Agree-ment; and (2) imposes on the permit or exemption such conditions as may be necessary to en-sure that the person complies with the in-tent of Article 17 bis. (b) P
UBLIC INTEREST TEST.—Section 41302(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘under an agreement with the United States Gov-ernment; or’’ and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘the foreign air transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘after considering the totality of the cir-cumstances, including the factors set forth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3625 April 26, 2018 
in section 40101(a), the foreign air transpor-tation’’. (c) P
UBLIC INTEREST REQUIREMENTS .— (1) P
OLICY .—Section 40101(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) preventing entry into United States markets by flag of convenience carriers.’’. (2) I
NTERNATIONAL AIR TRANSPORTATION .— Section 40101(e)(9) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E) by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) erosion of labor standards associated with flag of convenience carriers.’’. (3) F
LAG OF CONVENIENCE CARRIER DE -
FINED .—Section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(48) ‘flag of convenience carrier’ means a foreign air carrier that is established in a country other than the home country of its majority owner or owners in order to avoid regulations of the home country.’’. 
SEC. 531. TRAINING ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING FOR CERTAIN STAFF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 44737. Training on human trafficking for certain staff ‘‘In addition to other training require-ments, each air carrier shall provide train-ing— ‘‘(1) to ticket counter agents, gate agents, and other air carrier workers whose jobs re-quire regular interaction with passengers; and ‘‘(2) on recognizing and responding to po-tential human trafficking victims.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘44737. Training on human trafficking for certain staff.’’. 
SEC. 532. PART 107 IMPLEMENTATION IMPROVE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall publish a direct final rule— (1) revising section 107.205 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, by striking the sec-ond sentence of subsections (a) and (c); and (2) revising section 107.25 of such title by striking ‘‘and is not transporting another person’s property for compensation or hire’’. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF WAIVER .—In deter- mining whether to grant a waiver under part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to authorize transportation of another’s property for compensation or hire beyond the visual line of sight of the remote pilot, from a moving vehicle, or over people, the Administrator shall consider the techno-logical capabilities of the unmanned aircraft system, the qualifications of the remote pilot, and the operational environment. 
SEC. 533. PART 107 TRANSPARENCY AND TECH-NOLOGY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) T RANSPARENCY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall publish on the Federal Aviation Administration website a rep-resentative sample of the safety justifica-tions, offered by applicants for small un-manned aircraft system waivers and airspace authorizations, that have been approved by the Administration for each regulation waived or class of airspace authorized, ex-cept that any published justification shall not reveal proprietary or commercially sen-sitive information. (b) TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall revise the online waiver and certificates of authoriza-tion processes— (1) to provide real time confirmation that an application filed online has been received by the Administration; and (2) to provide an applicant with an oppor-tunity to review the status of the applicant’s application. 
SEC. 534. PROHIBITIONS AGAINST SMOKING ON PASSENGER FLIGHTS. 
Section 41706 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) E
LECTRONIC CIGARETTES .— ‘‘(1) I
NCLUSION .—The use of an electronic cigarette shall be treated as smoking for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) E
LECTRONIC CIGARETTE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘electronic cigarette’ means a device that delivers nicotine to a user of the device in the form of a vapor that is inhaled to simulate the experience of smoking.’’. 
SEC. 535. CONSUMER PROTECTION REQUIRE-MENTS RELATING TO LARGE TICKET AGENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a final rule to require large ticket agents to adopt minimum customer service standards. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the final rule shall be to ensure that, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, there is a consistent level of consumer protection regardless of where consumers purchase air fares and related air transportation services. (c) S
TANDARDS .—In issuing the final rule, the Secretary shall consider, at a minimum, establishing standards for— (1) providing prompt refunds when ticket refunds are due, including fees for optional services that consumers purchased but were not able to use due to a flight cancellation or oversale situation; (2) providing an option to hold a reserva-tion at the quoted fare without payment, or to cancel without penalty, for 24 hours; (3) disclosing cancellation policies, seating configurations, and lavatory availability with respect to flights; (4) notifying customers in a timely manner of itinerary changes; and (5) responding promptly to customer com-plaints. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing shall apply: (1) T
ICKET AGENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘ticket agent’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code. (B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘ticket agent’’ includes a person who acts as an inter-mediary involved in the sale of air transpor-tation directly or indirectly to consumers, including by operating an electronic airline information system, if the person— (i) holds the person out as a source of in-formation about, or reservations for, the air transportation industry; and (ii) receives compensation in any way re-lated to the sale of air transportation. (2) L
ARGE TICKET AGENT .—The term ‘‘large ticket agent’’ means a ticket agent with an-nual revenues of $100,000,000 or more. SEC. 536. FAA DATA TRANSPARENCY. 
Section 45303 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) D
ATATRANSPARENCY .— ‘‘(1) A
IR TRAFFIC SERVICES INITIAL DATA RE -
PORT .— ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, the Admin-istrator and the Chief Operating Officer of the Air Traffic Organization shall, based upon the most recently available full fiscal year data, complete the following calcula-tions for each segment of air traffic services users: ‘‘(i) The total costs allocable to the use of air traffic services for that segment during such fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) The total revenues received from that segment during such fiscal year. ‘‘(B) V
ALIDATION OF MODEL .— ‘‘(i) R
EVIEW AND DETERMINATION .—Not later than 3 months after completion of the initial report required under subparagraph (A), the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall review and determine the validity of the model used by the Admin-istrator and the Chief Operating Officer to complete the calculations required under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) V
ALIDATION PROCESS .—In the event that the Inspector General determines that the model used by the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer to complete the cal-culations required by subparagraph (A) is not valid— ‘‘(I) the Inspector General shall provide the Administrator and Chief Operating Officer recommendations on how to revise the model; ‘‘(II) the Administrator and the Chief Oper-ating Officer shall complete the calculations required by subparagraph (A) utilizing the revised model and resubmit the revised ini-tial report required under subparagraph (A) to the Inspector General; and ‘‘(III) not later than 3 months after com-pletion of the revised initial report required under subparagraph (A), the Inspector Gen-eral shall review and determine the validity of the revised model used by the Adminis-trator and the Chief Operating Officer to complete the calculations required by sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(iii) A
CCESS TO DATA .—The Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall provide the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation with unfettered access to all data produced by the cost accounting system operated and maintained pursuant to sub-section (e). ‘‘(C) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after completion of the review and receiving a determination that the model used is valid under subparagraph (B), the Ad-ministrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Ap-propriations, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report describing the results of the calculations completed under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(D) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 60 days after submission of the report required under subparagraph (C), the Administrator and Chief Operating Officer shall publish the ini-tial report, including any revision thereto if required as a result of the validation process for the model. ‘‘(2) A
IR TRAFFIC SERVICES BIENNIAL DATA  
REPORTING .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3626 April 26, 2018 
‘‘(A) B IENNIAL DATA REPORTING .—Not later than March 31, 2019, and biennially there-after for 8 years, the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall, using the vali-dated model, complete the following calcula-tions for each segment of air traffic services users for the most recent full fiscal year: ‘‘(i) The total costs allocable to the use of the air traffic services for that segment. ‘‘(ii) The total revenues received from that segment. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 15 days after completing the calculations under subparagraph (A), the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall com-plete and submit to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate a report containing the results of such calculations. ‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 60 days after completing the calculations pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer shall publish the results of such calculations. ‘‘(3) S
EGMENTS OF AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES  
USERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, each of the following shall con-stitute a separate segment of air traffic serv-ices users: ‘‘(i) Passenger air carriers conducting oper-ations under part 121 of title 14, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. ‘‘(ii) All-cargo air carriers conducting op-erations under part 121 of such title. ‘‘(iii) Operators covered by part 125 of such title. ‘‘(iv) Air carriers and operators of piston- engine aircraft operating under part 135 of such title. ‘‘(v) Air carriers and operators of turbine- engine aircraft operating under part 135 of such title. ‘‘(vi) Foreign air carriers providing pas-senger air transportation. ‘‘(vii) Foreign air carriers providing all- cargo air transportation. ‘‘(viii) Operators of turbine-engine aircraft operating under part 91 of such title, exclud-ing those operating under subpart (K) of such part. ‘‘(ix) Operators of piston-engine aircraft operating under part 91 of such title, exclud-ing those operating under subpart (K) of such part. ‘‘(x) Operators covered by subpart (K) of part 91 of such title. ‘‘(xi) Operators covered by part 133 of such title. ‘‘(xii) Operators covered by part 136 of such title. ‘‘(xiii) Operators covered by part 137 of such title. ‘‘(xiv) Operators of public aircraft that qualify under section 40125. ‘‘(xv) Operators of aircraft that neither take off from, nor land in, the United States. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL SEGMENTS .—The Sec-retary may identify and include additional segments of air traffic users under paragraph (A) as revenue and air traffic services cost data becomes available for that additional segment of air traffic services users. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) A
IR TRAFFIC SERVICES .—The term ‘air traffic services’ means services— ‘‘(i) used for the monitoring, directing, control, and guidance of aircraft or flows of aircraft and for the safe conduct of flight, in-cluding communications, navigation, and surveillance services and provision of aero-nautical information; and ‘‘(ii) provided directly, or contracted for, by the Federal Aviation Administration. ‘‘(B) AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES USER .—The term ‘air traffic services user’ means any in-dividual or entity using air traffic services provided directly, or contracted for, by the Federal Aviation Administration within United States airspace or international air-space delegated to the United States.’’. 
SEC. 537. AGENCY PROCUREMENT REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 40110(d) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL REPORT ON THE PURCHASE OF  
FOREIGN MANUFACTURED ARTICLES .— ‘‘(A) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a report to Con-gress on the dollar amount of the acquisi-tions made by the agency from entities that manufacture the articles, materials, or sup-plies outside of the United States in such fis-cal year. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall separately indicate— ‘‘(i) the dollar value of any articles, mate-rials, or supplies purchased that were manu-factured outside of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) a summary of the total procurement funds spent on goods manufactured in the United States versus funds spent on goods manufactured outside of the United States. ‘‘(C) A
VAILABILITY OF REPORT .—The Sec- retary shall make the report under subpara-graph (A) publicly available on the agency’s website not later than 30 days after submis-sion to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 538. ZERO-EMISSION VEHICLES AND TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) P ASSENGER FACILITY CHARGE ELIGI-
BILITY .—Section 40117(a)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) A project for— ‘‘(i) converting or retrofitting vehicles and ground support equipment into eligible zero- emission vehicles and equipment (as defined in section 47102); or ‘‘(ii) acquiring, by purchase or lease, eligi-ble zero-emission vehicles and equipment (as defined in section 47102).’’. (b) A
IRPORT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ELIGI-
BILITY .— (1) A
IRPORT DEVELOPMENT DEFINED .—Sec- tion 47102(3) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) converting or retrofitting vehicles and ground support equipment into eligible zero- emission vehicles and equipment or acquir-ing, by purchase or lease, eligible zero-emis-sion vehicles and equipment. ‘‘(Q) constructing or modifying airport fa-cilities to install a microgrid in order to pro-vide increased resilience to severe weather, terrorism, and other causes of grid fail-ures.’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—Section 47102 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(30) ‘eligible zero-emission vehicle and equipment’ means a zero-emission vehicle, equipment related to such a vehicle, and ground support equipment that includes zero-emission technology that is— ‘‘(A) used exclusively at a commercial service airport; or ‘‘(B) used exclusively to transport people or materials to and from a commercial serv-ice airport. ‘‘(31) ‘microgrid’ means a localized group-ing of electricity sources and loads that nor-mally operates connected to and syn-chronous with the traditional centralized electrical grid, but can disconnect and func-tion autonomously as physical or economic conditions dictate. ‘‘(32) ‘zero-emission vehicle’ means a zero- emission vehicle as defined in section 88.102– 94 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or a vehicle that produces zero exhaust emis-sions of any criteria pollutant (or precursor pollutant) under any possible operational modes and conditions.’’. (3) SPECIAL APPORTIONMENT CATEGORIES .— Section 47117(e)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘for airport development described in section 47102(3)(P),’’ after ‘‘under section 47141,’’. (c) Z
ERO-EMISSION PROGRAM .—Chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking section 47136; (2) by redesignating section 47136a as sec-tion 47136; and (3) in section 47136, as so redesignated, by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may establish a pilot program under which the sponsors of not less than 10 public-use airports may use funds made available under this chapter or section 48103 for use at such airports to carry out— ‘‘(1) activities associated with the acquisi-tion, by purchase or lease, and operation of zero-emission vehicles, including removable power sources for such vehicles; and ‘‘(2) the construction or modification of in-frastructure to facilitate the delivery of fuel and services necessary for the use of such ve-hicles. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—A public-use airport is eligible for participation in the program if the vehicles or ground support equipment are— ‘‘(1) used exclusively at the airport; or ‘‘(2) used exclusively to transport people or materials to and from the airport.’’; (4) in section 47136, as so redesignated, by striking subsections (d) and (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out under the program shall be the Federal share specified in section 47109. ‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The sponsor of a public- use airport may use not more than 10 percent of the amounts made available to the spon-sor under the program in any fiscal year for— ‘‘(A) technical assistance; and ‘‘(B) project management support to assist the airport with the solicitation, acquisition, and deployment of zero-emission vehicles, related equipment, and supporting infra-structure. ‘‘(2) P
ROVIDERS OF TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— To receive the technical assistance or project management support described in paragraph (1), participants in the program may use— ‘‘(A) a nonprofit organization selected by the Secretary; or ‘‘(B) a university transportation center re-ceiving grants under section 5505 in the re-gion of the airport.’’; (5) in section 47136, as so redesignated, in subsection (f) by striking ‘‘section 47136’’ and inserting ‘‘the inherently low emission air-port vehicle pilot program’’; and (6) in section 47136, as so redesignated, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
LLOWABLE PROJECT COST.—The al- lowable project cost for the acquisition of a zero-emission vehicle shall be the total cost of purchasing or leasing the vehicle, includ-ing the cost of technical assistance or project management support described in subsection (e). ‘‘(h) F
LEXIBLE PROCUREMENT .—A sponsor of a public-use airport may use funds made available under the program to acquire, by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3627 April 26, 2018 
purchase or lease, a zero-emission vehicle and a removable power source in separate transactions, including transactions by which the airport purchases the vehicle and leases the removable power source. ‘‘(i) T
ESTING REQUIRED .—A sponsor of a public-use airport may not use funds made available under the program to acquire a zero-emission vehicle unless that make, model, or type of vehicle has been tested by a Federal vehicle testing facility acceptable to the Secretary. ‘‘(j) R
EMOVABLE POWER SOURCE DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘removable power source’ means a power source that is sepa-rately installed in, and removable from, a zero-emission vehicle and may include a bat-tery, a fuel cell, an ultra-capacitor, or other advanced power source used in a zero-emis-sion vehicle.’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relat-ing to sections 47136 and 47136a and inserting the following: ‘‘47136. Zero-emission airport vehicles and in-frastructure.’’. 
SEC. 539. EMPLOYEE ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each air carrier operating under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (in this sec-tion referred to as a ‘‘part 121 air carrier’’), shall submit to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration for review and acceptance an Employee Assault Preven-tion and Response Plan related to the cus-tomer service agents of the air carrier and that is developed in consultation with the labor union representing such agents. (b) C
ONTENTS OF PLAN.—An Employee As-sault Prevention and Response Plan sub-mitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Reporting protocols for air carrier cus-tomer service agents who have been the vic-tim of a verbal or physical assault. (2) Protocols for the immediate notifica-tion of law enforcement after an incident of verbal or physical assault committed against an air carrier customer service agent. (3) Protocols for informing Federal law en-forcement with respect to violations of sec-tion 46503 of title 49, United States Code. (4) Protocols for ensuring that a passenger involved in a violent incident with a cus-tomer service agent of an air carrier is not allowed to move through airport security or board an aircraft until appropriate law en-forcement has had an opportunity to assess the incident and take appropriate action. (5) Protocols for air carriers to inform pas-sengers of Federal laws protecting Federal, airport, and air carrier employees who have security duties within an airport. (c) E
MPLOYEE TRAINING .—A part 121 air carrier shall conduct initial and recurrent training for all employees, including man-agement, of the air carrier with respect to the plan required under subsection (a), which shall include training on de-escalating hos-tile situations, written protocols on dealing with hostile situations, and the reporting of relevant incidents. 
SEC. 540. STUDY ON TRAINING OF CUSTOMER- FACING AIR CARRIER EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall conduct a study on the training received by customer- facing employees of air carriers. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall include— (1) an analysis of the training received by customer-facing employees with respect to the management of disputes on aircraft; and (2) an examination of how institutions of higher learning, in coordination with air car-riers, customer-facing employees and their representatives, consumer advocacy organi-zations, and other stakeholders, could— (A) review such training and related prac-tices; (B) produce recommendations; and (C) if determined appropriate, provide sup-plemental training. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
SEC. 541. MINIMUM DIMENSIONS FOR PAS-SENGER SEATS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and after providing notice and an opportunity for comment, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue regula-tions that establish minimum dimensions for passenger seats on aircraft operated by air carriers in interstate air transportation or intrastate air transportation, including minimums for seat pitch, width, and length, and that are necessary for the safety and health of passengers. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—The definitions contained in section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code, apply to this section. 
SEC. 542. STUDY OF GROUND TRANSPORTATION OPTIONS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that examines the ground transportation op-tions at the Nation’s 10 busiest airports in order to— (1) understand the impact of new and emerging transportation options for trav-elers to get into and out of airports; (2) determine whether it is appropriate to use airport improvement funds and revenues from passenger facility charges to address traffic congestion and passenger travel times between urban commercial centers and air-ports; and (3) review guidelines and requirements for airport improvement funds and passenger fa-cility charges to determine under what con-ditions such funds may be used to address traffic congestion in urban commercial cen-ters for travel to airports. TITLE VI—DISASTER RECOVERY REFORM ACT 
SEC. 601. APPLICABILITY. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, the amendments in this title to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) apply to each major disaster and emergency de-clared by the President on or after August 1, 2017, under such Act. 
SEC. 602. STATE DEFINED. 
In this title, the term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102(4) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(4)). 
SEC. 603. WILDFIRE PREVENTION. 
(a) M ITIGATION ASSISTANCE .—Section 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5187) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) H
AZARD MITIGATION ASSISTANCE .— Whether or not a major disaster is declared, the President may provide hazard mitigation assistance in accordance with section 404 in any area affected by a fire for which assist-ance was provided under this section.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 404(a) (42 U.S.C. 5170c(a)) (as amended by section 636(a) of this Act)— (A) by inserting before the first period ‘‘, or any area affected by a fire for which as-sistance was provided under section 420’’; and (B) in the third sentence by inserting ‘‘or event under section 420’’ after ‘‘major dis-aster’’ each place it appears; and (2) in section 322(e)(1) (42 U.S.C. 5165(e)(1)), by inserting ‘‘or event under section 420’’ after ‘‘major disaster’’ each place it appears. (c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Appropriations Committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing a sum-mary of any projects carried out, and any funding provided to those projects, under subsection (d) of section 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5187) (as amended by this section). 
SEC. 604. ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
Section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) U
SE OF ASSISTANCE .—Recipients of haz-ard mitigation assistance provided under this section and section 203 may use the as-sistance to conduct activities to help reduce the risk of future damage, hardship, loss, or suffering in any area affected by a wildfire or windstorm, including— ‘‘(1) reseeding ground cover with quick- growing or native species; ‘‘(2) mulching with straw or chipped wood; ‘‘(3) constructing straw, rock, or log dams in small tributaries to prevent flooding; ‘‘(4) placing logs and other erosion barriers to catch sediment on hill slopes; ‘‘(5) installing debris traps to modify road and trail drainage mechanisms; ‘‘(6) modifying or removing culverts to allow drainage to flow freely; ‘‘(7) adding drainage dips and constructing emergency spillways to keep roads and bridges from washing out during floods; ‘‘(8) planting grass to prevent the spread of noxious weeds; ‘‘(9) installing warning signs; ‘‘(10) establishing defensible space meas-ures; ‘‘(11) reducing hazardous fuels; and ‘‘(12) windstorm damage, including replac-ing or installing electrical transmission or distribution utility pole structures with poles that are resilient to extreme wind and combined ice and wind loadings for the basic wind speeds and ice conditions associated with the relevant location.’’. 
SEC. 605. ELIGIBILITY FOR CODE IMPLEMENTA-TION AND ENFORCEMENT. 
Section 406(a)(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(a)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (B); (2) by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (C) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) base and overtime wages for extra hires to facilitate the implementation and enforcement of adopted building codes for a period of not more than 180 days after the major disaster is declared.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3628 April 26, 2018 
SEC. 606. PROGRAM IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) H AZARD MITIGATION .—Section 406(c) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘90 per-cent of’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘75 per-cent of’’. (b) P
ARTICIPATION .—Section 428(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5189f) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘Participation in’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
O CONDITIONS .—The President may not condition the provision of Federal assist-ance under this Act on the election by a State, Tribal, or local government, or owner or operator of a private nonprofit facility to participate in the alternative procedures adopted under this section.’’. (c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Section 428(e)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5189f(e)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) once certified by a professionally li-censed engineer and accepted by the Admin-istrator, the estimates on which grants made pursuant to this section are based shall be presumed to be reasonable and eligible costs, as long as there is no evidence of fraud.’’. 
SEC. 607. PRIORITIZATION OF FACILITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall provide guidance and training on an an-nual basis to State, Tribal, and local govern-ments, first responders, and utility compa-nies on— (1) the need to prioritize assistance to hos-pitals, nursing homes, and other long-term care facilities to ensure that such health care facilities remain functioning or return to functioning as soon as practicable during power outages caused by natural hazards, in-cluding severe weather events; and (2) how hospitals, nursing homes and other long-term care facilities should adequately prepare for power outages during a major disaster or emergency. 
SEC. 608. GUIDANCE ON EVACUATION ROUTES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) I
DENTIFICATION .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, shall develop and issue guidance for State, local, and Tribal governments regarding the identification of evacuation routes. (2) G
UIDANCE .—The Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, in coordi-nation with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, shall re-vise existing guidance or issue new guidance as appropriate for State, local, and Tribal governments regarding the design, construc-tion, maintenance, and repair of evacuation routes. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .— (1) I
DENTIFICATION .—In developing the guidance under subsection (a)(1), the Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency shall consider— (A) whether evacuation routes have re-sisted impacts and recovered quickly from disasters, regardless of cause; (B) the need to evacuate special needs pop-ulations, including— (i) individuals with a physical or mental disability; (ii) individuals in schools, daycare centers, mobile home parks, prisons, nursing homes and other long-term care facilities, and de-tention centers; (iii) individuals with limited-English pro-ficiency; (iv) the elderly; and (v) individuals who are tourists, seasonal workers, or homeless; (C) the sharing of information and other public communications with evacuees during evacuations; (D) the sheltering of evacuees, including the care, protection, and sheltering of ani-mals; (E) the return of evacuees to their homes; and (F) such other items the Administrator considers appropriate. (2) DESIGN , CONSTRUCTION , MAINTENANCE , 
AND REPAIR .—In revising or issuing guidance under (a)(2), the Administrator of the Fed-eral Highway Administration shall con-sider— (A) methods that assist evacuation routes to— (i) withstand likely risks to viability, in-cluding flammability and hydrostatic forces; (ii) improve durability, strength (including the ability to withstand tensile stresses and compressive stresses), and sustainability; and (iii) provide for long-term cost savings; (B) the ability of evacuation routes to ef-fectively manage contraflow operations; (C) for evacuation routes on public lands, the viewpoints of the applicable Federal land management agency regarding emergency operations, sustainability, and resource pro-tection; and (D) such other items the Administrator considers appropriate. 
SEC. 609. DUPLICATION OF BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 312(b) of the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) W
AIVER OF GENERAL PROHIBITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive the general prohibition provided in subsection (a) upon request of a Governor on behalf of the State or on behalf of a person, business concern, or any other entity suf-fering losses as a result of a major disaster or emergency, if the President finds such waiver is in the public interest and will not result in waste, fraud, or abuse. In making this decision, the President may consider the following: ‘‘(i) The recommendations of the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency made in consultation with the Federal agency or agencies administering the duplicative program. ‘‘(ii) If a waiver is granted, the assistance to be funded is cost effective. ‘‘(iii) Equity and good conscience. ‘‘(iv) Other matters of public policy consid-ered appropriate by the President. ‘‘(B) G
RANT OR DENIAL OF WAIVER .—A re- quest under subparagraph (A) shall be grant-ed or denied not later than 45 days after sub-mission of such request. ‘‘(C) P
ROHIBITION ON DETERMINATION THAT  
LOAN IS A DUPLICATION .—Notwithstanding subsection (c), in carrying out subparagraph (A), the President may not determine that a loan is a duplication of assistance, provided that all Federal assistance is used toward a loss suffered as a result of the major disaster or emergency.’’. (b) F
UNDING OF A FEDERALLY AUTHORIZED  W
ATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT PROJECT .— (1) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Notwithstanding section 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155) and its implementing regula-tions, assistance provided pursuant to sec-tion 404 of such Act may be used to fund ac-tivities authorized for construction within the scope of a federally authorized water re-sources development project of the Army Corps of Engineers if such activities are also eligible activities under such section. (2) FEDERAL FUNDING .—All Federal funding provided under section 404 pursuant to this section shall be applied toward the Federal share of such project. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL MATCH .—All non-Federal matching funds required under section 404 pursuant to this section shall be applied to-ward the non-Federal share of such project. (4) T
OTAL FEDERAL SHARE .—Funding pro-vided under section 404 pursuant to this sec-tion may not exceed the total Federal share for such project. (5) N
O EFFECT .—Nothing in this section shall— (A) affect the cost-share requirement of a hazard mitigation measure under section 404; (B) affect the eligibility criteria for a haz-ard mitigation measure under section 404; (C) affect the cost share requirements of a federally authorized water resources devel-opment project; and (D) affect the responsibilities of a non-Fed-eral interest with respect to the project, in-cluding those related to the provision of lands, easements, rights-of-way, dredge ma-terial disposal areas, and necessary reloca-tions. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to each disaster and emergency de-clared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) after January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 610. STATE ADMINISTRATION OF ASSIST-ANCE FOR DIRECT TEMPORARY HOUSING AND PERMANENT HOUS-ING CONSTRUCTION. 
Section 408(f) of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking the para-graph heading and inserting ‘‘S
TATE - OR 
TRIBAL -ADMINISTERED ASSISTANCE AND OTHER  
NEEDS ASSISTANCE .—’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘financial’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsections (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), and (e) if the President and the State or Tribal gov-ernment comply, as determined by the Ad-ministrator, with paragraph (3)’’; (3) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘financial’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsections (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), and (e)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—A State or Tribal gov-ernment desiring to provide assistance under subsection (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), or (e) shall submit to the President an application for a grant to provide financial assistance under the pro-gram. ‘‘(B) C
RITERIA .—The President, in consulta-tion and coordination with State, Tribal, and local governments, shall establish criteria for the approval of applications submitted under subparagraph (A). The criteria shall include, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) the demonstrated ability of the State or Tribal government to manage the pro-gram under this section; ‘‘(ii) there being in effect a plan approved by the President as to how the State or Trib-al government will comply with applicable Federal laws and regulations and how the State or Tribal government will provide as-sistance under its plan; ‘‘(iii) a requirement that the State, Tribal, or local government comply with rules and regulations established pursuant to sub-section (j); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3629 April 26, 2018 
‘‘(iv) a requirement that the President, or the designee of the President, comply with subsection (i). ‘‘(C) Q
UALITY ASSURANCE .—Before approv-ing an application submitted under this sec-tion, the President, or the designee of the President, shall institute adequate policies, procedures, and internal controls to prevent waste, fraud, abuse, and program mis-management for this program and for pro-grams under subsections (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), and (e). The President shall monitor and conduct quality assurance activities on a State or Tribal government’s implementation of pro-grams under subsections (c)(1)(B), (c)(4), and (e). If, after approving an application of a State or Tribal government submitted under this section, the President determines that the State or Tribal government is not ad-ministering the program established by this section in a manner satisfactory to the President, the President shall withdraw the approval. ‘‘(D) A
UDITS .—The Office of the inspector general shall provide for periodic audits of the programs administered by States and Tribal governments under this subsection. ‘‘(E) A
PPLICABLE LAWS .—All Federal laws applicable to the management, administra-tion, or contracting of the programs by the Federal Emergency Management Agency under this section shall be applicable to the management, administration, or contracting by a non-Federal entity under this section. ‘‘(F) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the inspector general of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives on the State or Tribal government’s role to provide assistance under this section. The report shall contain an assessment of the effectiveness of the State or Tribal gov-ernment’s role to provide assistance under this section, including— ‘‘(i) whether the State or Tribal govern-ment’s role helped to improve the general speed of disaster recovery; ‘‘(ii) whether the State or Tribal govern-ment providing assistance under this section had the capacity to administer this section; and ‘‘(iii) recommendations for changes to im-prove the program if the State or Tribal gov-ernment’s role to administer the programs should be continued. ‘‘(G) P
ROHIBITION .—The President may not condition the provision of Federal assistance under this Act by a State or Tribal govern-ment requesting a grant under this section. ‘‘(H) M
ISCELLANEOUS .— ‘‘(i) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—The Adminis-trator may waive notice and comment rule-making, if the Administrator determines doing so is necessary to expeditiously imple-ment this section, and may carry out this section as a pilot program until such regula-tions are promulgated. ‘‘(ii) F
INAL RULE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Administrator shall issue final regulations to implement this subsection as amended by the Disaster Recovery Reform Act. ‘‘(iii) W
AIVER AND EXPIRATION .—The au- thority under clause (i) and any pilot pro-gram implemented pursuant to such clause shall expire 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this paragraph or upon issuance of final regulations pursuant to clause (ii), whichever occurs sooner.’’. SEC. 611. ASSISTANCE TO INDIVIDUALS AND HOUSEHOLDS. 
Section 408(h) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, exclud-ing financial assistance to rent alternate housing accommodations under subsection (c)(1)(A)(i) and financial assistance to ad-dress other needs under subsection (e)’’ after ‘‘disaster’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) O
THER NEEDS ASSISTANCE .—The max-imum financial assistance any individual or household may receive under subsection (e) shall be equivalent to the amount set forth in paragraph (1) with respect to a single major disaster.’’; (4) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (3) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(4) E
XCLUSION OF NECESSARY EXPENSES FOR  
INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES .— ‘‘(A) The maximum amount of assistance established under paragraph (1) shall exclude expenses to repair or replace damaged acces-sibility-related improvements under para-graphs (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c) for in-dividuals with disabilities. ‘‘(B) The maximum amount of assistance established under paragraph (2) shall exclude expenses to repair or replace accessibility-re-lated personal property under subsection (e)(2) for individuals with disabilities.’’. 
SEC. 612. MULTIFAMILY LEASE AND REPAIR AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) L EASE AND REPAIR OF RENTAL UNITS 
FOR TEMPORARY HOUSING .—Section 408(c)(1)(B)(ii)(II) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(c)(1)(B)(ii)(II)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(II) I
MPROVEMENTS OR REPAIRS .—Under the terms of any lease agreement for prop-erty entered into under this subsection, the value of the improvements or repairs shall be deducted from the value of the lease agree-ment.’’. (b) R
ENTAL PROPERTIES IMPACTED .—Sec- tion 408(c)(1)(B)(ii)(I)(aa) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(c)(1)(B)(ii)(I)(aa)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(aa) enter into lease agreements with owners of multifamily rental property im-pacted by a major disaster or located in areas covered by a major disaster declara-tion to house individuals and households eli-gible for assistance under this section; and’’. (c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the inspector general of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall assess the use of the authority provided under sec-tion 408(c)(1)(B) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174(c)(1)(B)), including the adequacy of any benefit-cost analysis done to justify the use of this alternative, and submit a report on the results of that review to the appropriate committees of Congress. 
SEC. 613. PRIVATE NONPROFIT FACILITY. 
Section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122) is amended in paragraph (11)(B) by inserting ‘‘food banks,’’ after ‘‘shelter workshops,’’. 
SEC. 614. MANAGEMENT COSTS. 
Section 324 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5165b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘any ad-ministrative expense, and any other expense not directly chargeable to’’ and inserting ‘‘direct administrative cost, and any other administrative expense associated with’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘establish’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘implement’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIC MANAGEMENT COSTS .—The Ad- ministrator shall provide the following per-centage rates, in addition to the eligible project costs, to cover direct and indirect costs of administering the following pro-grams: ‘‘(A) H
AZARD MITIGATION .—A grantee under section 404 may be reimbursed not more than 15 percent of the total amount of the grant award under such section of which not more than 10 percent may be used by the grantee and 5 percent by the subgrantee for such costs. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC ASSISTANCE .—A grantee under sections 403, 406, 407, and 502 may be reim-bursed not more than 12 percent of the total award amount under such sections, of which not more than 7 percent may be used by the grantee and 5 percent by the subgrantee for such costs.’’. 
SEC. 615. FLEXIBILITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered assistance’’ means assistance pro-vided— (1) under section 408 of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174); and (2) in relation to a major disaster or emer-gency declared by the President under sec-tion 401 or 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170; 42 U.S.C. 5191) on or after Oc-tober 28, 2012. (b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding section 3716(e) of title 31, United States Code, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency— (1) subject to paragraph (2), may waive a debt owed to the United States related to covered assistance provided to an individual or household if— (A) the covered assistance was distributed based on an error by the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (B) there was no fault on behalf of the debtor; and (C) the collection of the debt would be against equity and good conscience; and (2) may not waive a debt under paragraph (1) if the debt involves fraud, the presen-tation of a false claim, or misrepresentation by the debtor or any party having an inter-est in the claim. (c) M
ONITORING OF COVERED ASSISTANCE  D
ISTRIBUTED BASED ON ERROR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security shall monitor the distribution of covered assist-ance to individuals and households to deter-mine the percentage of such assistance dis-tributed based on an error. (2) R
EMOVAL OF WAIVER AUTHORITY BASED  
ON EXCESSIVE ERROR RATE .—If the inspector general determines, with respect to any 12- month period, that the amount of covered assistance distributed based on an error by the Federal Emergency Management Agency exceeds 4 percent of the total amount of cov-ered assistance distributed— (A) the inspector general shall notify the Administrator and publish the determina-tion in the Federal Register; and (B) with respect to any major disaster or emergency declared by the President under section 401 or section 501, respectively, of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170; 42 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3630 April 26, 2018 
U.S.C. 5191) after the date on which the de-termination is published under subparagraph (A), the authority of the Administrator to waive debt under subsection (b) shall no longer be effective. 
SEC. 616. ADDITIONAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE. 
(a) D ISASTER MITIGATION .—Section 209 of the Public Works and Economic Develop-ment Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3149) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) D
ISASTER MITIGATION .—In providing assistance pursuant to subsection (c)(2), if appropriate and as applicable, the Secretary may encourage hazard mitigation in assist-ance provided pursuant to such subsection.’’. (b) E
MERGENCY MANAGEMENT ASSISTANCE  C
OMPACT GRANTS .—Section 661(d) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 761(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2008’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. (c) E
MERGENCY MANAGEMENT PERFORMANCE  G
RANTS PROGRAM .—Section 662(f) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 762(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the program’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘the pro-gram, for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 403(a)(3) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170b(a)(3)) is amended by striking the second subparagraph (J). 
SEC. 617. NATIONAL VETERINARY EMERGENCY TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may establish one or more national veteri-nary emergency teams at accredited colleges of veterinary medicine. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—A national veteri-nary emergency team shall— (1) deploy with a team of the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System to assist with— (A) veterinary care of canine search teams; (B) locating and treating companion ani-mals, service animals, livestock, and other animals; and (C) surveillance and treatment of zoonotic diseases; (2) recruit, train, and certify veterinary professionals, including veterinary students, in accordance with an established set of plans and standard operating guidelines to carry out the duties associated with plan-ning for and responding to emergencies as described in paragraph (1); (3) assist State, Tribal, and local govern-ments and nonprofit organizations in devel-oping emergency management and evacu-ation plans that account for the care and rescue of animals and in improving local readiness for providing veterinary medical response during a disaster; and (4) coordinate with the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Agriculture, State, Tribal, and local gov-ernments (including departments of animal and human health), veterinary and health care professionals, and volunteers. 
SEC. 618. DISPUTE RESOLUTION PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1105(c) of the Sandy Recovery Im-provement Act of 2013 (42 U.S.C. 5189a note) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. 
SEC. 619. UNIFIED FEDERAL ENVIRONMENTAL AND HISTORIC PRESERVATION RE-VIEW. 
(a) R EVIEW AND ANALYSIS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall review the Unified Federal Environmental and Historic Preservation review process established pur-suant to section 429 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5189g), and submit a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate that includes the following: (1) An analysis of whether and how the uni-fied process has expedited the interagency review process to ensure compliance with the environmental and historic requirements under Federal law relating to disaster recov-ery projects. (2) A survey and analysis of categorical ex-clusions used by other Federal agencies that may be applicable to any activity related to a Presidentially declared major disaster or emergency under such Act. (3) Recommendations on any further ac-tions, including any legislative proposals, needed to expedite and streamline the review process. (b) REGULATIONS .—After completing the re-view, survey, and analyses under subsection (a), but not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and after providing notice and opportunity for public comment, the Administrator shall issue regulations to implement any regulatory recommenda-tions, including any categorical exclusions identified under subsection (a), to the extent that the categorical exclusions meet the cri-teria for a categorical exclusion under sec-tion 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regula-tions, and section II of DHS Instruction Manual 023–01–001–01. 
SEC. 620. CLOSEOUT INCENTIVES. 
(a) F ACILITATING CLOSEOUT .—Section 705 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) F
ACILITATING CLOSEOUT .— ‘‘(1) I
NCENTIVES .—The Administrator may develop incentives and penalties that en-courage State, Tribal, or local governments to close out expenditures and activities on a timely basis related to disaster or emer-gency assistance. ‘‘(2) A
GENCY REQUIREMENTS .—The Agency shall, consistent with applicable regulations and required procedures, meet its respon-sibilities to improve closeout practices and reduce the time to close disaster program awards.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Administrator shall issue regulations to implement this section. 
SEC. 621. PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES. 
Section 306 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5149) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency is author-ized to appoint temporary personnel, after serving continuously for 3 years, to positions in the Agency in the same manner that com-petitive service employees with competitive status are considered for transfer, reassign-ment, or promotion to such positions. An in-dividual appointed under this subsection shall become a career-conditional employee, unless the employee has already completed the service requirements for career tenure.’’. 
SEC. 622. STUDY TO STREAMLINE AND CONSOLI-DATE INFORMATION COLLECTION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall— (1) in coordination with the Small Business Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other appro-priate agencies, conduct a study and develop a plan, consistent with law, under which the collection of information from disaster as-sistance applicants and grantees will be modified, streamlined, expedited, efficient, flexible, consolidated, and simplified to be less burdensome, duplicative, and time con-suming for applicants and grantees; (2) in coordination with the Small Business Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other appro-priate agencies, develop a plan for the reg-ular collection and reporting of information on Federal disaster assistance awarded, in-cluding the establishment and maintenance of a website for presenting the information to the public; and (3) submit the plans to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate. SEC. 623. AGENCY ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 430. AGENCY ACCOUNTABILITY. 
‘‘(a) P UBLIC ASSISTANCE .—Not later than 5 days after an award of a public assistance grant is made under section 406 that is in ex-cess of $1,000,000, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the specifics of each such grant award, including— ‘‘(1) identifying the Federal Emergency Management Agency Region; ‘‘(2) the disaster or emergency declaration number; ‘‘(3) the State, county, and applicant name; ‘‘(4) if the applicant is a private nonprofit organization; ‘‘(5) the damage category code; ‘‘(6) the amount of the Federal share obli-gated; and ‘‘(7) the date of the award. ‘‘(b) M
ISSION ASSIGNMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 days after the issuance of a mission assignment or mission assignment task order, the Adminis-trator shall publish on the Agency’s website any mission assignment or mission assign-ment task order to another Federal depart-ment or agency regarding a major disaster in excess of $1,000,000, including— ‘‘(A) the name of the impacted State or Tribe; ‘‘(B) the disaster declaration for such State or Tribe; ‘‘(C) the assigned agency; ‘‘(D) the assistance requested; ‘‘(E) a description of the disaster; ‘‘(F) the total cost estimate; ‘‘(G) the amount obligated; ‘‘(H) the State or Tribal cost share, if ap-plicable; ‘‘(I) the authority under which the mission assignment or mission assignment task order was directed; and ‘‘(J) if applicable, the date a State or Tribe requested the mission assignment. ‘‘(2) R
ECORDING CHANGES .—Not later than 10 days after the last day of each month until a mission assignment or mission as-signment task order described in paragraph (1) is completed and closed out, the Adminis-trator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obligated. ‘‘(c) D
ISASTER RELIEF MONTHLY REPORT .— Not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website reports, including a specific description of the methodology and the source data used in developing such re-ports, including— ‘‘(1) an estimate of the amounts for the fis-cal year covered by the President’s most re-cent budget pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, including— ‘‘(A) the unobligated balance of funds to be carried over from the prior fiscal year to the budget year; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3631 April 26, 2018 
‘‘(B) the unobligated balance of funds to be carried over from the budget year to the budget year plus 1; ‘‘(C) the amount of obligations for non-catastrophic events for the budget year; ‘‘(D) the amount of obligations for the budget year for catastrophic events delin-eated by event and by State; ‘‘(E) the total amount that has been pre-viously obligated or will be required for cat-astrophic events delineated by event and by State for all prior years, the current fiscal year, the budget year, and each fiscal year thereafter; ‘‘(F) the amount of previously obligated funds that will be recovered for the budget year; ‘‘(G) the amount that will be required for obligations for emergencies, as described in section 102(1), major disasters, as described in section 102(2), fire management assistance grants, as described in section 420, surge ac-tivities, and disaster readiness and support activities; and ‘‘(H) the amount required for activities not covered under section 251(b)(2)(D)(iii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)(iii)); and ‘‘(2) an estimate or actual amounts, if available, of the following for the current fiscal year shall be submitted not later than the fifth day of each month, published by the Administrator on the Agency’s website not later than the fifth day of each month: ‘‘(A) A summary of the amount of appro-priations made available by source, the transfers executed, the previously allocated funds recovered, and the commitments, allo-cations, and obligations made. ‘‘(B) A table of disaster relief activity de-lineated by month, including— ‘‘(i) the beginning and ending balances; ‘‘(ii) the total obligations to include amounts obligated for fire assistance, emer-gencies, surge, and disaster support activi-ties; ‘‘(iii) the obligations for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State; and ‘‘(iv) the amount of previously obligated funds that are recovered. ‘‘(C) A summary of allocations, obliga-tions, and expenditures for catastrophic events delineated by event. ‘‘(D) The cost of the following categories of spending: ‘‘(i) Public assistance. ‘‘(ii) Individual assistance. ‘‘(iii) Mitigation. ‘‘(iv) Administrative. ‘‘(v) Operations. ‘‘(vi) Any other relevant category (includ-ing emergency measures and disaster re-sources) delineated by disaster. ‘‘(E) The date on which funds appropriated will be exhausted. ‘‘(d) C
ONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION .—Not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Admin-istrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the specifics of each contract in ex-cess of $1,000,000 that the Agency enters into, including— ‘‘(A) the name of the party; ‘‘(B) the date the contract was awarded; ‘‘(C) the amount and scope of the contract; ‘‘(D) if the contract was awarded through competitive bidding process; ‘‘(E) if no competitive bidding process was used, the reason why competitive bidding was not used; and ‘‘(F) the authority used to bypass the com-petitive bidding process. The information shall be delineated by dis-aster, if applicable, and specify the damage category code, if applicable. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 10 days after the last day of the fiscal year, the Adminis-trator shall provide a report to the appro-priate committees of Congress summarizing the following information for the preceding fiscal year: ‘‘(A) The number of contracts awarded without competitive bidding. ‘‘(B) The reasons why a competitive bid-ding process was not used. ‘‘(C) The total amount of contracts award-ed with no competitive bidding. ‘‘(D) The damage category codes, if appli-cable, for contracts awarded without com-petitive bidding.’’. SEC. 624. AUDIT OF CONTRACTS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall not reim-burse a State, Tribe, or local government or the owner or operator of a private nonprofit facility for any activities made pursuant to a contract entered into after August 1, 2017, that prohibits the Administrator or the Comptroller General of the United States from auditing or otherwise reviewing all as-pects relating to the contract. 
SEC. 625. INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT OF FEMA CONTRACTS FOR TARPS AND PLAS-TIC SHEETING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security shall initiate an audit of the contracts awarded by the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency (in this section referred to as ‘‘FEMA’’) for tarps and plastic sheeting for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands in response to Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the audit under subsection (a), the inspector gen-eral shall review— (1) the contracting process used by FEMA to evaluate offerors and award the relevant contracts to contractors; (2) FEMA’s assessment of the past perform-ance of the contractors, including any his-torical information showing that the con-tractors had supported large-scale delivery quantities in the past; (3) FEMA’s assessment of the capacity of the contractors to carry out the relevant contracts, including with respect to inven-tory, production, and financial capabilities; (4) how FEMA ensured that the contractors met the terms of the relevant contracts; and (5) whether the failure of the contractors to meet the terms of the relevant contracts and FEMA’s subsequent cancellation of the relevant contracts affected the provision of tarps and plastic sheeting to the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of initiation of the audit under sub-section (a), the inspector general shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the results of the audit, includ-ing findings and recommendations. 
SEC. 626. RELIEF ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 309 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5152) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and other relief or’’ and inserting ‘‘long-term recovery groups, domestic hunger relief, and other re-lief, or’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘and other relief or’’ and inserting ‘‘long-term recovery groups, domestic hunger relief, and other re-lief, or’’. 
SEC. 627. GUIDANCE ON INUNDATED AND SUB-MERGED ROADS. 
The Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal High-way Administration, shall develop and issue guidance for State, local, and Tribal govern-ments regarding repair, restoration, and re-placement of inundated and submerged roads damaged or destroyed by a major disaster, and for associated expenses incurred by the Government, with respect to roads eligible for assistance under section 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172). SEC. 628. AUTHORITIES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the non-federally funded actions of pri-vate parties and State, local, or Tribal gov-ernments, on State, local, Tribal, and pri-vate land, and the effects of those actions, shall not be attributed to the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s actions under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Flood Disaster Pro-tection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4002 et seq.), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (subtitle A of title II of division F of Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89; 128 Stat. 1020) for the purposes of section 7 (16 U.S.C. 1536) and section 9 (16 U.S.C. 1538) of the Endan-gered Species Act. Actions taken under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014, that may influence private actions do not create a Federal nexus for the purpose of applying the requirements of section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536). 
SEC. 629. RECOUPMENT OF CERTAIN ASSISTANCE PROHIBITED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 3716(e) of title 31, United States Code, and unless there is evidence of civil or criminal fraud, the Federal Emergency Management Agency may not take any action to recoup covered assistance from the recipient of such assistance if the receipt of such assistance occurred on a date that is more than 3 years before the date on which the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency first provides to the recipient written notification of an in-tent to recoup. (b) C
OVERED ASSISTANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered assistance’’ means assistance provided— (1) under section 408 of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5174); and (2) in relation to a major disaster or emer-gency declared by the President under sec-tion 401 or 501 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5170; 42 U.S.C. 5191) on or after January 1, 2012. 
SEC. 630. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 705 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Except’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding section 3716(e) of title 31, United States Code, and except’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘report for the disaster or emergency’’ and inserting ‘‘report for project completion as certified by the grantee’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘report for the disaster or emergency’’ and inserting ‘‘report for project completion as certified by the grantee’’; and (B) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘for project completion as certified by the grant-ee’’ after ‘‘final expenditure report’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to disaster or emergency assistance provided to a State or local government on or after January 1, 2004— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3632 April 26, 2018 
(A) no administrative action may be taken to recover a payment of such assistance after the date of enactment of this Act if the ac-tion is prohibited under section 705(a)(1) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205(a)(1)), as amended by subsection (a); and (B) any administrative action to recover a payment of such assistance that is pending on such date of enactment shall be termi-nated if the action is prohibited under sec-tion 705(a)(1) of that Act, as amended by sub-section (a). (2) L
IMITATION .—This section, including the amendments made by this section, may not be construed to invalidate or otherwise af-fect any administration action completed be-fore the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 631. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency shall provide technical assist-ance to a common interest community that provides essential services of a governmental nature on actions that a common interest community may take in order to be eligible to receive reimbursement from a grantee that receives funds from the Agency for cer-tain activities performed after an event that results in a disaster declaration. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall provide to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a legislative proposal on how to provide eligibility for dis-aster assistance with respect to common areas of condominiums and housing coopera-tives. 
SEC. 632. GUIDANCE ON HAZARD MITIGATION AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall issue guidance re-garding the acquisition of property for open space as a mitigation measure under section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c) that includes— (1) a process by which the State hazard mitigation officer appointed for such an ac-quisition shall, not later than 60 days after the applicant for assistance enters into an agreement with the Administrator regarding the acquisition, provide written notification to each affected unit of local government for such acquisition that includes— (A) the location of the acquisition; (B) the State-local assistance agreement for the hazard mitigation grant program; (C) a description of the acquisition; and (D) a copy of the deed restriction; and (2) recommendations for entering into and implementing a memorandum of under-standing between units of local government and covered entities that includes provisions to allow an affected unit of local government notified under paragraph (1) to— (A) use and maintain the open space cre-ated by such a project, consistent with sec-tion 404 (including related regulations, standards, and guidance) and consistent with all adjoining property, subject to the notifi-cation of the adjoining property, so long as the cost of the maintenance is borne by the local government; and (B) maintain the open space pursuant to standards exceeding any local government standards defined in the agreement with the Administrator described under paragraph (1). (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) A
FFECTED UNIT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— The term ‘‘affected unit of local govern-ment’’ means any entity covered by the defi-nition of local government in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122), that has jurisdiction over the property sub-ject to the acquisition described in sub-section (a). (2) COVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered entity’’ means— (A) the grantee or subgrantee receiving as-sistance for an open space project described in subsection (a); (B) the State in which such project is lo-cated; and (C) the applicable Regional Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
SEC. 633. LOCAL IMPACT. 
In making recommendations to the Presi-dent regarding a major disaster declaration, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall give greater weight and consideration to severe local im-pact or recent multiple disasters. Further, the Administrator shall make corresponding adjustments to the Agency’s policies and regulations regarding such consideration. Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Administrator shall report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate on the changes made to regula-tions and policies and the number of declara-tions that have been declared based on the new criteria. 
SEC. 634. ADDITIONAL HAZARD MITIGATION AC-TIVITIES. 
Section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c) is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(g) U
SE OF ASSISTANCE .—Recipients of hazard mitigation assistance provided under this section and section 203 may use the as-sistance to conduct activities to help reduce the risk of future damage, hardship, loss, or suffering in any area affected by earthquake hazards, including— ‘‘(1) improvements to regional seismic net-works in support of building a capability for earthquake early warning; ‘‘(2) improvements to geodetic networks in support of building a capability for earth-quake early warning; and ‘‘(3) improvements to seismometers, Global Positioning System receivers, and associated infrastructure in support of building a capa-bility for earthquake early warning.’’. 
SEC. 635. NATIONAL PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE PREDISASTER HAZARD MITIGATION. 
(a) P REDISASTER HAZARD MITIGATION .—Sec- tion 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133) is amended— (1) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘Public Infrastructure’’ after ‘‘the National’’; (2) in subsection (e)(1)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii); (B) by striking the period at the end of clause (iii) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) to establish and carry out enforce-ment activities to implement the latest pub-lished editions of relevant consensus-based codes, specifications, and standards that in-corporate the latest hazard-resistant designs and establish minimum acceptable criteria for the design, construction, and mainte-nance of residential structures and facilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purpose of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of the buildings’ users against disasters.’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘for miti-gation activities that are cost effective’’ after ‘‘competitive basis’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) REDISTRIBUTION OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—The President may— ‘‘(A) withdraw amounts of financial assist-ance made available to a State (including amounts made available to local govern-ments of a State) under this subsection that remain unobligated by the end of the third fiscal year after the fiscal year for which the amounts were allocated; and ‘‘(B) in the fiscal year following a fiscal year in which amounts were withdrawn under subparagraph (A), add the amounts to any other amounts available to be awarded on a competitive basis pursuant to para-graph (1).’’; (4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (9) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (10) as paragraph (12); and (C) by adding after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) the extent to which the State or local government has facilitated the adoption and enforcement of the latest published editions of relevant consensus-based codes, specifica-tions, and standards that incorporate the latest hazard-resistant designs and establish criteria for the design, construction, and maintenance of residential structures and fa-cilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purpose of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of the buildings’ users against disasters; ‘‘(11) the extent to which the assistance will fund activities that increase the level of resiliency; and’’; (5) by striking subsection (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) N
ATIONAL PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE  P
REDISASTER MITIGATION ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may set aside from the Disaster Relief Fund, with re-spect to each major disaster, an amount equal to 6 percent of the estimated aggregate amount of the grants to be made pursuant to sections 403, 406, 407, 408, 410, and 416 for the major disaster in order to provide technical and financial assistance under this section. ‘‘(2) E
STIMATED AGGREGATE AMOUNT .—Not later than 180 days after each major disaster declaration pursuant to this Act, the esti-mated aggregate amount of grants for pur-poses of paragraph (1) shall be determined by the President and such estimated amount need not be reduced, increased, or changed due to variations in estimates. ‘‘(3) N
O REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS .—The amount set aside pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not reduce the amounts otherwise made available for sections 403, 404, 406, 407, 408, 410, and 416 under this Act.’’; and (6) by striking subsections (j) and (m) and redesignating subsections (k), (l), and (n) as subsections (j), (k), and (l), respectively. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made to section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133) by paragraphs (3) and (5) of subsection (a) shall apply to funds appro-priated after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 636. ADDITIONAL MITIGATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) H AZARD MITIGATION CLARIFICATION .— Section 404(a) of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c(a)) is amended by striking the first sentence and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘The President may contribute up to 75 percent of the cost of hazard mitigation measures which the President has deter-mined are cost effective and which substan-tially reduce the risk of, or increase resil-ience to, future damage, hardship, loss, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3633 April 26, 2018 
suffering in any area affected by a major dis-aster.’’. (b) E
LIGIBLE COST.—Section 406(e)(1)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(e)(1)(A)) is amend-ed— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting after ‘‘section,’’ the following: ‘‘for disasters declared on or after August 1, 2017, or a disaster in which a cost estimate has not yet been finalized for a project,’’; (2) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’; (3) in clause (ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘codes, specifications, and standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the latest pub-lished editions of relevant consensus-based codes, specifications, and standards that in-corporate the latest hazard-resistant designs and establish minimum acceptable criteria for the design, construction, and mainte-nance of residential structures and facilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purposes of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of a fa-cility’s users against disasters’’; (B) by striking ‘‘applicable at the time at which the disaster occurred’’; and (C) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) in a manner that allows the facility to meet the definition of resilient developed pursuant to this subsection.’’. (c) O
THER ELIGIBLE COST.—Section 406(e)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(e)(1)) is further amended by inserting at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(C) C
ONTRIBUTIONS .—Contributions for the eligible cost made under this section may be provided on an actual cost basis or on cost- estimation procedures.’’. (d) N
EWRULES .—Section 406(e) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(e)) is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(5) N
EW RULES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the President, acting through the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, shall issue a final rule-making that defines the terms ‘resilient’ and ‘resiliency’ for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(B) I
NTERIM GUIDANCE .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall issue in-terim guidance to implement this sub-section. Such interim guidance shall expire 18 months after the date of enactment of this paragraph or upon issuance of final regula-tions pursuant to subparagraph (A), which-ever occurs first. ‘‘(C) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Administrator issues the final rulemaking under this para-graph, the Administrator shall issue any necessary guidance related to the rule-making. ‘‘(D) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a re-port summarizing the regulations and guid-ance issued pursuant to this paragraph.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 205(d)(2) of the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–390) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(B)’’ after ‘‘except that paragraph (1)’’. TITLE VII—FLIGHT R&D ACT Subtitle A—General Provisions 
SEC. 701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘FAA Lead-ership in Groundbreaking High-Tech Re-search and Development Act’’ or the ‘‘FLIGHT R&D Act’’. 
SEC. 702. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title, the following definitions apply: (1) ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. (2) FAA.—The term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. (3) NASA.—The term ‘‘NASA’’ means the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Transportation. 
SEC. 703. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATIONS .—Section 48102(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter before paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and, for each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015, under subsection (g)’’; (2) at the end of paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (10) and inserting the following: ‘‘(10) for fiscal year 2018, $181,000,000, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) $128,500,000 for Safety Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Fire Research and Safety; ‘‘(ii) Propulsion and Fuel Systems; ‘‘(iii) Advanced Materials/Structural Safe-ty; ‘‘(iv) Aircraft Icing/Digital System Safety; ‘‘(v) Continued Airworthiness; ‘‘(vi) Aircraft Catastrophic Failure Preven-tion Research; ‘‘(vii) Flightdeck/Maintenance/System In-tegration Human Factors; ‘‘(viii) System Safety Management; ‘‘(ix) Air Traffic Control/Technical Oper-ations Human Factors; ‘‘(x) Aeromedical Research; ‘‘(xi) Weather Program; ‘‘(xii) Unmanned Aircraft Systems Re-search; ‘‘(xiii) NextGen–Alternative Fuels for Gen-eral Aviation; ‘‘(xiv) Joint Planning and Development Of-fice; ‘‘(xv) Ocean and Other Remote Locations ATS Research Program; ‘‘(xvi) Cybersecurity Research Program; ‘‘(xvii) Cybersecurity Threat Modeling Program; ‘‘(xviii) Single Piloted Commercial Cargo Aircraft Program; and ‘‘(xix) UAV-Manned Aircraft Collision Re-search Program; ‘‘(B) $26,000,000 for Economic Competitive-ness Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) NextGen–Wake Turbulence; ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Air Ground Integration Human Factors; ‘‘(iii) Next Gen–Weather Technology in the Cockpit; and ‘‘(iv) Commercial Space Transportation Safety; ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 for Environmental Sustain-ability Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Environment and Energy; and ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Environmental Research– Aircraft Technologies, Fuels and Metrics; and ‘‘(D) $6,500,000 for Mission Support pro-grams, including— ‘‘(i) System Planning and Resource Man-agement; and ‘‘(ii) William J. Hughes Technical Center Laboratory Facility; ‘‘(11) for fiscal year 2019, $186,000,000, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) $131,000,000 for Safety Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Fire Research and Safety; ‘‘(ii) Propulsion and Fuel Systems; ‘‘(iii) Advanced Materials/Structural Safe-ty; ‘‘(iv) Aircraft Icing/Digital System Safety; ‘‘(v) Continued Airworthiness; ‘‘(vi) Aircraft Catastrophic Failure Preven-tion Research; ‘‘(vii) Flightdeck/Maintenance/System In-tegration Human Factors; ‘‘(viii) System Safety Management; ‘‘(ix) Air Traffic Control/Technical Oper-ations Human Factors; ‘‘(x) Aeromedical Research; ‘‘(xi) Weather Program; ‘‘(xii) Unmanned Aircraft Systems Re-search; ‘‘(xiii) NextGen–Alternative Fuels for Gen-eral Aviation; ‘‘(xiv) Joint Planning and Development Of-fice; ‘‘(xv) Ocean and Other Remote Locations ATS Research Program; ‘‘(xvi) Cybersecurity Research Program; ‘‘(xvii) Cybersecurity Threat Modeling Program; ‘‘(xviii) Single Piloted Commercial Cargo Aircraft Program; and ‘‘(xix) UAV-Manned Aircraft Collision Re-search Program; ‘‘(B) $28,000,000 for Economic Competitive-ness Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) NextGen–Wake Turbulence; ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Air Ground Integration Human Factors; ‘‘(iii) Next Gen–Weather Technology in the Cockpit; and ‘‘(iv) Commercial Space Transportation Safety; ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 for Environmental Sustain-ability Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Environment and Energy; and ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Environmental Research– Aircraft Technologies, Fuels and Metrics; and ‘‘(D) $7,000,000 for Mission Support pro-grams, including— ‘‘(i) System Planning and Resource Man-agement; and ‘‘(ii) William J. Hughes Technical Center Laboratory Facility; ‘‘(12) for fiscal year 2020, $190,000,000, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) $133,500,000 for Safety Research and Development programs, including— 
‘‘(i) Fire Research and Safety; ‘‘(ii) Propulsion and Fuel Systems; ‘‘(iii) Advanced Materials/Structural Safe-ty; ‘‘(iv) Aircraft Icing/Digital System Safety; ‘‘(v) Continued Airworthiness; ‘‘(vi) Aircraft Catastrophic Failure Preven-tion Research; ‘‘(vii) Flightdeck/Maintenance/System In-tegration Human Factors; ‘‘(viii) System Safety Management; ‘‘(ix) Air Traffic Control/Technical Oper-ations Human Factors; ‘‘(x) Aeromedical Research; ‘‘(xi) Weather Program; ‘‘(xii) Unmanned Aircraft Systems Re-search; ‘‘(xiii) NextGen–Alternative Fuels for Gen-eral Aviation; ‘‘(xiv) Joint Planning and Development Of-fice; ‘‘(xv) Ocean and Other Remote Locations ATS Research Program; ‘‘(xvi) Cybersecurity Research Program; ‘‘(xvii) Cybersecurity Threat Modeling Program; ‘‘(xviii) Single Piloted Commercial Cargo Aircraft Program; and ‘‘(xix) UAV-Manned Aircraft Collision Re-search Program; ‘‘(B) $29,000,000 for Economic Competitive-ness Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) NextGen–Wake Turbulence; ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Air Ground Integration Human Factors; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3634 April 26, 2018 
‘‘(iii) Next Gen–Weather Technology in the Cockpit; and ‘‘(iv) Commercial Space Transportation Safety; ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 for Environmental Sustain-ability Research and Development programs, including— ‘‘(i) Environment and Energy; and ‘‘(ii) NextGen–Environmental Research– Aircraft Technologies, Fuels and Metrics; and ‘‘(D) $7,500,000 for Mission Support pro-grams, including— ‘‘(i) System Planning and Resource Man-agement; and ‘‘(ii) William J. Hughes Technical Center Laboratory Facility; ‘‘(13) for fiscal year 2021, $195,000,000; ‘‘(14) for fiscal year 2022, $200,000,000; and ‘‘(15) for fiscal year 2023, $204,000,000.’’. (b) C
ONTINGENCY FUNDING .—Section 48102(b) of title 49, United States, Code, is amended by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding subsection (a), no funds are authorized for a fiscal year for En-vironmental Sustainability Research and Development programs unless the full amount authorized for that fiscal year under subsection (a) for the all of the following programs is appropriated for that fiscal year: ‘‘(A) Safety Research and Development programs. ‘‘(B) Economic Competitiveness Research and Development programs. ‘‘(C) Mission Support programs.’’. (c) A
NNUAL SUBMISSION OF THE NATIONAL  A
VIATION RESEARCH PLAN.—Section 48102(g) of title 49, United States, Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL SUBMISSION OF THE NATIONAL  A
VIATION RESEARCH PLAN.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), no funds are authorized to be appropriated for the Office of the Adminis-trator for a fiscal year unless the Secretary has submitted the national aviation research plan to Congress no later than the date of submission of the President’s budget request to Congress for that fiscal year, as required under section 44501(c).’’. Subtitle B—FAA Research and Development Organization 
SEC. 711. ASSOCIATE ADMINISTRATOR FOR RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 3 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall appoint an Associate Administrator for Research and Develop-ment. (b) S
ENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE .—The Asso-ciate Administrator for Research and Devel-opment shall be a Senior Executive Service position. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Associate Ad-ministrator for Research and Development shall, at a minimum, be responsible for— (1) management and oversight of all the FAA’s research and development programs and activities; and (2) production of all congressional reports from the FAA relevant to research and de-velopment, including the national aviation research plan required under section 44501(c) of title 49, United States Code. (d) D
UALAPPOINTMENT .—The Associate Ad-ministrator for Research and Development may be a dual-appointment, holding the re-sponsibilities of another Associate Adminis-trator. 
SEC. 712. RESEARCH ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) A DVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—Sec- tion 44508(a)(1)(A) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) provide advice and recommendations to the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and Congress about needs, objectives, plans, approaches, content, and accomplishments of all aviation research and development activities and programs carried out, including those under sections 40119, 44504, 44505, 44507, 44511–44513, and 44912 of this title;’’. (b) WRITTEN REPLY TO RESEARCH ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE .—Section 44508 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) W
RITTEN REPLY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after receiving any recommendation from the research advisory committee, the Ad-ministrator shall provide a written reply to the research advisory committee that, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) clearly states whether the Adminis-trator accepts or rejects the recommenda-tions; ‘‘(B) explains the rationale for the Admin-istrator’s decision; ‘‘(C) sets forth the timeframe in which the Administrator will implement the rec-ommendation; and ‘‘(D) describes the steps the Administrator will take to implement the recommendation. ‘‘(2) T
RANSPARENCY .—The written reply to the research advisory committee, when transmitted to the research advisory com-mittee, shall be— ‘‘(A) made publicly available on the re-search advisory committee website; and ‘‘(B) transmitted to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. ‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL AVIATION RESEARCH PLAN .— The national aviation research plan required under section 44501(c) shall include a sum-mary of all research advisory committee rec-ommendations and a description of the sta-tus of their implementation.’’. Subtitle C—Unmanned Aircraft Systems 
SEC. 721. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ROAD-MAP. 
No funds are authorized to be appropriated for the Office of the Administrator for a fis-cal year unless the Secretary has submitted the unmanned aircraft systems roadmap to Congress on an annual basis as required under section 45502(a) of title 49, United States Code, (as added by this Act). 
SEC. 722. PROBABILISTIC METRICS FOR EXEMP-TIONS. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall commission an inde-pendent study to— (1) develop parameters to conduct research and development for probabilistic metrics to enable the identification of hazards and the assessment of risks as necessary to make de-terminations under section 45505(a) of title 49, United States Code, (as added by this Act) that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace sys-tem; (2) identify additional research needed to more effectively develop and use such metrics and make such determinations; and (3) in developing parameters for prob-abilistic metrics, this study shall take into account the utility of performance standards to make determinations under section 45505(a) of title 49, United States Code, (as added by this Act). (b) C
ONSIDERATION OF RESULTS .—The Ad- ministrator shall consider the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) when making a determination described in sub-section (a)(1). (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. SEC. 723. PROBABILISTIC ASSESSMENT OF RISKS. 
The Administrator shall conduct research and development to enable a probabilistic as-sessment of risks to inform requirements for standards for operational certification of public unmanned aircraft systems in the na-tional airspace. 
SEC. 724. UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE-MANNED AIRCRAFT COLLISION RESEARCH. 
(a) R ESEARCH .—The Administrator shall coordinate with NASA to conduct com-prehensive testing of unmanned aerial vehi-cles colliding with a manned aircraft, includ-ing— (1) collisions between unmanned aerial ve-hicles of various sizes, traveling at various speeds, and commercial jet airliners of var-ious sizes, traveling at various speeds; (2) collisions between unmanned aerial ve-hicles of various sizes, traveling at various speeds, and propeller planes of various sizes, traveling at various speeds; (3) collisions between unmanned aerial ve-hicles of various sizes, traveling at various speeds, and blimps of various sizes, traveling at various speeds; (4) collisions between unmanned aerial ve-hicles of various sizes, traveling at various speeds, and rotorcraft of various sizes, trav-eling at various speeds; and (5) collisions between unmanned aerial ve-hicles and various parts of the aforemen-tioned aircraft, including— (A) windshields; (B) noses; (C) engines; (D) radomes; (E) propellers; and (F) wings. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit a report summa-rizing the costs and results of research under this section to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 725. SPECIAL RULE FOR RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
Except as necessary to support enforce-ment action under applicable provisions of law against persons operating unmanned air-craft in a manner that endangers the safety of the national airspace system, notwith-standing any other provision of law relating to the incorporation of unmanned aircraft systems into FAA plans and policies, the Ad-ministrator may not promulgate any rule or regulation regarding the operation of an un-manned aircraft system— (1) that is flown strictly for research and development use; (2) that is operated less than 400 feet above the ground and in Class G airspace; (3) that is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft; and (4) when flown within 5 miles of an airport, the operator of the aircraft provides the air-port operator and the airport air traffic con-trol tower (when an air traffic facility is lo-cated at the airport) with prior notice of the operation (unmanned aircraft operators fly-ing from a permanent location within 5 miles of an airport should establish a mutually- agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3635 April 26, 2018 
SEC. 726. BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 332(c)(2) the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Administrator shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (2) at the beginning of each of subpara-graphs (A) through (F), by inserting ‘‘shall’’; (3) at the end of subparagraph (E), by strik-ing ‘‘and’’; (4) at the end of subparagraph (F), by strik-ing the period and inserting a semicolon; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(G) shall allow beyond line-of-sight oper-ation of unmanned aircraft systems to be flown within the boundaries of a test range established under this subsection; ‘‘(H) may promulgate regulations gov-erning beyond line-of-sight operation of un-manned aircraft systems flown within the boundaries of a test range established under this subsection for the purposes of public safety; and ‘‘(I) shall allow NASA to authorize oper-ation of beyond line-of-sight unmanned air-craft systems within the boundaries of any NASA center or facility.’’. (b) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendments made by subsection (a) shall be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue enforcement ac-tion under applicable provisions of law against persons operating unmanned aircraft in a manner that endangers the safety of the national airspace system. Subtitle D—Cybersecurity 
SEC. 731. CYBER TESTBED. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop an integrated Cyber Testbed for research, development, evaluation, and validation of air traffic control moderniza-tion programs or technologies, before they enter the national airspace system, as being compliant with FAA data security regula-tions. The Cyber Testbed shall be part of an integrated research and development test en-vironment capable of creating, identifying, defending, and solving cybersecurity-related problems for the national airspace system. This integrated test environment shall in-corporate integrated test capacities within the FAA related to the national airspace sys-tem and NextGen. 
SEC. 732. CABIN COMMUNICATIONS, ENTERTAIN-MENT, AND INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY SYSTEMS CYBERSECURITY VULNERABILITIES. 
(a) E VALUATION .—The Administrator shall evaluate and determine the research and de-velopment needs associated with cybersecu-rity vulnerabilities of cabin communica-tions, entertainment, and information tech-nology systems on civil passenger aircraft. This evaluation shall include research and development to address— (1) technical risks and vulnerabilities; (2) potential impacts on the national air-space and public safety; and (3) identification of deficiencies in cabin- based cybersecurity. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—The Administrator shall— (1) conduct an assessment of opportunities to cooperate with the private sector in con-ducting aircraft in-cabin cybersecurity re-search and development; and (2) provide recommendations to improve research and development on cabin-based cy-bersecurity vulnerabilities. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit a report on the results of activities under this section to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. This report may contain classified annexes. SEC. 733. CYBERSECURITY THREAT MODELING. 
(a) P ROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall consult the National Institute of Standards and Technology to research and develop an internal FAA cybersecurity threat modeling program to detect cybersecurity vulnerabilities, track how those vulnerabilities might be exploited, and as-sess the magnitude of harm that could be caused by the exploitation of those vulnerabilities. (2) U
PDATES .—This program shall be up-dated regularly, not less than once every 5 years. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and within 7 days of each threat modeling program up-date under subsection (a)(2), the Adminis-trator shall transmit a report to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate detailing the status, re-sults, and composition of the threat mod-eling program. 
SEC. 734. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY CYBERSECURITY STANDARDS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the FAA shall, in con-sultation with the National Institute of Standards and Technology, transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that includes— (1) a cybersecurity standards plan to im-plement National Institute of Standards and Technology revisions to cybersecurity guid-ance documents within timeframes set by the Office of Management and Budget; and (2) an explanation of why any such rec-ommendations are not incorporated in the plan or are not incorporated within such timeframes. 
SEC. 735. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH COORDI-NATION. 
The Administrator shall, where feasible, cooperate on cybersecurity research and de-velopment with other international air traf-fic management organizations, including the European Aviation Safety Agency, the United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority, Nav Canada, and Airservices Australia. 
SEC. 736. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the FAA, in consultation with other agencies as appropriate, shall establish a re-search and development program to improve the cybersecurity of civil aircraft and the national airspace system. (b) P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the FAA shall develop a plan for the research and de-velopment program established under sub-section (a) that contains objectives, proposed tasks, milestones, and a 5-year budgetary profile. (2) N
ATIONAL ACADEMIES ’ STUDY .—The Ad- ministrator shall— (A) enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Academies for a study of the plan de-veloped under paragraph (1); and (B) provide the results of that study to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. Subtitle E—FAA Research and Development Activities SEC. 741. RESEARCH PLAN FOR THE CERTIFI-CATION OF NEW TECHNOLOGIES INTO THE NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYS-TEM. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with NASA, shall transmit a comprehensive research plan for the certifi-cation of new technologies into the national airspace system to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. This plan shall identify research necessary to support the certification and implementation of NextGen, including both ground and air elements, and explain the plan’s relationship to other activities and procedures required for certification and im-plementation of new technologies into the national airspace system. This plan shall be informed by and conform to the rec-ommendations of the National Research Council report titled ‘‘Transformation in the Air—A Review of the FAA Research Plan’’, issued on June 8, 2015. This report shall in-clude, at a minimum— (1) a description of the strategic and pre-scriptive value of the research plan; (2) an explanation of the expected out-comes from executing the plan; (3) an assessment of the FAA’s plan to use research and development to improve cyber-security over the next 5 years, taking into account the cybersecurity research and de-velopment plan developed under section 736(b); (4) an assessment of the current software assurance practices, and the desired level or attributes to target in the software assur-ance program; (5) cost estimates, planned schedules, and performance benchmarks, including specific tasks, milestones, and timelines and includ-ing an identification of cost and schedule re-serves, for the certification of new tech-nologies into the national airspace system, including NextGen, Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast, Data Communica-tions, National Airspace System Voice Sys-tem, Collaborative Air Traffic Management Technologies, NextGen Weather, and System Wide Information Management; (6) methods for integrating emerging tech-nologies throughout NextGen’s development, certification, and implementation process; and (7) best practices in research and develop-ment used by other organizations, such as NASA, NavCanada, and Eurocontrol. 
SEC. 742. AVIATION FUEL RESEARCH, DEVELOP-MENT, AND USAGE. 
The Administrator may conduct or super-vise research, development, and service test-ing, currently being conducted under the Piston Aviation Fuels Initiative (PAFI) un-leaded avgas program, that is required to allow the use of an unleaded aviation gaso-line in existing aircraft as a replacement for leaded gasoline. 
SEC. 743. AIR TRAFFIC SURVEILLANCE OVER OCEANS AND OTHER REMOTE LOCA-TIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Ad- ministrator, in consultation with NASA and other relevant agencies, shall establish a re-search and development program on civilian air traffic surveillance over oceans and other remote locations. Such program shall— (1) take into account the need for inter-national interoperability of technologies and air traffic control systems; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3636 April 26, 2018 
(2) recognize that Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS–B) is an ele-ment of the Next Generation Air Transpor-tation System. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The Administrator shall establish a pilot program to test, evalu-ate, and certify for integration into the na-tional airspace system air traffic surveil-lance equipment for oceans and other remote locations. (c) P
ARTNERSHIP WITHPRIVATE INDUSTRY .— The Administrator shall partner with pri-vate industry on the research, development, testing, and evaluation under this section. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall transmit a report on ac-tivities under this section to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 744. SINGLE-PILOTED COMMERCIAL CARGO AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The FAA, in consultation with NASA and other relevant agencies, shall establish a research and development program in support of single-piloted cargo aircraft assisted with remote piloting and computer piloting. (b) R
EVIEW .—The FAA, in consultation with NASA, shall conduct a review of FAA research and development activities in sup-port of single-piloted cargo aircraft assisted with remote piloting and computer piloting. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall transmit a report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that de-scribes— (1) the program established under sub-section (a); and (2) the results of the review conducted under subsection (b). 
SEC. 745. ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
The Administrator shall develop a program to research the use of spectrum in the civil aviation domain, including aircraft and un-manned aircraft systems. This research shall, at a minimum, address— (1) how, operating within an Unmanned Aircraft System Traffic Management sys-tem, unmanned aircraft systems can safely use, for control link, tracking, diagnostics, payload communication, collaborative-colli-sion avoidance (e.g. vehicle-to-vehicle com-munications), and other purposes— (A) aviation-protected spectrum; (B) commercial communications networks, such as mobile communications networks; and (C) any other licensed or unlicensed spec-trum; (2) how the reallocation of spectrum as-signed for use within frequency bands adja-cent to those allocated for position, naviga-tion, and timing may impact the safety of civil aviation; and (3) measures to protect and mitigate against spectrum interference in frequency bands used by the civil aviation community to ensure public safety. TITLE VIII—AVIATION REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 801. EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY FROM AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9502(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2023’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018;’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 9502(e)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
SEC. 802. EXTENSION OF TAXES FUNDING AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) F UEL TAXES .—Section 4081(d)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. (b) T
ICKET TAXES .— (1) P
ERSONS .—Section 4261(k)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. (2) P
ROPERTY .—Section 4271(d)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. (c) F
RACTIONAL OWNERSHIP PROGRAMS .— (1) F
UEL TAX .—Section 4043(d) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. (2) T
REATMENT AS NONCOMMERCIAL AVIA -
TION.—Section 4083(b) of such Code is amend-ed by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. (3) E
XEMPTION FROM TICKET TAXES .—Sec- tion 4261(j) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2023’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115–650 and amendments en bloc de-scribed in House Resolution 839. Each such amendment printed in part A of the report may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. b1330 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SHUSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, strike lines 19 through 22 and insert the following: (b) A
UTHORIZED EXPENDITURES .—Section 48101(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading by striking ‘‘Automated Surface Observation System/ Automated Weather Observing System Up-grade’’ and inserting ‘‘Authorized Expendi-tures’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘may be used for the imple-mentation’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘may be used for the following: ‘‘(1) The implementation and use of up-grades to the current automated surface ob-servation system/automated weather observ-ing system, if the upgrade is successfully demonstrated. ‘‘(2) The acquisition and construction of re-mote air traffic control towers (as defined in section 510 of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018). ‘‘(3) The remediation and elimination of identified cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the air traffic control system. ‘‘(4) The construction of facilities dedi-cated to improving the cybersecurity of the National Airspace System. ‘‘(5) Systems associated with the Data Communications program. ‘‘(6) The infrastructure, sustainment, and the elimination of the deferred maintenance backlog of air navigation facilities and other facilities for which the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration is responsible. ‘‘(7) The modernization and digitization of the Civil Aviation Registry. ‘‘(8) The construction of necessary Priority 1 National Airspace System facilities. ‘‘(9) Cost-beneficial construction, rehabili-tation, or retrofitting programs designed to reduce Federal Aviation Administration fa-cility operating costs.’’. Page 8, line 13, strike ‘‘$2,920,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,330,000,000’’. Page 8, line 14, strike ‘‘$2,984,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,398,000,000’’. Page 8, line 15, strike ‘‘$3,049,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,469,000,000’’. Page 8, line 16, strike ‘‘$3,118,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,547,000,000’’. Page 8, line 17, strike ‘‘$3,190,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,624,000,000’’. Page 8, line 18, strike ‘‘$3,263,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,701,000,000’’. Page 9, line 5, strike ‘‘$10,231,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,247,000,000’’. Page 9, line 6, strike ‘‘$10,434,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,486,000,000’’. Page 9, line 7, strike ‘‘$10,639,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,732,000,000’’. Page 9, line 8, strike ‘‘$10,861,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$11,000,000,000’’. Page 9, line 10, strike ‘‘$11,095,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$11,269,000,000’’. Page 9, line 12, strike ‘‘$11,329,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$11,537,000,000’’. Page 9, after line 13, insert the following: (b) AUTHORIZED EXPENDITURES .—Section 106(k)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Not more than the following amounts for commercial space transportation activi-ties: ‘‘(i) $22,587,000 for fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(ii) $33,038,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(iii) $43,500,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(iv) $54,970,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(v) $64,449,000 for fiscal year 2022. ‘‘(vi) $75,938,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. Page 9, line 14, strike ‘‘(b)’’ and insert ‘‘(c)’’. At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1ll. SUPPLEMENTAL DISCRETIONARY FUNDS. 
Section 47115 of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) S
UPPLEMENTAL DISCRETIONARY  F
UNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish a program to provide grants, subject to the conditions of this subsection, for any purpose for which amounts are made avail-able under section 48103 that the Secretary considers most appropriate to carry out this subchapter. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A grant made under this subsection shall be treated as having been made pursuant to the Secretary’s authority under section 47104(a) and from the Sec-retary’s discretionary fund under subsection (a) of this section. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, grants made under this subsection shall not be subject to sub-section (c), section 47117(e), or any other ap-portionment formula, special apportionment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.008 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3637 April 26, 2018 
category, or minimum percentage set forth in this chapter. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may pro-vide grants under this subsection only for projects— ‘‘(A) at a nonprimary airport that— ‘‘(i) is classified as a regional, local, or basic airport, as determined using the De-partment of Transportation’s most recently published classification; and ‘‘(ii) is not located within a Metropolitan Statistical Area (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget); ‘‘(B) at a nonhub, small hub, or medium hub airport; or ‘‘(C) at an airport receiving an exemption under section 47134. ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Government’s share of allowable project costs under this subsection is 80 percent. ‘‘(B) S
UBMISSION .—In applying for a grant under this subsection, an airport sponsor that proposes a lower Government share of allowable project costs than the share speci-fied in subparagraph (A) shall receive pri-ority commensurate with the reduction in such share. Projects shall receive equal pri-ority consideration if such project— ‘‘(i) has a proposed Government cost share of 50 percent or less; or ‘‘(ii) is at an airport receiving an exemp-tion under section 47134. ‘‘(5) A
UTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this subsection the following amounts: ‘‘(i) $1,020,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(ii) $1,041,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(iii) $1,064,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(iv) $1,087,000,000 for fiscal year 2022. ‘‘(v) $1,110,000,000 for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY .—Sums authorized to be appropriated under subparagraph (A) shall remain available for 2 fiscal years.’’. 
SEC. 1ll. SAFETY EQUIPMENT. 
Section 47102(3)(B)(ii) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and emergency call boxes,’’ and inserting ‘‘emer-gency call boxes, and counter-UAS systems (as defined in section 40102),’’. Page 100, strike line 17 and all that follows through page 103, line 19. At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. FAA AND NTSB REVIEW OF GENERAL AVIATION SAFETY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in coordination with the Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, shall initiate a study of gen-eral aviation safety. (b) S
TUDY CONTENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a review of all general aviation acci-dents since 2000, including a review of— (A) the number of such accidents; (B) the number of injuries and fatalities, including with respect to both occupants of aircraft and individuals on the ground, as a result of such accidents; (C) the number of such accidents inves-tigated by the National Transportation Safe-ty Board; (D) the number of such accidents inves-tigated by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion; and (E) a summary of the factual findings and probable cause determinations with respect to such accidents; (2) an assessment of the most common probable cause determinations issued for general aviation accidents since 2000; (3) an assessment of the most common facts analyzed by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration and the National Transpor-tation Safety Board in the course of inves-tigations of general aviation accidents since 2000, including operational details; (4) a review of the safety recommendations of the National Transportation Safety Board related to general aviation accidents since 2000; (5) an assessment of the responses of the Federal Aviation Administration and the general aviation community to the safety recommendations of the National Transpor-tation Safety Board related to general avia-tion accidents since 2000; (6) an assessment of the most common gen-eral aviation safety issues; (7) a review of the total costs to the Fed-eral Government to conduct investigations of general aviation accidents over the last 10 years; and (8) other matters the Administrator or the Chairman considers appropriate. (c) RECOMMENDATIONS AND ACTIONS TOAD-
DRESS GENERAL AVIATION SAFETY .—Based on the results of the study required under sub-section (a), the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Chairman, shall make such recommendations, including with respect to regulations and enforcement activities, as the Administrator considers necessary to— (1) address general aviation safety issues identified under the study; (2) protect persons and property on the ground; and (3) improve the safety of general aviation operators in the United States. (d) A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator shall have the authority to undertake ac-tions to address the recommendations made under subsection (c). (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study required under subsection (a), includ-ing the recommendations described in sub-section (c). (f) G
ENERAL AVIATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘general aviation’’ means aircraft operation for personal, recreational, or other noncommercial purposes. 
SEC. 3ll. CALL TO ACTION AIRLINE ENGINE SAFETY REVIEW. 
(a) C ALL TO ACTION AIRLINE ENGINE SAFETY  R
EVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion shall initiate a Call to Action safety re-view on airline engine safety in order to bring stakeholders together to share best practices and implement actions to address airline engine safety. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The Call to Action safety review required pursuant to subsection (a) shall include— (1) a review of Administration regulations, guidance, and directives related to airline engines during design and production, in-cluding the oversight of those processes; (2) a review of Administration regulations, guidance, and directives related to airline engine operation and maintenance and the oversight of those processes; (3) a review of reportable accidents and in-cidents involving airline engines during cal-endar years 2014 through 2018, including any identified contributing factors to the report-able accident or incident; and (4) a process for stakeholders, including in-spectors, manufacturers, maintenance pro-viders, airlines, and aviation safety experts, to provide feedback and share best practices. (c) REPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the conclusion of the Call to Action safety review pursuant to sub-section (a), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review and any rec-ommendations for actions or best practices to improve airline engine safety. 
SEC. 3ll. SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN AIR-CRAFT OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 44737. Special rule for certain aircraft op-erations ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The operator of an air-craft with a special airworthiness certificate in the experimental category may— ‘‘(1) operate the aircraft for the purpose of conducting a commercial space transpor-tation support flight; and ‘‘(2) conduct such flight under such certifi-cate carrying persons or property for com-pensation or hire notwithstanding any rule or term of a certificate issued by the Admin-istrator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion that would prohibit flight for compensa-tion or hire. ‘‘(b) L
IMITED APPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) shall apply only to a commercial space transportation support flight that satisfies each of the following: ‘‘(1) The aircraft conducting the commer-cial space transportation support flight— ‘‘(A) takes flight and lands at a single site that is licensed for operation under chapter 509 of title 51; and ‘‘(B) is used only to simulate space flight conditions in support of— ‘‘(i) training for potential space flight par-ticipants or crew (as those terms are defined in chapter 509 of title 51); or ‘‘(ii) the testing of hardware to be used in space flight. ‘‘(2) The operator of the commercial space transportation support flight— ‘‘(A) informs, in writing, any individual serving as crew of the aircraft that the United States Government has not certified the aircraft as safe for carrying crew or pas-sengers prior to executing any contract or other arrangement to employ that individual (or, in the case of an individual already em-ployed as of the date of enactment of this section, prior to any commercial space transportation support flight in which the individual will participate as crew); ‘‘(B) prior to receiving any compensation for carrying any passengers on the aircraft— ‘‘(i) informs, in writing, the passengers about the risks of the aircraft and commer-cial space transportation support flight, in-cluding the safety record for the operator’s fleet of similar vehicle types and informa-tion sufficient to adequately describe the safety record for the vehicle type regardless of operator; and ‘‘(ii) informs, in writing, any passenger that the United States Government has not certified the aircraft as safe for carrying crew or passengers; ‘‘(C) provides any passenger an opportunity to ask questions orally to acquire a better understanding of the safety record of the air-craft and commercial space transportation support flight; and ‘‘(D) obtains written informed consent from any individual serving as crew and all passengers of the commercial space trans-portation support flight that— ‘‘(i) identifies the specific aircraft the con-sent covers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.010 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3638 April 26, 2018 
‘‘(ii) states that the individual understands the risk and that the presence of the indi-vidual on board the aircraft is voluntary; and ‘‘(iii) is signed and dated by the individual. ‘‘(3) When the aircraft is also a launch ve-hicle, reentry vehicle, or component of a launch or reentry vehicle, the operator of the aircraft holds a license or permit issued under chapter 509 of title 51 for that vehicle or vehicle component. ‘‘(4) Any other requirements that the Ad-ministrator may prescribe to permit a com-mercial space transportation support flight under this section. ‘‘(c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) Section 44711(a)(1) shall not apply to a person conducting a commercial space trans-portation support flight under this section only to the extent that a term of the experi-mental certificate under which the person is operating the aircraft prohibits the carriage of persons or property for compensation or hire. ‘‘(2) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to limit the authority of the Adminis-trator to exempt a person from a regulatory prohibition on the carriage of persons or property for compensation or hire subject to terms and conditions other than those de-scribed in this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘44737. Special rule for certain aircraft oper-ations.’’. At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(48) ‘counter-UAS system’ means a sys-tem or device capable of lawfully and safely disabling, disrupting, or seizing control of an unmanned aircraft or unmanned aircraft sys-tem. ‘‘(49) ‘public unmanned aircraft system’ means an unmanned aircraft system that meets the qualifications and conditions re-quired for operation of a public aircraft. ‘‘(50) ‘small unmanned aircraft’ means an unmanned aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds, including everything that is on board or otherwise attached to the aircraft. ‘‘(51) ‘unmanned aircraft’ means an air-craft that is operated without the possibility of direct human intervention from within or on the aircraft. ‘‘(52) ‘unmanned aircraft system’ means an unmanned aircraft and associated elements (including communication links and the components that control the unmanned air-craft) that are required for the pilot in com-mand to operate safely and efficiently in the national airspace system. ‘‘(53) ‘UTM’ means an unmanned aircraft traffic management system or service.’’. Page 176, strike line 9 (and redesignate ac-cordingly). Page 176, after line 12, insert the following: (3) 3 representatives, to be appointed by the Secretary, to represent the various seg-ments of the air ambulance industry. At the end of subtitle A of title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. 4ll. ENHANCED TRAINING OF FLIGHT AT-TENDANTS. 
Section 44734(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) dealing with allegations of sexual mis-conduct.’’. SEC. 4ll. ADDRESSING SEXUAL MISCONDUCT ON FLIGHTS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF WORKING GROUP .— The Secretary of Transportation shall estab-lish a sexual misconduct incident working group composed of aviation industry stake-holders, relevant Federal agencies, national organizations that specialize in providing services to victims of sexual misconduct, labor organizations that represent relevant aviation employees, and State and local law enforcement agencies. (b) P
URPOSE OF WORKING GROUP .—The pur- pose of the working group shall be to develop best practices for— (1) addressing sexual misconduct on flights; (2) airline employee training; and (3) protocols for law enforcement notifica-tion. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the work-ing group shall submit a report describing the best practices developed pursuant to sub-section (b) to the Secretary, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate. (d) S
UNSET .—The working group estab-lished pursuant to subsection (a) shall termi-nate 60 days after the submission of the re-port pursuant to subsection (c). At the end of subtitle B of title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. 4ll. AIRLINE PASSENGERS WITH DISABIL-ITIES BILL OF RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 423 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 42305. Airline Passengers With Disabilities Bill of Rights ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall develop a document, to be known as the ‘Airline Passengers With Dis-abilities Bill of Rights’, that describes in plain language— ‘‘(1) the basic responsibilities of covered carriers, including their employees and con-tractors, under section 41705; and ‘‘(2) the protections of air passengers with disabilities under section 41705. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENT .—In developing the Bill of Rights, the Secretary shall include, at a minimum, plain language descriptions of re-sponsibilities and protections provided in law related to— ‘‘(1) the right of passengers with disabil-ities to be treated with dignity and respect; ‘‘(2) the right of passengers with disabil-ities to receive timely assistance, if re-quested, from properly trained personnel of covered carriers and their contractors; ‘‘(3) the right of passengers with disabil-ities to travel with and stow wheelchairs, mobility aids, and other assistive devices, in-cluding necessary medications and medical supplies; ‘‘(4) the right of passengers with disabil-ities to receive seating accommodations, if requested, to accommodate a disability; ‘‘(5) the right of passengers with disabil-ities to speak with a complaint resolution of-ficer or to file a complaint with a covered carrier or the Department of Transportation; and ‘‘(6) the right of passengers with disabil-ities to communications in an accessible for-mat as required under Federal regulations. ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The develop-ment of the Bill of Rights may not be con-strued as expanding or restricting the rights available to passengers with disabilities on the day before the date of enactment of this section pursuant to any statute or regula-tion. ‘‘(d) CONSULTATIONS .—In developing the Bill of Rights, the Secretary shall consult with appropriate stakeholders, including dis-ability organizations and covered carriers. ‘‘(e) D
ISPLAY .—Each covered carrier shall include the Bill of Rights— ‘‘(1) on a publicly available internet website of the covered carrier; and ‘‘(2) in any pre-flight notification or com-munication provided to a passenger who alerts the covered carrier in advance of the need for accommodations relating to a dis-ability. ‘‘(f) T
RAINING .—Covered carriers shall sub-mit to the Secretary plans to ensure that their employees and contractors receive training on the responsibilities and protec-tions described in the Bill of Rights. The Secretary shall review such plans to ensure the plans address the matters described in subsection (b). ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) B
ILL OF RIGHTS .—The term ‘Bill of Rights’ means the ‘Airline Passengers With Disabilities Bill of Rights’ developed under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) C
OVERED CARRIER .—The term ‘covered carrier’ means an air carrier or foreign air carrier, as those terms are defined in section 40102(a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 423 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘42305. Airline Passengers With Disabilities Bill of Rights.’’. 
SEC. 4ll. CIVIL PENALTIES RELATING TO HARM TO PASSENGERS WITH DISABIL-ITIES. 
Section 46301(a) of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) P
ENALTIES RELATING TO HARM TO PAS-
SENGERS WITHDISABILITIES .— ‘‘(A) P
ENALTY FOR BODILY HARM OR DAMAGE  
TO WHEELCHAIR OR OTHER MOBILITY AID .—The amount of a civil penalty assessed under this section for a violation of section 41705 may be increased above the otherwise applicable maximum amount under this section to an amount not to exceed 3 times the maximum civil penalty otherwise allowed if the viola-tion involves— ‘‘(i) injury to a passenger with a disability; or ‘‘(ii) damage to the passenger’s wheelchair or other mobility aid. ‘‘(B) S
EPARATE OFFENCES .—Notwith- standing paragraph (2), a separate violation of section 41705 occurs for each act of dis-crimination prohibited by that section.’’. 
SEC. 4ll. HARMONIZATION OF SERVICE ANIMAL STANDARDS. 
(a) R ULEMAKING .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall conduct a rulemaking pro-ceeding— (1) to define the term ‘‘service animal’’ for purposes of air transportation; and (2) to develop minimum standards for what is required for service and emotional support animals carried in aircraft cabins. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the rulemaking under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall consider, at a minimum— (1) whether to align the definition of ‘‘serv-ice animal’’ with the definition of that term in regulations of the Department of Justice implementing the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–336); (2) reasonable measures to ensure pets are not claimed as service animals, such as— (A) whether to require photo identification for a service animal identifying the type of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.010 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3639 April 26, 2018 
animal, the breed of animal, and the service the animal provides to the passenger; (B) whether to require documentation indi-cating whether or not a service animal was trained by the owner or an approved training organization; (C) whether to require, from a licensed physician, documentation indicating the mitigating task or tasks a service animal provides to its owner; and (D) whether to allow a passenger to be ac-companied by more than 1 service animal; (3) reasonable measures to ensure the safe-ty of all passengers, such as— (A) whether to require health and vaccina-tion records for a service animal; and (B) whether to require third-party proof of behavioral training for a service animal; (4) the impact additional requirements on service animals could have on access to air transportation for passengers with disabil-ities; and (5) if impacts on access to air transpor-tation for passengers with disabilities are found, ways to eliminate or mitigate those impacts. (c) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a final rule pursuant to the rulemaking conducted under this sec-tion. Page 188, strike lines 1 through 15. Page 188, beginning on line 21, strike ‘‘in-serting’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and insert ‘‘inserting ‘$155,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, $158,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, $161,000,000 for fiscal year 2020, $165,000,000 for fiscal year 2021, $168,000,000 for fiscal year 2022, and $172,000,000 for fiscal year 2023’.’’. Page 197, line 3, strike ‘‘Section’’ and in-sert the following: (a) P
URPOSE AND INPUT .—Section Page 197, after line 17, insert the following: (b) M
ILITARY OPERATIONS EXCLUSION .—Sec- tion 804 of the FAA Modernization and Re-form Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44501 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) M
ILITARY OPERATIONS EXCLUSION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may not realign or consolidate a combined TRACON and tower with radar facility of the FAA under this section if, in 2015, the total annual military operations at the facility comprised at least 40 percent of the total an-nual TRACON operations at the facility. ‘‘(2) TRACON 
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘TRACON’ means terminal radar approach control.’’. Page 230, strike lines 12 and 13 and insert the following: ‘‘United States Code, is amended by striking ‘and’ and all that fol-lows through ‘administrative’ and inserting ‘and administrative’.’’. Page 243, line 20, strike ‘‘(48)’’ and insert ‘‘(54)’’. Page 244, line 6, strike ‘‘44737’’ and insert ‘‘44738’’. Page 244, in the matter following line 18, strike ‘‘44737’’ and insert ‘‘44738’’. At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5ll. FAA EMPLOYEES IN GUAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary of Defense— (1) to allow Federal Aviation Administra-tion employees assigned to Guam, their spouses, and their dependent children access to Department of Defense hospitals located in Guam on a space available basis; and (2) to provide for payments by the Federal Aviation Administration to the Department of Defense for the administrative costs asso-ciated with— (A) enrolling Federal Aviation Administra-tion employees assigned to Guam, their spouses, and their dependent children in any Department of Defense system necessary to allow access pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) billing an insurance company for any medical costs incurred as a result of Federal Aviation Administration employees, their spouses, or their dependent children access-ing and receiving medical treatment or serv-ices at a Department of Defense hospital lo-cated in Guam. (b) FUNDS SUBJECT TO APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds for payments by the Federal Aviation Administration described in subsection (a)(2) are subject to the availability of amounts specifically provided in advance for that pur-pose in appropriations Acts. 
SEC. 5ll. CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR LIVING HISTORY FLIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other law or regulation, in administering sections 61.113(c), 91.9, 91.315, 91.319(a)(1), 91.319(a)(2), 119.5(g), and 119.21(a) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations), the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall allow an aircraft owner or operator to accept mon-etary or in-kind donations for a flight oper-ated by a living history flight experience provider, if the aircraft owner or operator has— (1) volunteered to provide such transpor-tation; and (2) notified any individual that will be on the flight, at the time of inquiry about the flight, that the flight operation is for chari-table purposes and is not subject to the same requirements as a commercial flight. (b) C
ONDITIONS TOENSURE PUBLIC SAFE-
TY.—The Administrator, consistent with cur-rent standards of the Administration for such operations, shall impose minimum standards with respect to training and flight hours for operations conducted by an owner or operator of an aircraft providing living history flight experience operations, includ-ing mandating that the pilot in command of such aircraft hold a commercial pilot certifi-cate with instrument rating and be current and qualified with respect to all ratings or authorizations applicable to the specific air-craft being flown to ensure the safety of flight operations described in subsection (a). (c) L
IVING HISTORY FLIGHT EXPERIENCE  P
ROVIDER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘living history flight experience pro-vider’’ means an aircraft owner, aircraft op-erator, or organization that provides, ar-ranges, or otherwise fosters living history flight experiences for the purpose of ful-filling its mission. 
SEC. 5ll. FAA ORGANIZATIONAL REFORM. 
(a) C HIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER .—Section 106(s) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(s) C
HIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
PPOINTMENT .—There shall be a Chief Technology Officer appointed by the Chief Operating Officer, with the approval of the Secretary. The Chief Technology Officer shall report directly to the Chief Operating Officer and shall be subject to the authority of the Chief Operating Officer. ‘‘(B) M
INIMUM QUALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Technology Officer shall have— ‘‘(i) at least 10 years experience in engi-neering management or another relevant technical management field; and ‘‘(ii) knowledge of or experience in the aviation industry. ‘‘(C) R
EMOVAL .—The Chief Technology Offi-cer shall serve at the pleasure of the Chief Operating Officer. ‘‘(D) RESTRICTION .—The Chief Technology Officer may not also be the Deputy Adminis-trator. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibil-ities of the Chief Technology Officer shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) ensuring the proper operation, main-tenance, and cybersecurity of technology systems relating to the air traffic control system across all program offices of the Ad-ministration; ‘‘(B) coordinating the implementation, op-eration, maintenance, and cybersecurity of technology programs relating to the air traf-fic control system with the aerospace indus-try and other Federal agencies; ‘‘(C) reviewing and providing advice to the Secretary, the Administrator, and the Chief Operating Officer on the Administration’s budget, cost accounting system, and benefit- cost analyses with respect to technology pro-grams relating to the air traffic control sys-tem; ‘‘(D) consulting with the Administrator on the Capital Investment Plan of the Adminis-tration prior to its submission to Congress; ‘‘(E) developing an annual air traffic con-trol system technology operation and main-tenance plan that is consistent with the an-nual performance targets established under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(F) ensuring that the air traffic control system architecture remains, to the max-imum extent practicable, flexible enough to incorporate future technological advances developed and directly procured by aircraft operators. ‘‘(3) C
OMPENSATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Technology Officer shall be paid at an annual rate of basic pay to be determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Chief Operating Of-ficer. The annual rate may not exceed the annual compensation paid under section 102 of title 3. The Chief Technology Officer shall be subject to the postemployment provisions of section 207 of title 18 as if the position of Chief Technology Officer were described in section 207(c)(2)(A)(i) of that title. ‘‘(B) B
ONUS .—In addition to the annual rate of basic pay authorized by subparagraph (A), the Chief Technology Officer may re-ceive a bonus for any calendar year not to exceed 30 percent of the annual rate of basic pay, based upon the Secretary’s evaluation of the Chief Technology Officer’s perform-ance in relation to the performance targets established under paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL PERFORMANCE TARGETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer, in consultation with the Chief Technology Officer, shall es-tablish measurable annual performance tar-gets for the Chief Technology Officer in key operational areas. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—The Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing the annual per-formance targets established under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(5) A
NNUAL PERFORMANCE REPORT .—The Chief Technology Officer shall prepare and transmit to the Secretary of Transportation, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an annual report containing— ‘‘(A) detailed descriptions and metrics of how successful the Chief Technology Officer was in meeting the annual performance tar-gets established under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(B) other information as may be re-quested by the Administrator and the Chief Operating Officer.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.010 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3640 April 26, 2018 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 709(a)(3)(L) of the Vision 100– Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Chief NextGen Officer’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Technology Officer’’. (2) Section 804(a)(4)(A) of the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Chief NextGen Officer’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Tech-nology Officer’’. 
SEC. 5ll. INTRA-AGENCY COORDINATION. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion and the Chief Operating Officer of the Air Traffic Organization to implement poli-cies that— (1) designate the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation as the primary liaison between the commercial space transportation industry and the Ad-ministration; (2) recognize the necessity of, and set forth processes for, launch license and permit holder coordination with the Air Traffic Or-ganization on matters including— (A) the use of air navigation facilities; (B) airspace safety; and (C) planning of commercial space launch and launch support activities; (3) designate a single point of contact with-in the Air Traffic Organization who is re-sponsible for— (A) maintaining letters of agreement be-tween a launch license or permit holder and a Federal Aviation Administration facility; (B) making such letters of agreement available to the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation; (C) ensuring that a facility that has en-tered into such a letter of agreement is aware of and fulfills its responsibilities under the letter; and (D) liaising between the Air Traffic Organi-zation and the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation on any matter relating to such a letter of agree-ment; and (4) require the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation to facili-tate, upon the request of a launch license or permit holder— (A) coordination between a launch license and permit holder and the Air Traffic Orga-nization; and (B) the negotiation of letters of agreement between a launch license or permit holder and a Federal Aviation Administration facil-ity or the Air Traffic Organization. 
SEC. 5ll. FAA CIVIL AVIATION REGISTRY UP-GRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall complete covered up-grades of the Administration’s Civil Aviation Registry (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Registry’’). (b) C
OVERED UPGRADE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered upgrades’’ means— (1) the digitization of nondigital Registry information, including paper documents, microfilm images, and photographs, from an analog or nondigital format to a digital for-mat; (2) the digitalization of Registry manual and paper-based processes, business oper-ations, and functions by leveraging digital technologies and a broader use of digitized data; (3) the implementation of systems allowing a member of the public to submit any infor-mation or form to the Registry and conduct any transaction with the Registry by elec-tronic or other remote means; and (4) allowing more efficient, broader, and re-mote access to the Registry. (c) APPLICABILITY .—The requirements of subsection (a) shall apply to the entire Civil Aviation Registry, including the Aircraft Registration Branch and the Airmen Certifi-cation Branch. (d) M
ANUAL SURCHARGE .—Chapter 453 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 45306. Manual surcharge ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later 6 months after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthor-ization Act of 2018, the Administrator shall impose and collect a surcharge on a Civil Aviation Registry transaction that— ‘‘(1) is conducted in person at the Civil Aviation Registry; ‘‘(2) could be conducted, as determined by the Administrator, with the same or greater level of efficiency by electronic or other re-mote means; and ‘‘(3) is not related to research or other non- commercial activities. ‘‘(b) M
AXIMUM SURCHARGE .—A surcharge imposed and collected under subsection (a) shall not exceed twice the maximum fee the Administrator is authorized to charge for the registration of an aircraft, not used to provide air transportation, after the transfer of ownership under section 45302(b)(2). ‘‘(c) C
REDIT TO ACCOUNT AND AVAIL-
ABILITY .—Monies collected from a surcharge imposed under subsection (a) shall be treated as monies collected under section 45302 and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in section 45302(d).’’. (e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the covered upgrades re-quired under subsection (a) are complete, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate describ-ing— (1) the schedule for the covered upgrades to the Registry; (2) the office responsible for the implemen-tation of the such covered upgrades; (3) the metrics being used to measure progress in implementing the covered up-grades; and (4) the status of the covered upgrades as of the date of the report. 
SEC. 5ll. REGULATORY STREAMLINING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue a final regulation revising section 121.333(c)(3) of title 14, Code of Federal Regu-lations, to apply only to flight altitudes above flight level 410. 
SEC. 5ll. ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES FRAN-CHISE FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this section, the inspector general of the Department of Transportation shall initiate an audit of the Administrative Services Franchise Fund of the FAA (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Franchise Fund’’). (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the audit pursuant to subsection (a), the inspec-tor general shall— (1) review the history, intended purpose, and objectives of the Franchise Fund; (2) describe and assess each program, serv-ice, or activity that uses the Franchise Fund, including— (A) the agencies or government bodies that use each program, service, or activity; (B) the number of employees, including full-time equivalents and contractors, asso-ciated with each program, service, or activ-ity; (C) the costs associated with the employees described in subparagraph (B) and the extent to which such costs are covered by Federal appropriations or Franchise Fund revenue; (D) the revenue, expenses, and profits or losses associated with each program, service, or activity; (E) overhead rates associated with each program, service, or activity; and (F) a breakdown of the revenue collected from services provided to the FAA, Depart-ment of Transportation, other Federal enti-ties, and non-Federal entities; (3) assess the FAA’s governance and over-sight of the Franchise Fund and the pro-grams, service, and activities that use the Franchise Fund, including the use of inter-nal and publicly available performance metrics; (4) evaluate the current and historical un-obligated and unexpended balances of the Franchise Fund; and (5) assess the degree to which FAA policies and controls associated with the Franchise Fund conform with generally accepted ac-counting principles, Federal policies, best practices, or other guidance relating to re-volving funds. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of initiation of the audit described in subsection (a), the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the audit, including findings and recommendations. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. 
SEC. 5ll. REPORT ON AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL MODERNIZATION. 
(a) FAA R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief Operating Officer of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing the multiyear effort of the Ad-ministration to modernize the air transpor-tation system (in this section referred to as the ‘‘modernization effort’’), including— (1) the number of years that the mod-ernization effort has been underway as of the date of the report; (2) the total amount of money expended on the modernization effort as of the date of the report (including a description of how that amount was calculated); (3) the net present value of the benefits re-ported from aircraft operators resulting from the money expended on the modernization effort as of the date of the report; (4) a definition for the Next Generation Air Transportation System (in this section re-ferred to as ‘‘NextGen’’), including a descrip-tion of any changes to that definition that occurred between 2003 and the date of the re-port; (5) the net present value of the money ex-pended on NextGen as of the date of the re-port if such money had been deposited into a Government trust fund instead of being ex-pended on NextGen; (6) a description of the benefits promised and benefits delivered with respect to NextGen as of the date of the report; (7) any changes to the benefits promised with respect to NextGen between the date on which NextGen began and the date of the re-port; (8) a description of each program or project that comprises NextGen, including— (A) when the program or project was initi-ated; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.010 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3641 April 26, 2018 
(B) the total budget for the program or project; (C) the initial budget for the program or project; (D) the acquisition program baseline for the program or project; (E) whether the program or project has ever breached the acquisition program base-line and, if so, a description of when, why, and how the breach was resolved; (F) whether the program or project has been re-baselined or divided into smaller seg-ments and, if so, a description of when, why, and the impact to the cost of the program or project; (G) the initial schedule for the program or project; (H) whether the program or project was de-layed and, if so, a description of how long, why, and the impact to the cost of the pro-gram or project; (I) whether the Administration changed any contract term or deliverable for the pro-gram or project and, if so, a description of the change, why it happened, and the impact to the cost of the program or project; (J) benefits promised with respect to the program or project at initiation; (K) benefits delivered with respect to the program or project as of the date of the re-port; (L) whether the program or project was cancelled and, if so, a description of why and when; (M) for cancelled programs or projects, whether there were any costs associated with the decision to cancel and, if so, a de-scription of the amount of the costs (includ-ing for both the Administration and the pri-vate sector); (N) the metrics, milestones, and deadlines set for the program or project and how the Administration tracked and ensured compli-ance with those metrics, milestones, and deadlines; (O) how the Administration conducted oversight of the program or project and any related stakeholder collaboration efforts; and (P) the status of the program or project as of the date of the report; (9) the date upon which, or milestone by which, the Administration anticipates NextGen will be complete; and (10) any lessons learned during the NextGen effort, and whether, how, and to what effect those lessons have been applied. (b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date on which the re-port required under subsection (a) is sub-mitted, the inspector general of the Depart-ment of Transportation shall review the re-port and submit to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a statement of the inspector general that— (1) determines the accuracy of the informa-tion reported; (2) describes any concerns with the accu-racy of the information reported; (3) summarizes concerns raised by the in-spector general, the Government Account-ability Office, and other sources with respect to the Administration’s implementation and oversight of NextGen since the date on which NextGen began; (4) describes— (A) any pertinent recommendations made by the inspector general related to the Ad-ministration’s implementation and oversight of NextGen since the date on which NextGen began; and (B) whether and how the Administration addressed the recommendations; and (5) provides any other information that the inspector general determines is appropriate. SEC. 5ll. AUTOMATIC DEPENDENT SURVEIL-LANCE-BROADCAST. 
Section 211(b) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is re-pealed. The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall ensure that any regulation issued pursuant to such sub-section has no force or effect. 
SEC. 5ll. YOUTH ACCESS TO AMERICAN JOBS IN AVIATION TASK FORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall establish a Youth Access to American Jobs in Aviation Task Force (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Task Force’’). (b) D
UTIES .—Not later than 12 months after its establishment under subsection (a), the Task Force shall develop and submit to the Administrator recommendations and strate-gies for the Administration to— (1) facilitate and encourage high school students in the United States, beginning in their junior year, to enroll in and complete career and technical education courses, in-cluding STEM, that would prepare them to enroll in a course of study related to an avia-tion career at an institution of higher edu-cation, including a community college or trade school; (2) facilitate and encourage the students described in paragraph (1) to enroll in a course of study related to an aviation career, including aviation manufacturing, engineer-ing and maintenance, at an institution of higher education, including a community college or trade school; and (3) identify and develop pathways for stu-dents who complete a course of study de-scribed in paragraph (2) to secure registered apprenticeships, workforce development pro-grams, or careers in the aviation industry of the United States. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—When developing rec-ommendations and strategies under sub-section (b), the Task Force shall— (1) identify industry trends that encourage or discourage youth in the United States from pursuing careers in aviation; (2) consider how the Administration; air carriers; aircraft, powerplant, and avionics manufacturers; aircraft repair stations; and other aviation stakeholders can coordinate efforts to support youth in pursuing careers in aviation; (3) identify methods of enhancing aviation apprenticeships, job skills training, mentorship, education, and outreach pro-grams that are exclusive to youth in the United States; and (4) identify potential sources of govern-ment and private sector funding, including grants and scholarships, that may be used to carry out the recommendations and strate-gies described in subsection (b) and to sup-port youth in pursuing careers in aviation. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after submission of the recommendations and strategies under subsection (b), the Task Force shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report outlining such rec-ommendations and strategies. (e) C
OMPOSITION OF TASKFORCE .—The Ad- ministrator shall appoint members of the Task Force, including representatives from the following: (1) Air carriers. (2) Aircraft, powerplant, and avionics man-ufacturers. (3) Aircraft repair stations. (4) Local educational agencies or high schools. (5) Institutions of higher education, includ-ing community colleges and aviation trade schools. (6) Such other aviation and educational stakeholders and experts as the Adminis-trator considers appropriate. (f) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed to the Task Force for the duration of the existence of the Task Force. (g) C
OMPENSATION .—Task Force members shall serve without compensation. (h) S
UNSET .—The Task Force shall termi-nate upon the submittal of the report pursu-ant to subsection (d). (i) D
EFINITION OF STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ means— (1) science, technology, engineering, and mathematics; and (2) other career and technical education subjects that build on the subjects described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5ll. AIRPORT INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 47134 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘Airport investment partnership pro-gram’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘, with re-spect to not more than 10 airports,’’; (3) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘The Secretary may grant an exemption to a sponsor’’ and inserting ‘‘If the Secretary grants an exemption to a sponsor pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall grant an exemption to the sponsor’’; (4) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘The Secretary may grant an exemption to a pur-chaser or lessee’’ and inserting ‘‘If the Sec-retary grants an exemption to a sponsor pur-suant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall grant an exemption to the corresponding purchaser or lessee’’; (5) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM PARTICIPATION .— ‘‘(1) M
ULTIPLE AIRPORTS .—The Secretary may consider applications under this section submitted by a public airport sponsor for multiple airports under the control of the sponsor. ‘‘(2) P
ARTIAL PRIVATIZATION .—A purchaser or lessee may be an entity in which a spon-sor has an interest.’’; and (6) by striking subsections (l) and (m) and inserting the following: ‘‘(l) P
REDEVELOPMENT LIMITATION .—A grant to an airport sponsor under this sub-chapter for predevelopment planning costs relating to the preparation of an application or proposed application under this section may not exceed $750,000 per application or proposed application.’’. (b) A
IRPORT DEVELOPMENT .—Section 47102(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) predevelopment planning, including financial, legal, or procurement consulting services, related to an application or pro-posed application for an exemption under section 47134.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 47134 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘47134. Airport investment partnership pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 5ll. REVIEW AND REFORM OF FAA PER-FORMANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF ADVISORY PANEL .— Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish an advisory panel comprising no more than 7 inde-pendent, nongovernmental experts in budget, finance, or personnel management to review and evaluate the effectiveness of the FAA’s personnel management system and perform-ance management program for employees 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.010 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3642 April 26, 2018 
not covered by collective bargaining agree-ments. (b) R
EVIEW , EVALUATION , ANDRECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—The advisory panel shall, at a min-imum— (1) review all appropriate FAA orders, poli-cies, procedures, guidance, and the Human Resources Policy Manual; (2) review any applicable reports regarding FAA’s personnel management system, in-cluding reports of the Department of Trans-portation Office of Inspector General, Gov-ernment Accountability Office, and National Academy of Public Administration, and de-termine the status of recommendations made in those reports; (3) review the personnel management sys-tem of any other agency or governmental en-tity with a similar system to the FAA for best practices with regard to personnel man-agement; (4) assess the unique personnel authorities granted to the FAA, determine whether the FAA has taken full advantage of those au-thorities, and identify those authorities the FAA has not fully taken advantage of; (5) review and determine the overall effec-tiveness of the FAA’s compensation, bonus pay, performance metrics, and evaluation processes for employees not covered by col-lective bargaining agreements; (6) review whether existing performance metrics and bonus pay practices align with the FAA’s mission and significantly improve the FAA’s provision of air traffic services, implementation of air traffic control mod-ernization initiatives, and accomplishment of other FAA operational objectives; (7) identify the highest, lowest, and aver-age complete compensation for each position of employees not covered by collective bar-gaining agreements; (8) survey interested parties and stake-holders, including representatives of the aviation industry, for their views and rec-ommendations regarding improvements to the FAA’s personnel management system and performance management program; (9) develop recommendations to address the findings of the work done pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (7), and to address views and recommendations raised by inter-ested parties pursuant to paragraph (8); and (10) develop recommendations to improve the FAA’s personnel management system and performance management program, in-cluding the compensation, bonus pay, per-formance metrics, and evaluation processes, for employees not covered by collective bar-gaining agreements. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after initiating the review and evaluation pursu-ant to subsection (a), the advisory panel shall submit a report on the results of the re-view and evaluation and its recommenda-tions to the Secretary, the Administrator, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 months after submittal of the report pursu-ant to subsection (c), the Administrator shall transmit to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report summarizing the findings of the advisory panel that— (1) contains an explanation of how the Ad-ministrator will implement the rec-ommendations of the advisory panel and measure the effectiveness of the rec-ommendations; and (2) specifies any recommendations that the Administrator will not implement and the reasons for not implementing such rec-ommendations. (e) AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator has the authority to put in place any rec-ommendations of the advisory panel. (f) S
UNSET .—The advisory panel shall ter-minate on the date that is 60 days after the transmittal of the report pursuant to sub-section (d). (g) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘FAA’’ means the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. 
SEC. 5ll. CONTRACT WEATHER OBSERVERS. 
Section 2306(b) of the FAA Extension, Safe-ty, and Security Act of 2016 (Public Law 114– 190; 130 Stat. 641) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 5ll. REGIONS AND CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 44507 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the section heading and in-serting ‘‘Regions and centers’’; (2) by striking ‘‘The Civil Aeromedical In-stitute’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
IVIL AEROMEDICAL INSTITUTE .—The Civil Aeromedical Institute’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) W
ILLIAM J. H UGHES TECHNICAL CEN-
TER.—The Secretary of Transportation shall define the roles and responsibilities of the William J. Hughes Technical Center in a manner that is consistent with the defined roles and responsibilities of the Civil Aeromedical Institute under subsection (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 445 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 44507 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘44507. Regions and centers.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the manager’s amend-ment. A vote for this amendment is a vote for positive change. A vote against it would be a real missed op-portunity to make the bill better. This amendment enhances the train-ing of flight attendants so they are bet-ter equipped to deal with sexual mis-conduct. It also establishes working groups to develop best practices on how to address sexual misconduct on flights and improve airline employee training. The amendment addresses an issue which is important to the traveling public and our constituents, and to each of us, in a thoughtful and respect-ful way. The amendment adds to the provi-sions included in H.R. 4 to improve the air travel experience of disabled Ameri-cans. It establishes an Airline Pas-sengers with Disabilities Bill of Rights to clarify the rights of passengers with disabilities and the responsibilities of airlines and airports. The amendment also strengthens the civil penalties for violations that in-volve injury to a passenger with a dis-ability or damage to a passenger’s wheelchair or other mobility aid. Finally, the amendment will make it better for both passengers and service animals by harmonizing standards. This will provide much-needed clarity in an area where there is real confu-sion. We worked closely with organiza-tions representing persons with disabil-ities, as well as with the airline indus-try, and I want to thank all those who were willing to come to the table to make those improvements. Last week, we witnessed a tragedy when an engine exploded in midair, killing a passenger. A far bigger trag-edy was averted thanks again to the professionalism of the flight crew and to the pilot, which I talked about ear-lier. The same airline experienced a simi-lar incident 2 years ago, and while the FAA and industry have begun inspec-tions, we must ensure that the airline engine safety is thoroughly assessed, and this amendment mandates a call to action to bring relevant people to-gether to examine and address any risk associated with airline engines. The amendment also requires a deep- dive study of general aviation. This sector of aviation has the highest num-ber of accidents, injuries, and fatali-ties. While general aviation safety has im-proved in recent years, in fiscal year 2016, there were still 213 fatal accidents and 379 fatalities. We must improve the safety of the general aviation community. They share the skies with other airspace users and operate above our neighbor-hoods. We can and must do better. Again, the amendment also provides for the direction on how the FAA should spend the additional general fund, operations, airport infrastruc-ture, and F&E money in 2019 and there-after. It also revises the FAA authorization levels to reflect the updated CBO base-lines for fiscal year 2018. In response to the drone sightings around airports, the amendment makes counter-drone systems AIP eligible. It makes improvement to the Airport Investment Partnership Program so that we can leverage private sector money for our airport infrastructure needs. There are some good government re-forms in here. The amendment repeals a costly mandate for aircraft avionics that have not yet proven to be bene-ficial. This will relieve a future burden on aircraft operators. The amendment would bring certain FAA processes into the digital age and review agency practices. Some other important changes are: The amendment authorizes expendi-tures for commercial space transpor-tation activities of the FAA; It also requires better intra-FAA co-ordination on commercial space trans-portation’s use of the national airspace and addresses the industry’s support aircraft; Commercial space transportation op-erators, like other users of the air-space, must coordinate and follow in-structions of air traffic controllers; Air traffic controllers keep us mov-ing safely across this country, but they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.010 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3643 April 26, 2018 
also work in far-off places, including Guam. This amendment requires the FAA workers to work with the Depart-ment of Defense so that these folks and their families can get good medical care on the island of Guam; Finally, the amendment establishes the Youth in Aviation Task Force to attract young people to aviation jobs. This is critical to ensure that our avia-tion system prospers in the years ahead. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a good amendment, it has bipartisan sup-port and will improve the underlying bill. I urge all Members to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I cer-tainly support the amendment offered by the gentleman. He listed a number of provisions. I don’t want to be repet-itive, but I think the call to action re-garding uncontained airliner engine failures is critical. That is actually the second uncontained failure of that en-gine with Southwest Airlines in 18 months, which means that somewhere turbine blades are not a life-limited part. There is something amiss in the manufacturing process, and we need to get to the bottom of that. We also need to be sure that the proper testing is being done to ensure their integrity as the planes continue to fly. It also has some language regarding incidents of sexual misconduct on flights I support, but I am preparing and will offer a broader stand-alone provision bill on that subject in the near future. It modestly increases funding levels for aviation programs and includes a $1 billion annual infusion from the gen-eral fund for certain AIP projects, prin-cipally for small airports in rural com-munities. This falls far short of meeting the needs of all airports and all the gates and terminal work we need, as I men-tioned earlier in discussing the lack of a PFC in this bill. Finally, it creates a newly named po-sition in the FAA, that would be chief technology officer. Currently, the de-partment administrator acts as the chief technology officer. So I am not quite certain what that accomplishes, but I will certainly look forward to monitoring that position and the progress and reports on NextGen that that person produces in the near fu-ture. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. G
RAVES ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, our general aviation pilot. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the chairman for his work on putting together a long-term bill. Mr. Chairman, one of the priorities which was included in the manager’s amendment is a program to invest in our small airports. As part of the increased investment in transportation programs that was provided in the fiscal year 2018 omni-bus, we provided an additional $1 bil-lion to the FAA in discretionary grants to small airports. Now airports across the country are going to have the op-portunity to compete for additional dollars to carry out the larger projects. We also have some very important accountability measures. As such, we are asking to review all the FAA’s ef-forts to date on NextGen. This is pure and simple accountability to ensure our tax dollars are being spent to exe-cute the important goals of NextGen. Mr. Chairman, I ask all of my col-leagues to support the manager’s amendment, obviously, and the under-lying bill. This is a good bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), a member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the leadership of this committee for their work. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the en bloc amendment, and I wanted to specifically mention a provision that is very important to the folks who are in Palm Beach County and also Bedminster, New Jersey, which is this constituency of Mr. L
ANCE . Mr. Chairman, regardless of what your political ideology is, it is very im-portant for the President to be safe whenever he travels, and this often re-sults in travel restrictions in the local-ity he visits. In terms of my locality, Palm Beach County, Florida, Mr. Trump has spent 70 days this year at Mar-a-Lago, dubbed as the winter White House. But here is what happens when he visits a small business operating airport called Lantana Airport, which is 10 miles from Mar-a-Lago: It is completely shut down, which means basically there is a lot of lost income. It is estimated al-most $1 million a year. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, if you translate that out, that would be $4 million. As I said, the President’s safety is paramount, and the impact to the local business is a problem. So there is a pro-vision in this amendment that requires the FAA to study the economic impact of flight restrictions, which I think is a good thing, and to analyze the possi-bilities of some other options. Mr. Chairman, again, I do support this amendment. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHU-
STER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
OSAR ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 2758. An act to amend title 36, United States Code, to provide for the display of the National League of Families POW/MIA flag at the World War I Memorials. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
SHUSTER OF PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, pursu-ant to House Resolution 839, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
ALMER ). The Clerk will designate the amend-ments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, and 30 printed in part A of House Report 115–650, offered by Mr. S
HUSTER of Pennsylvania: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
GEORGIA  Page 11, after line 7, insert the following: 
SEC. 1ll. USE OF FUNDS FROM PASSENGER FA-CILITY CHARGES TO PREVENT POWER OUTAGES. 
Section 40117(a)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) An on-airport project to purchase and install generators to prevent power outages in passenger areas of the airport, to separate an airport’s redundant power supply and its main power supply, or for any other on-air-port project to prevent power outages or damage to the airport’s power supply.’’. Page 32, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 1ll. USE OF AIRPORT IMPROVEMENT FUNDS TO PREVENT POWER OUT-AGES. 
Section 47102(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) an on-airport project to purchase and install generators to prevent power outages in the passenger areas of the airport, sepa-rate an airport’s redundant power supply and its main power supply, or prevent power out-ages in the airport or damage to the air-port’s power supply.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 12, line 23, insert ‘‘a sink or sanitizing equipment,’’ after ‘‘surface,’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MRS . WATSON  
COLEMAN OF NEW JERSEY  Page 13, line 19, strike ‘‘building.’’ and in-sert ‘‘building and will maintain a baby 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.040 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3644 April 26, 2018 
changing table in 1 men’s and 1 women’s restroom in each passenger terminal build-ing of the airport.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . MCMORRIS  
RODGERS OF WASHINGTON  Page 25, strike lines 13 through 18 and in-sert the following: (2) E
XEMPTION .—Section 47124(b)(3)(D) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Airports with air service under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, and more than 25,000 passenger enplanements in calendar year 2014 shall be exempt from any cost- share requirement under this subpara-graph.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . WESTERMAN  
OF ARKANSAS  Page 32, after line 9, insert the following: 
SEC. 137. GENERAL WRITTEN ASSURANCES. 
Section 47107(a)(17) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each contract’’ and inserting ‘‘if any phase of such project has received funds under this sub-chapter, each contract’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . 
KRISHNAMOORTHI OF ILLINOIS  Page 37, line 1, insert ‘‘
AND ECONOMIC ’’ after ‘‘
HEALTH ’’. Page 38, line 5, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 38, line 12, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 38, after line 12, insert the following: (5) consider the economic harm or benefits to businesses located party or wholly under-neath flight paths most frequently used by aircraft flying at an altitude lower than 10,000 feet, including during takeoff or land-ing. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL OF  
WASHINGTON  Page 37, line 23, strike ‘‘or’’ at the end. Page 37, after line 23, insert the following (and redesignate the subsequent subpara-graph accordingly): (H) Seattle; or 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI OF  
ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. CONSTRUCTION OF CERTAIN CONTROL TOWERS. 
Section 47116(d) of title 49, United States Code, is amended adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) C
ONTROL TOWER CONSTRUCTION .—Not- withstanding any provision of section 47124(b)(4)(A), the Secretary may provide grants under this section to an airport spon-sor for the construction or improvement of a nonapproach control tower, as defined by the Secretary, and for the acquisition and instal-lation of air traffic control, communica-tions, and related equipment to be used in that tower. Such grants shall be subject to the distribution requirements of subsection (b) and the eligibility requirements of sec-tion 47124(b)(4)(B).’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
NEBRASKA  At the end of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. SMALL AIRPORT REGULATION RELIEF. 
Section 47114(c)(1) is amended by striking subparagraph (F) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2020 .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A) and subject to subparagraph (G), the Secretary shall apportion to a sponsor of an airport under that subparagraph for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020 an amount based on the number of passenger boardings at the airport during calendar year 2012 if the airport— ‘‘(i) had 10,000 or more passenger boardings during calendar year 2012; ‘‘(ii) had fewer than 10,000 passenger boardings during the calendar year used to calculate the apportionment for fiscal year 2018, 2019, or 2020, as applicable, under sub-paragraph (A); and ‘‘(iii) had scheduled air service at any point in the calendar year used to calculate the apportionment.’’. AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 42, line 17, insert the following: (k) A
UTHORIZATION FOR THE TRANSFER OF  F
UNDS FROMDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration may accept funds from the Secretary of Defense to in-crease the authorized funding for this sec-tion by the amount of such transfer only to carry out projects designed for environ-mental mitigation at a site previously, but not currently, managed by the Department of Defense. (2) A
DDITIONAL GRANTEES .—If additional funds are made available by the Secretary of Defense under paragraph (1), the Adminis-trator may increase the number of grantees under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . TED LIEU  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 46, after line 22, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. LEAD EMISSIONS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation shall enter into appropriate arrange-ments with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine under which the National Research Council will conduct a study and develop a report on aviation gasoline. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall include an assessment of— (1) existing non-leaded fuel alternatives to the aviation gasoline used by piston-powered general aviation aircraft; (2) ambient Pb concentrations at and around airports where piston-powered gen-eral aviation aircraft are used; and (3) mitigation measures to reduce ambient Pb concentrations, including increasing the size of run-up areas, relocating run-up areas, imposing restrictions on aircraft using avia-tion gasoline, and increasing the use of motor gasoline in piston-powered general aviation aircraft. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress the report developed by the National Research Council pursuant to this section. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 46, after line 22, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. AIRCRAFT NOISE, EMISSION, AND FUEL BURN REDUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may carry out an aircraft noise, emission, and fuel burn reduction research and development program. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In carrying out the pro-gram under subsection (a), the Secretary may— (1) support efforts to accelerate the devel-opment of new aircraft, engine technologies, and jet fuels; (2) pursue lighter and more efficient tur-bine engine components, advanced aircraft wing designs, fuselage structures for innova-tive aircraft architectures, and smart air-craft and engine control systems; and (3) partner with private industry to accom-plish the goals of the program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . BASS OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title I, insert the following: SEC. 1ll. TERMINAL SEQUENCING AND SPAC-ING. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall report to the appropriate committees of Con-gress on the status of Terminal Sequencing and Spacing (TSAS) implementation across all completed NextGen Metroplexes with spe-cific information provided by airline regard-ing the adoption and equipping of aircraft and the training of pilots in its use. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title I of the bill, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NOISE AND HEALTH IMPACT TRAINING. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on— (1) while maintaining safety as the top pri-ority, whether air traffic controllers and air-space designers are trained on noise and health impact mitigation in addition to effi-ciency; and (2) the prevalence of vectoring flights due to over-crowded departure and arrival paths and alternatives to this practice. (b) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the re-sults of the study. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
OF ARIZONA  Page 51, after line 24, insert the following: (x) Airport owners and operators. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE OF  
MICHIGAN  At the end of subtitle A of title II, insert the following: 
SEC. 2ll. PERFORMANCE STANDARDS FOR FIREFIGHTING FOAMS. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the FAA, using the latest version of National Fire Protection Association 403, ‘‘Standard for Aircraft Rescue and Fire-Fighting Serv-ices at Airports’’, and in coordination with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, aircraft manufacturers and airports, shall not require the use of fluorinated chemicals to meet the perform-ance standards referenced in chapter 6 of AC No: 150/5210–6D and acceptable under 139.319(l) of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . ESTES OF  
KANSAS  Page 72, line 20, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 72, after line 20, insert the following: (H) aircraft manufacturers; and Page 72, line 21, strike ‘‘(H)’’ and insert ‘‘(I)’’. Page 73, after line 7, insert the following: (4) ensuring adequate and timely provision of Flight Standards activities and responses necessary for type certification, operational evaluation, and entry into service of newly manufactured aircraft; Page 73, line 8, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. Page 73, line 10, strike ‘‘(5)’’ and insert ‘‘(6)’’. Page 73, lines 13 through 14, strike ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and insert ‘‘the date of the establishment of the Task Force’’. Page 73, lines 23 through 24, strike ‘‘action or cost-effective legislative action’’ and in-sert ‘‘, policy, or cost-effective legislative ac-tion to improve the efficiency of agency ac-tivities’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 104, line 10, insert ‘‘and pregnant women’’ after ‘‘children’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.011 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3645 April 26, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  Page 109, after line 15, insert the following: (a) W
ORKFORCE READINESS .—The Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion shall coordinate with government, edu-cational institutions, labor organizations representing aviation maintenance workers, and businesses to develop guidance or model curricula for aviation maintenance techni-cian schools certificated under part 147 of title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations to ensure workforce readiness for industry needs, including curricula related to training in avionics, troubleshooting, and other areas of industry needs. (1) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall publish the guidance or model cur-ricula. (2) The Administrator shall publish up-dates to the guidance or model curricula at least once every 2 years from the date of ini-tial publication. Page 109, line 16, strike ‘‘(a)’’ and insert ‘‘(b)’’. Page 109, line 19, strike ‘‘(b)’’ and insert ‘‘(c)’’. Page 110, line 18, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 110, line 22, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. Page 110, after line 22, insert the following: (7) develop recommendations for address-ing the needs for government funding, pri-vate investment, equipment for training pur-poses, and other resources necessary to strengthen existing training programs or de-velop new training programs to support workforce growth in the aviation industry. Page 110, line 23, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert ‘‘(d)’’. Page 111, line 4, strike ‘‘(d)’’ and insert ‘‘(e)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . LONG OF  
MISSOURI  At the end of subtitle A of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. EXIT ROWS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall con-duct a review of current safety procedures regarding unoccupied exit rows on a covered aircraft in passenger air transportation dur-ing all stages of flight. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the re-view, the Administrator shall consult with air carriers, aviation manufacturers, and labor stakeholders. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the review. (d) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means an aircraft operating under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . CRIST OF  
FLORIDA  Page 112, after line 12, insert the following: 
SEC. 319. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON FAA ENFORCEMENT POLICY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study, and report to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the United States Senate on the results thereof, on the effectiveness of Order 8000.373, Federal Aviation Administration Compliance Philos-ophy, announced on June 26, 2015. Such study shall include information about— (1) whether reports of safety incidents in-creased following the order; (2) whether reduced enforcement penalties increased the overall number of safety inci-dents that occurred; and (3) whether FAA enforcement staff reg-istered complaints about reduced enforce-ment reducing compliance with safety regu-lations. AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll SPECIAL RULES FOR MODEL AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to the incor-poration of unmanned aircraft systems into Federal Aviation Administration plans and policies, including this subtitle, the Admin-istrator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion may not promulgate any rule or regula-tion regarding a model aircraft or an aircraft being developed as a model aircraft; except for— (1) rules regarding the registration of cer-tain model aircraft pursuant to section 44103; and (2) rules regarding unmanned aircraft that by design provide advanced flight capabili-ties enabling active, sustained, and con-trolled navigation of the aircraft beyond the visual line of sight of the operator, if— (A) the aircraft is flown strictly for hobby or recreational use; (B) the model aircraft operator is a current member of a community-based organization and whose aircraft is operated in accordance with the organization’s safety rules; (C) the aircraft is limited to not more than 55 pounds unless otherwise certified through a design, construction, inspection, flight test, and operational safety program admin-istered by a community-based organization; (D) the aircraft is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft; (E) the aircraft is not operated over or within the property of a fixed site facility that operates amusement rides available for use by the general public or the property ex-tending 500 lateral feet beyond the perimeter of such facility unless the operation is au-thorized by the owner of the amusement fa-cility; and (F) when flown within 3 miles of an air-port, the operator of the aircraft provides the airport operator and the airport air traf-fic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport) with prior notice of the operation (model aircraft operators fly-ing from a permanent location within 3 miles of an airport should establish a mutually agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). (b) A
UTOMATED INSTANT AUTHORIZATION .— When the FAA has established a fully oper-ational and functional automated instant authorization and notification system, the model aircraft operator shall use this system for access to controlled airspace unless flown at a permanent location made known to the Administrator (model aircraft operators fly-ing from a permanent location should estab-lish a mutually agreed upon operating proce-dure with the airport operator and the air-port air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). (c) C
OMMERCIAL OPERATION FOR INSTRUC -
TIONAL OR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES .—A flight of an unmanned aircraft shall be treated as a flight of a model aircraft for purposes of subsection (a) (regardless of any compensa-tion, reimbursement, or other consideration exchanged or incidental economic benefit gained in the course of planning, operating, or supervising the flight), if the flight is— (1) conducted for instructional or edu-cational purposes; and (2) operated or supervised by a member of a community-based organization recognized pursuant to subsection (e). (d) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue en-forcement action against persons operating model aircraft who endanger the safety of the national airspace system. (e) C
OMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘commu-nity-based organization’’ means a nation-wide membership-based associationn entity that— (1) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; (2) is exempt from tax under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (3) the mission of which is demonstrably the furtherance of model aviation; (4) provides a comprehensive set of safety guidelines for all aspects of model aviation addressing the assembly and operation of model aircraft and that emphasize safe aeromodeling operations within the national airspace system and the protection and safe-ty of individuals and property on the ground, and may provide a comprehensive set of safe-ty rules and programming for the operation of unmanned aircraft that have the advanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft be-yond visual line of sight of the operator; (5) provides programming and support for any local charter organizations, affiliates, or clubs; and (6) provides assistance and support in the development and operation of locally des-ignated model aircraft flying sites. (f) R
ECOGNITION OF COMMUNITY -BASED OR-
GANIZATIONS .—In collaboration with aeromodelling stakeholders, the Adminis-trator shall publish an advisory circular within 180 days of enactment that identifies the criteria and process required for recogni-tion of nationwide community-based organi-zations. This recognition shall be in the form of a memorandum of agreement between the FAA and each community-based organiza-tion and does not require regulatory action to implement. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Except for rules to implement remote identification for un-manned aircraft that by design provide ad-vanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft beyond the visual line of sight of the operator and for rules regarding the registra-tion of certain model aircraft pursuant to section 44103, this section shall become effec-tive when the rule, referred to in section 532 of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, re-garding revisions to part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, becomes final. 
SEC. 3ll. RECREATIONAL UAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall issue rules and regula-tions relating to small UAS flown for rec-reational or educational use, and that are not operated within all of the criteria out-lined in the special rule for model aircraft in section 45505 of title 49, United States Code, or the requirements of part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—When issuing the rules and regulation pursuant to this section, the Administrator shall— (1) require the completion of an online or electronic educational tutorial that is fo-cused on knowledge of the primary rules nec-essary for the safe operation of such UAS and whose completion time is of reasonable length and limited duration; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.011 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3646 April 26, 2018 
(2) include provisions that enable the oper-ation of such UAS by individuals under the age of 16 without a certificated pilot; (3) require UAS operators within Class B, C, D and E airspace to obtain authorization, as the Administrator may determine to be necessary within that airspace, but only after a near- instantaneous automated air-space authorization capability is available for the airspace in which the operator wants o operate; and (4) include provisions that provide specific operational rules for UAS operating in close proximity to airports in class G airspace. (c) M
AINTAINING BROAD ACCESS TO UAS T
ECHNOLOGY .—When issuing rules or regula-tions for the operation of UAS under this section, the Administrator shall not— (1) require the pilot or operator of the UAS to obtain or hold an airman certificate; (2) require a practical flight examination, medical examination, or the completion of a flight training program; (3) limit such UAS operations to pre-des-ignated fixed locations or uncontrolled air-space; or (4) require airworthiness certification of any UAS operated pursuant to this section. (d) C
OLLABORATION .—The Administrator shall carry out this section in collaboration with industry and community-based organi-zations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO OF  
OREGON  Page 138, strike line 1 and all that follows through line 9 on page 141 and insert the fol-lowing (and update the table of contents ac-cordingly): ‘‘§ 45509. Exception for limited recreational operations of unmanned aircraft ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (e), and notwithstanding chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, a person may operate a small unmanned aircraft without specific certification or operating authority from the Federal Aviation Admin-istration if the operation adheres to all of the following limitations: ‘‘(1) The aircraft is flown strictly for rec-reational purposes. ‘‘(2) The aircraft is operated in accordance with or within the programming of a com-munity-based set of safety guidelines that conform with published Federal Aviation Ad-ministration advisory materials. ‘‘(3) The aircraft is flown within the visual line of sight of the person operating the air-craft or a visual observer co-located and in direct communication with the operator. ‘‘(4) The aircraft is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft. ‘‘(5) In Class B, Class C, or Class D airspace or within the lateral boundaries of the sur-face area of Class E airspace designated for an airport, the operator obtains prior au-thorization from the Administrator or des-ignee before operating and complies with all airspace restrictions and prohibitions. ‘‘(6) In Class G airspace, the aircraft is flown from the surface to not more than 400 feet above ground level and complies with all airspace restrictions and prohibitions. ‘‘(7) The operator has passed an aero-nautical knowledge and safety test described in subsection (g) and administered by the Federal Aviation Administration online for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems and maintains proof of test passage to be made available to the Administrator or law enforcement upon request. ‘‘(8) The aircraft is registered and marked in accordance with chapter 441 of this title and proof of registration is made available to the Administrator or a designee of the Ad-ministrator or law enforcement upon re-quest. ‘‘(b) OTHER OPERATIONS .—Unmanned air-craft operations that do not conform to the limitations in subsection (a) must comply with all statutes and regulations generally applicable to unmanned aircraft and un-manned aircraft systems. ‘‘(c) O
PERATIONS AT FIXED SITES.— ‘‘(1) O
PERATING PROCEDURE REQUIRED .—Per- sons operating unmanned aircraft under sub-section (a) from a fixed site within Class B, Class C, or Class D airspace or within the lateral boundaries of the surface area of Class E airspace designated for an airport, or a community-based organization conducting a sanctioned event within such airspace, shall establish a mutually agreed upon oper-ating procedure with the air traffic control facility. ‘‘(2) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT WEIGHING MORE  
THAN 55 POUNDS .—A person may operate an unmanned aircraft weighing more than 55 pounds, including the weight of anything at-tached to or carried by the aircraft, under subsection (a) if— ‘‘(A) the unmanned aircraft complies with standards and limitations developed by a community-based organization and approved by the Administrator; and ‘‘(B) the aircraft is operated from a fixed site as described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) U
PDATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with government and industry stakeholders, including community-based or-ganizations, shall initiate a process to peri-odically update the operational parameters under subsection (a), as appropriate. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In updating an oper-ational parameter under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall consider— ‘‘(A) appropriate operational limitations to mitigate risks to aviation safety and na-tional security, including risk to the unin-volved public and critical infrastructure; ‘‘(B) operations outside the membership, guidelines, and programming of a commu-nity-based organization; ‘‘(C) physical characteristics, technical standards, and classes of aircraft operating under this section; ‘‘(D) trends in use, enforcement, or inci-dents involving unmanned aircraft systems; ‘‘(E) ensuring, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, that updates to the operational pa-rameters correspond to, and leverage, ad-vances in technology; and ‘‘(F) equipage requirements that facilitate safe, efficient, and secure operations and fur-ther integrate all unmanned aircraft into the National Airspace System. ‘‘(3) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed as expanding the authority of the Administrator to require a person operating an unmanned aircraft under this section to seek permissive author-ity of the Administrator, beyond that re-quired in subsection (a) of this section, prior to operation in the National Airspace Sys-tem. ‘‘(e) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue an enforcement action against a person oper-ating any unmanned aircraft who endangers the safety of the National Airspace System. ‘‘(f) E
XCEPTIONS .—Nothing in this section prohibits the Administrator from promul-gating rules generally applicable to un-manned aircraft, including those unmanned aircraft eligible for the exception set forth in this section, relating to— ‘‘(1) updates to the operational parameters for unmanned aircraft in subsection (a); ‘‘(2) the registration and marking of un-manned aircraft; ‘‘(3) the standards for remotely identifying owners and operators of unmanned aircraft systems and associated unmanned aircraft; and ‘‘(4) other standards consistent with main-taining the safety and security of the Na-tional Airspace System. ‘‘(g) AERONAUTICAL KNOWLEDGE AND SAFE-
TYTEST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator, in consultation with manufacturers of unmanned aircraft sys-tems, other industry stakeholders, and com-munity-based aviation organizations, shall develop an aeronautical knowledge and safe-ty test that can be administered electroni-cally. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall ensure the aeronautical knowledge and safety test is designed to adequately dem-onstrate an operator’s— ‘‘(A) understanding of aeronautical safety knowledge; and ‘‘(B) knowledge of Federal Aviation Ad-ministration regulations and requirements pertaining to the operation of an unmanned aircraft system in the National Airspace System.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MS . HANABUSA  
OF HAWAII  Page 157, line 2, strike the semicolon and insert ‘‘, including during emergency situa-tions that may threaten public safety;’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
MINNESOTA  Page 161, after line 22, insert the following: 
SEC. 342. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS INTE-GRATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may establish a pilot program to enable enhanced drone operations as re-quired in the October 25, 2017 Presidential Memorandum entitled ‘‘Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integration Pilot Program’’ and de-scribed in 82 Federal Register 50301. (b) A
PPLICATIONS .—The Secretary shall ac-cept applications from State, local, and Trib-al governments, in partnership with un-manned aircraft system operators and other private-sector stakeholders, to test and evaluate the integration of civil and public UAS operations into the low-altitude na-tional airspace system. (c) O
BJECTIVES .—The purpose of the pilot program is to accelerate existing UAS inte-gration plans by working to solve technical, regulatory, and policy challenges, while ena-bling advanced UAS operations in select areas subject to ongoing safety oversight and cooperation between the Federal Govern-ment and applicable State, local, or Tribal jurisdictions, in order to— (1) accelerate the safe integration of UAS into the NAS by testing and validating new concepts of beyond visual line of sight oper-ations in a controlled environment, focusing on detect and avoid technologies, command and control links, navigation, weather, and human factors; (2) address ongoing concerns regarding the potential security and safety risks associ-ated with UAS operating in close proximity to human beings and critical infrastructure by ensuring that operators communicate more effectively with Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement to enable law en-forcement to determine if a UAS operation poses such a risk; (3) promote innovation in and development of the United States unmanned aviation in-dustry, especially in sectors such as agri-culture, emergency management, inspection, and transportation safety, in which there are significant public benefits to be gained from the deployment of UAS; and (4) identify the most effective models of balancing local and national interests in UAS integration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.011 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3647 April 26, 2018 
(d) A PPLICATION SUBMISSION .—The Sec-retary shall establish application require-ments and require applicants to include the following information: (1) Identification of the airspace to be used, including shape files and altitudes. (2) Description of the types of planned op-erations. (3) Identification of stakeholder partners to test and evaluate planned operations. (4) Identification of available infrastruc-ture to support planned operations. (5) Description of experience with UAS op-erations and regulations. (6) Description of existing UAS operator and any other stakeholder partnerships and experience. (7) Description of plans to address safety, security, competition, privacy concerns, and community outreach. (e) R
EASONABLE TIME, MANNER , ANDPLACE  L
IMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) R
EQUESTS .—The Lead Applicant may request reasonable time, place and manner limitations on low-altitude UAS operations within its jurisdiction to facilitate the pro-posed development and testing of new and in-novative UAS concepts of operations in addi-tion to other selection criteria. (B) S
ELF-IMPLEMENTING PROVISIONS .—The Secretary shall require jurisdictions to en-sure that any time, place and manner limita-tions, including those adopted through means such as legislation or regulation, in-clude self-implementing provisions that automatically terminate those restrictions upon the termination of the Memorandum of Agreement. (C) M
ONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Monitoring and enforce-ment of any limitations enacted pursuant to this pilot project shall be the responsibility of the jurisdiction. (ii) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in clause (i) may be construed to prevent the Sec-retary from enforcing Federal law. (2) E
XAMPLES .—Examples of reasonable time, manner, and place limitations may in-clude— (A) prohibiting flight during specified morning and evening rush hours or only per-mitting flight during specified hours such as daylight hours, sufficient to ensure reason-able airspace access; (B) establishing designated take-off and landing zones, limiting operations over mov-ing locations or fixed site public road and parks, sidewalks or private property based on zoning density, or other land use consid-erations; (C) requiring notice to public safety or zon-ing or land use authorities before operating; (D) limiting UAS operations within des-ignated altitudes within airspace over the ju-risdiction; (E) specifying maximum speed of flight over specified areas; (F) prohibiting operations in connection with community or sporting events that do not remain in one place (for example, pa-rades and running events); and (G) mandating equipage. (f) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In making deter-minations, the Secretary shall evaluate whether applications meet or exceed the fol-lowing criteria: (1) Overall economic, geographic, and cli-matic diversity of the selected jurisdictions. (2) Overall diversity of the proposed models of government involvement. (3) Overall diversity of the UAS operations to be conducted. (4) The location of critical infrastructure. (5) The involvement of commercial entities in the proposal and their ability to advance objectives that may serve the public interest as a result of further integration of UAS into the NAS. (6) The involvement of affected commu-nities in, and their support for, participating in the pilot program. (7) The commitment of the governments and UAS operators involved in the proposal to comply with requirements related to na-tional defense, homeland security, and pub-lic safety and to address competition, pri-vacy, and civil liberties concerns. (8) The commitment of the governments and UAS operators involved in the proposal to achieve the following policy objectives: (A) Promoting innovation and economic development. (B) Enhancing transportation safety. (C) Enhancing workplace safety. (D) Improving emergency response and search and rescue functions. (E) Using radio spectrum efficiently and competitively. (g) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall use the data collected and experience gained over the course of this pilot program to— (1) identify and resolve technical chal-lenges to UAS integration; (2) address airspace use to safely and effi-ciently integrate all aircraft; (3) inform operational standards and proce-dures to improve safety (for example, detect and avoid capabilities, navigation and alti-tude performance, and command and control link); (4) inform FAA standards that reduce the need for waivers (for example, for operations over human beings, night operations, and be-yond visual line of sight); and (5) address competing interests regarding UAS operational expansion, safety, security, roles and responsibilities of non-Federal Government entities, and privacy issues. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Lead Applicant’’ means an eligible State, local or Tribal government that has submitted a timely application. (2) The term ‘‘NAS’’ means the low-alti-tude national airspace system. (3) The term ‘‘UAS’’ means unmanned air-craft system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle B of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. 3ll. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) UAS S AFETY ENFORCEMENT .—The Ad- ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration shall establish a program to utilize available remote detection and identifica-tion technologies for safety oversight, in-cluding enforcement actions against opera-tors of unmanned aircraft systems that are not in compliance with applicable Federal aviation laws, including regulations. (b) R
EPORTING .—As part of the program, the Administrator shall establish and pub-licize a mechanism for the public and Fed-eral, State, and local law enforcement to re-port suspected operation of unmanned air-craft in violation of applicable Federal laws and regulations. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, and annually thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the following: (1) The number of unauthorized unmanned aircraft operations detected in restricted air-space, including in and around airports, to-gether with a description of such operations. (2) The number of enforcement cases brought by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion or other Federal agencies for unauthor-ized operation of unmanned aircraft detected through the program, together with a de-scription of such cases. (3) Recommendations for safety and oper-ational standards for unmanned aircraft de-tection and mitigation systems. (4) Recommendations for any legislative or regulatory changes related to mitigation or detection or identification of unmanned air-craft systems. AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
OF WISCONSIN  At the end of subtitle B of title III of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ACTIVELY TETHERED PUBLIC UAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall issue such regulations as are necessary to authorize the use of certain actively tethered public unmanned aircraft system by government public safety agencies without any requirement to obtain a certifi-cate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or other approval by the Federal Aviation Administration. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations issued pursuant to subsection (a) shall establish risk-based operational conditions for oper-ation of actively tethered public unmanned aircraft systems by government public safe-ty agencies that recognize and accommodate the unique operational circumstances of such systems, including the requirements that the aircraft component may only be op-erated— (1) within the line of sight of the operator; (2) less than 200 feet above the ground; (3) within class G airspace; and (4) at least 5 statute miles from the geo-graphic center of a tower-controller airport or airport denoted on a current aeronautical chart published by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, except that an actively teth-ered public unmanned aircraft system may be operated closer than 5 statute miles to the airport if— (A) the operator of the actively tethered public unmanned aircraft system provides prior notice to the airport operator and re-ceives, for a tower-controlled airport, prior approval from the air traffic control facili-tate located at the airport; or (B) the exigent circumstances of an emer-gency prevent the giving of notice con-templated by clause (i) and the actively tethered public unmanned aircraft system is operated outside the flight path of any manned aircraft. (c) D
EFINITION OF ACTIVELY TETHERED PUB-
LICUNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘actively tethered public unmanned aircraft system’’ means public unmanned aircraft system in which the unmanned aircraft com-ponent— (1) weighs 4.4 pounds or less, including pay-load; (2) is physically attached to a ground sta-tion with a taut, appropriately load-rated tether that provides continuous power to the unmanned aircraft; and (3) is capable of being controlled and re-trieved by such ground station through phys-ical manipulation of the tether. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. G OSAR ). Pur-suant to House Resolution 839, the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HU-
STER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 10 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED  
BY MR . SHUSTER OF PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 25 be modified by the form I have placed at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.011 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3648 April 26, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 25 printed in part A of House Report No. 115–650 offered by Mr. S
ANFORD of South Carolina: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: The amendment is modified as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3ll SPECIAL RULES FOR MODEL AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to the incor-poration of unmanned aircraft systems into Federal Aviation Administration plans and policies, including this subtitle, the Admin-istrator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion may not promulgate any rule or regula-tion regarding a model aircraft or an aircraft being developed as a model aircraft, except for— (1) rules regarding the registration of cer-tain model aircraft pursuant to section 44103; and (2) rules regarding unmanned aircraft that by design provide advanced flight capabili-ties enabling active, sustained, and con-trolled navigation of the aircraft beyond the visual line of sight of the operator, if— (A) the aircraft is flown strictly for hobby or recreational use; (B) the model aircraft operator is a current member of a community-based organization and whose aircraft is operated in accordance with the organization’s safety rules; (C) the aircraft is limited to not more than 55 pounds unless otherwise certified through a design, construction, inspection, flight test, and operational safety program admin-istered by a community-based organization; (D) the aircraft is operated in a manner that does not interfere with and gives way to any manned aircraft; (E) the aircraft is not operated over or within the property of a fixed site facility that operates amusement rides available for use by the general public or the property ex-tending 500 lateral feet beyond the perimeter of such facility unless the operation is au-thorized by the owner of the amusement fa-cility; and (F) when flown within 5 miles of an air-port, the operator of the aircraft provides the airport operator and the airport air traf-fic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport) with prior notice of the operation (model aircraft operators fly-ing from a permanent location within 5 miles of an airport should establish a mutually agreed upon operating procedure with the airport operator and the airport air traffic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport)). (b) A
UTOMATED INSTANT AUTHORIZATION .— When the FAA has developed and imple-mented an automated airspace authorization system for the airspace in which the oper-ator wants to operate, the model aircraft op-erator shall use this system for authoriza-tion to controlled airspace unless flown— (1) at a permanent location agreed to by the Administrator; and (2) in accordance with a mutually agreed upon operating procedure established with the airport operator and the airport air traf-fic control tower (when an air traffic facility is located at the airport). (d) C
OMMERCIAL OPERATION FOR INSTRUC -
TIONAL OR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES .—A flight of an unmanned aircraft shall be treated as a flight of a model aircraft for purposes of subsection (a) (regardless of any compensa-tion, reimbursement, or other consideration exchanged or incidental economic benefit gained in the course of planning, operating, or supervising the flight), if the flight is— (1) conducted for instructional or edu-cational purposes; and (2) operated or supervised by a member of a community-based organization recognized pursuant to subsection (e). (e) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the Administrator to pursue en-forcement action against persons operating model aircraft who endanger the safety of the national airspace system. (f) C
OMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘commu-nity-based organization’’ means a nation-wide membership-based association entity that— (1) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986; (2) is exempt from tax under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (3) the mission of which is demonstrably the furtherance of model aviation; (4) provides a comprehensive set of safety guidelines for all aspects of model aviation addressing the assembly and operation of model aircraft and that emphasize safe aeromodeling operations within the national airspace system and the protection and safe-ty of individuals and property on the ground, and may provide a comprehensive set of safe-ty rules and programming for the operation of unmanned aircraft that have the advanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft be-yond visual line of sight of the operator; (5) provides programming and support for any local charter organizations, affiliates, or clubs; and (6) provides assistance and support in the development and operation of locally des-ignated model aircraft flying sites. (g) R
ECOGNITION OF COMMUNITY -BASED OR-
GANIZATIONS .—In collaboration with aeromodelling stakeholders, the Adminis-trator shall publish an advisory circular within 180 days of enactment that identifies the criteria and process required for recogni-tion of nationwide community-based organi-zations. This recognition shall be in the form of a memorandum of agreement between the FAA and each community-based organiza-tion and does not require regulatory action to implement. (h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Except for rules to implement remote identification for un-manned aircraft that by design provide ad-vanced flight capabilities enabling active, sustained, and controlled navigation of the aircraft beyond the visual line of sight of the operator and for rules regarding the registra-tion of certain model aircraft pursuant to section 44103, this section shall become effec-tive when the rule, referred to in section 532 of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, re-garding revisions to part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, becomes final. 
SEC. 3ll. RECREATIONAL UAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall issue rules and regula-tions relating to small UAS flown for rec-reational or educational use, and that are not operated within all of the criteria out-lined in the special rule for model aircraft in section 45505 of title 49, United States Code, or the requirements of part 107 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—When issuing the rules and regulation pursuant to this section, the Administrator shall— (1) require the completion of an online or electronic educational tutorial that is fo-cused on knowledge of the primary rules nec-essary for the safe operation of such UAS and whose completion time is of reasonable length and limited duration; (2) include provisions that enable the oper-ation of such UAS by individuals under the age of 16 without a certificated pilot; (3) require UAS operators within Class B, C, D and E airspace to obtain authorization, as the Administrator may determine to be necessary within that airspace, but only after the Federal Aviation Administration has developed and implemented an auto-mated airspace authorization system for the airspace in which the operator wants to op-erate; and (4) include provisions that provide specific operational rules for UAS operating in close proximity to airports in class G airspace. (c) MAINTAINING BROAD ACCESS TO UAS T
ECHNOLOGY .—When issuing rules or regula-tions for the operation of UAS under this section, the Administrator shall not— (1) require the pilot or operator of the UAS to obtain or hold an airman certificate; (2) require a practical flight examination, medical examination, or the completion of a flight training program; (3) limit such UAS operations to pre-des-ignated fixed locations or uncontrolled air-space; or (4) require airworthiness certification of any UAS operated pursuant to this section. (d) C
OLLABORATION .—The Administrator shall carry out this section in collaboration with industry and community-based organi-zations. 
Mr. SHUSTER (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the modification be dispensed with. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I sup-port considering these amendments en bloc, all of which have been approved by both the majority and the minority. These Members put forth thoughtful amendments, and I am pleased to be able to support moving them en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I support the adoption of these amendments en bloc. This grouping includes many Democratic and Republican amendments, and each, as the chairman has said, has been ap-proved by the majority and the minor-ity for consideration en bloc. Among the amendments in this pack-age is my comprehensive solution to the ever-growing list of safety and se-curity concerns that have resulted from an unwise provision of law adopt-ed in 2012. That law prohibits the Federal Avia-tion Administration from promul-gating any rule or regulation relating to drones flown for hobby or rec-reational purposes. Let me repeat: any rule or regulation relating to drones flown for hobby or recreational purposes. This was put in at the behest of model aircraft folks, who have a long 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.044 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3649 April 26, 2018 
and very responsible history, know the rules of the road in the air, but now there are millions of other people now operating relatively inexpensive drones. Things have changed pretty dramatically in that time period, and we sorely need some reasonable regula-tions. There are very strong national secu-rity concerns expressed by Homeland and Secret Service and others, and they are saying that basically they are going to hold back any rules regarding drones until they can be assured that the operators and the drone can be identified, which the commercial peo-ple can easily do. b1345 It would be an expense for the rec-reational manufacturers so there is a competing amendment that is more conciliatory toward the Chinese drone manufacturers, which is a concern I don’t have. Sooner or later, one of these little toy drones is going to take down an aircraft and people are going to die. Plain and simple. They have already conducted tests on the hull, and they have found that a small quadcopter can cause fatal damage to aircraft controls. And they haven’t even done the inges-tion test yet into a jet engine, a tur-bine engine, where you will see more uncontained failures like the one we saw last week. So it is critical that we get a handle on this and the proliferation of these with people with little or no experience or knowledge of aviation rules. Count-less stakeholders are supporting my version, which would be the commer-cial drone industry, U.S. airlines and pilots, air traffic controllers, aircraft manufacturers, State and local enti-ties. They have all been asking for modi-fication or repeal of that provision pro-hibiting the FAA from regulating rec-reational drone users. Until this is done, our skies will be less safe and the true potential of the commercial drone industry will never be unlocked be-cause of the security concerns that I already mentioned. My amendment, among other things, grants the FAA the authority to im-pose standards on recreational users as needed, ensure the safety of our air-space system going forward, including requirements remotely identifying and tracking drone operators. That first step is critical to protecting sensitive facilities, assets, and addressing the concerns of Homeland Security, Secret Service, and others. Mr. Chair, I urge support of this amendment en bloc, and I reserve the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair re-minds all Members not to traffic the well while another Member is under recognition. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS), a valued member of the com-mittee. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chair, I am proud to speak in support of this en bloc amendment, and then also in support of H.R. 4. It is finally a long-term reauthoriza-tion of the FAA. Two programs of vital importance to my district are the Es-sential Air Service program and the Contract Tower Program. Both pro-grams are critical to rural areas and are protected in this bill. The bill also includes a provision I authorized and authored to ensure small low-risk microdrones can be op-erated safely, but also under different operational requirements than larger drones. Safely and more appropriately integrating microdrones into the air-space will foster innovation at compa-nies like Horizon Hobby in my district and incentivize better operator compli-ance. H.R. 4 also includes important cus-tomer service provisions. It prohibits involuntary bumping of passengers once they have already boarded an air-craft. It makes fees and taxes more transparent, and when consumers have complaints about their flying experi-ence, this bill will allow them to call a hotline or use an app on their smartphone. I also want to mention the disaster title of this bill. It is actually a shame that I have to speak about this again today because this House already passed this legislation last December. Unfortunately, our colleagues in the Senate stripped these provisions out of the disaster supplemental package we passed earlier this year, but now we have an opportunity to finally get this crucial legislation signed into law. Included in this package is my bill, the Disaster Declaration Improvement Act, which requires FEMA to place a greater weight and consideration on se-vere, localized impact of damage fol-lowing a disaster. Passing this bill will have real impact in States like Illinois where a large portion of our population is concentrated in a small geographical area in the northeast portion of our State. Enacting this language into law will help level the playing field, and help ensure rural areas like my district are given a fair shake when disasters hap-pen and help is needed. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER  and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for working to include this disaster pack-age in this bill, and for all of the hard work on the underlying bill, and I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ), a member of the com-mittee. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member and Chair-man S
HUSTER for their work on this bill, on this block of amendments, in which I have an amendment that I drafted that would allow airports to apply for grants from the small airport fund to construct air traffic control towers for participation in the Federal Contract Tower Program. This provision will ensure that our airspace remains the gold standard for safety by helping small airports cur-rently operating without towers to in-vest in lifesaving safety infrastructure. It is my understanding that because this will be a new eligibility, the FAA will need to classify the construction of an air traffic control tower under the Airports Capital Improvement Plan to ensure that it is scored properly for purposes of determining grant awards through the national priority ranking system. Mr. Chair, I ask the chairman if he will agree with me that: first, the FAA has never classified control towers under ACIP before; second, that the FAA should plan to ensure that these high-priority projects are classified properly for consideration in grant de-cisions; and third, that they should be classified in a manner that provides them with an appropriate, level play-ing field with other projects to ensure competitiveness, and I ask the chair-man if he agrees on these three provi-sions. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, we will be committed to working with the gen-tleman as we move forward. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS), a member of our committee. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for all of his hard on H.R. 4. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that my amendment to codify the FAA’s Un-manned Aircraft Systems Integrated Pilot Program is included in this en bloc package. Drones are an innovation that I know our country is anxious to take advan-tage of. However, it brings with it a need to rethink and redefine some cur-rent policies. Aviation regulations that manage the flow of air traffic at 30,000 feet, or even 1,000 feet, do not make sense when managing the operation of a UAS 5 feet off the ground. Congress should formally support this pilot program and learn from the data gathered here. We must also rec-ognize the importance of non-Federal bodies like States, municipalities, and Tribal governments to be part of the drone oversight. This pilot program, which my amendment codifies and which stem from a White House pro-posal, will help us do just that, and it has been widely supported. In fact, drone associations, tradi-tional aviation groups, and large com-panies wrote in support of the pilot program. We hope that by Congress codifying the pilot program, the De-partment of Transportation will now expand the pilot program to further participation. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is remain-ing on each side. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon has 5
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.045 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3650 April 26, 2018 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for includ-ing two of my amendments in the en bloc package. The gentlemen have set a high bar for leadership and collegiality through this process, and I look forward to working with them as the FAA implements this bill. My amendments focus on two issues important not only to the residents of Washington’s Seventh District, but across the country; namely, the issue of airplane noise and infrastructure needs of fast-growing airports like Sea- Tac. Many of our communities with large and medium airports are growing by leaps and bounds. According to Air-ports Council International, over the last 10 years, Sea-Tac’s passenger traf-fic has grown by 52.6 percent, second only to San Francisco. We need to be certain that our communities are able to prepare for that growth, while still ensuring that they remain livable. These amendments will help to build that evidence base, and I deeply appre-ciate the consideration. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Chair, I rise today to propose an amendment to section 232 of H.R. 4, the FAA Reau-thorization Act. As a Representative of the Fourth District of Kansas, which includes Wichita, also known as the Air Capital of the World, I have a deep apprecia-tion for the importance of the aviation industry in our region and country. For more than 100 years, our commu-nity has pioneered aviation and manu-facturing. Today, the greater Wichita area is home to many of the world’s largest aviation manufacturers and produces nearly 50 percent of all gen-eral aviation planes built. Without question, aviation is a great source of pride for all Kansans, and I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for their efforts to support the industry and modernize the FAA. As part of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, Congress has tasked the FAA administrator to establish a task force on flight standards reform. I be-lieve creating this task force to im-prove aviation safety standards is a needed and overdue initiative. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHUSTER. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Kan-sas. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 4 man-dates the task force be comprised of representatives from air carriers, gen-eral and business aviation, repair sta-tions, unmanned aviation systems, flight schools, and aviation safety in-spectors. Today, I am offering an amendment to the task force to also include rep-resentatives of aircraft manufacturers. I believe those responsible for pro-ducing our Nation’s aircraft can play a valuable role in updating aviation standards and should have a voice. I want to thank our colleagues for their attention to the industry and consideration of this amendment, and ask that they support the FAA Reau-thorization Act. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ). Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber for including my amendment in the en bloc. My amendment would require the FAA to study the economic harm caused by excessive aircraft noise on communities and businesses near major airports. Companies adjacent to airports, such as O’Hare International Airport in my district, see that flight paths have to contend with the economic activity in that region, and noise disrupts their customers and interferes with business, in addition to the physiological effects that constant noise has on employees. Under my amendment, the FAA will study what happens to businesses when they are subject to excessive noise throughout the workday. This will in-clude, but is not limited to, employee productivity and retention, workplace morale and satisfaction, and other data to help policymakers grasp the full ef-fect of airport noise on neighborhoods. This is a bipartisan, commonsense amendment, and again, I thank the committee for including it in the en bloc. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RIST). Mr. CRIST. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership and bipartisanship on this bill. Americans who watched 60 Minutes last weekend or who read the Tampa Bay Times were shocked by serious air-line safety concerns—specifically with Allegiant Airlines, a carrier that oper-ates 95 percent of the traffic at my hometown airport. It raises questions about the FAA’s ‘‘compliance philos-ophy,’’ focused on fewer enforcement actions, more working quietly with the airlines behind the scenes on safety issues. I sure hope it is true that airlines are more likely to self-report safety inci-dents if they do not fear retribution, but lives are at stake, and we must get the facts. My amendment would re-quire an investigation into whether this hands-off approach is, in fact, working. Profits can never trump pas-senger safety. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this straightforward amend-ment. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. KILMER ), my neighbor to the north. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise today in support of my amend-ment, which would modify the Airport Improvement Program to require the FAA to explicitly consider the emer-gency preparedness needs of the com-munities served when reviewing an air-port’s master plan. Currently, the FAA relies primarily on a number of enplanements when making their funding determinations under the AIP. That disadvantages rural airports like William R. Fairchild International Airport in my district, which serves as a critical component of the State’s and FEMA’s emergency re-sponse plan for the region, but has rel-atively few enplanements. This commonsense improvement would help ensure that Fairchild and other airports like it will be able to se-cure the funding necessary to maintain their runway and other critical infra-structure so that the resources are available when disaster strikes. This matters to folks in my neck of the woods who live in the shadow of the Cascadia subduction zone. When the big one hits, the Fairchild Airport will be essential to deploying emer-gency supplies, as well as for evacu-ating people to safety. I would like to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for their support of this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on it. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I en-courage all of my colleagues to support the en bloc package, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, Soto amendment number 3 to H.R. 4, FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, would require a sink or sanitizing equipment in the lactation area in commercial service airports. This small but significant change would ben-efit traveling mothers and children. A 2014 study in Breastfeeding Medicine showed that only 62 of the top 100 passenger-volume U.S. airports labeled themselves as ‘‘breastfeeding friendly’’. However, they found that only eight of the 100 surveyed airports provided the min-imum requirements for a lactation room, as set forth under Section 122 of this bill. I am pleased to see that this bill would re-quire medium or large hub airports to maintain lactation areas in each passenger terminal building with minimum requirements of a chair, table, and electrical outlet. With the inclusion of my amendment, traveling mother will now have access to sanitation equipment, too. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Mem-ber D
EFAZIO, and the staff of the House Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure for their support and for working with me on this amendment. I thank my colleagues for their support on this issue. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, Soto amendment, Soto number 21, to the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018, H.R. 4, would require the FAA Administrator to also consider the potential emergency medical needs of pregnant women when evaluating the minimum contents of ap-proved medical kits—currently the bill only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.048 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3651 April 26, 2018 
specifies the consideration of children’s emer-gency medical needs. Obstetrical symptoms, while rare causes of in-flight medical emergencies, should be given consideration when evaluating the adequacy of in-flight emergency medical kits. I am pleased to see that this bill would re-quire the consideration of the potential emer-gency medical needs of pregnant women. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, and the staff of the House Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee, for their support and for working with me on this amendment. I also thank my colleagues for their support on this issue. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the en bloc #1 amendment package to H.R. 4, which includes my amendment (#2). I am proud to offer an amendment that re-sponds to a key and grave local matter. My amendment is simple: It would allow air-ports to use Federal funds to buy generators for passenger areas of the airport, something they currently are not able to do. It would also let airports separate backup power from the main power lines, and to complete other projects to prevent power outages using A.I.P. and P.F.C. funds. As you know, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, the world’s busiest air-port, is located in my Congressional district. Last December, an underground fire disabled both the airport’s primary and backup power supplies. This caused a power outage that lasted for 11 hours, cancelling hundreds of flights and stranding passengers and employ-ees on planes and in dark terminals. Fortunately, no one was hurt, but this event raised important public safety questions. The City of Atlanta and Georgia Power are looking into what happened and what can be done to prevent a similar event from occurring in the future. I look forward to their report. My com-mon-sense amendment will give airports the flexibility they need to keep the lights on and passengers safe. Finally, and most importantly, Mr. Chairman, I am grateful to all the police, firefighters, elec-tricians, and airport, airline, and MARTA em-ployees for their work to assist stranded trav-elers. I would also like to thank the tens of thousands of passengers who remained calm and patient throughout this unprecedented or-deal. I appreciate the support of the Chairman and the Ranking Member and thank them and their staffs for working with me on this issue. I look forward to continuing to work with them to keep the travelling public safe. I urge all of my colleagues to support my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc, as modi-fied, offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). The en bloc amendments, as modi-fied, were agreed to. b1400 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 46, after line 22, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. AIRPORT NOISE MITIGATION AND SAFETY STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration shall initiate a study to review and evaluate existing studies and analyses of the relationship between jet aircraft approach and takeoff speeds and corresponding noise impacts on communities surrounding air-ports. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the study initiated under subsection (a), the Ad-ministrator shall determine— (1) whether a decrease in jet aircraft ap-proach or takeoff speeds results in signifi-cant aircraft noise reductions; (2) whether the jet aircraft approach or takeoff speed reduction necessary to achieve significant noise reductions— (A) jeopardizes aviation safety; or (B) decreases the efficiency of the National Airspace System, including lowering airport capacity, increasing travel times, or increas-ing fuel burn; (3) the advisability of using jet aircraft ap-proach or takeoff speeds as a noise mitiga-tion technique; and (4) if the Administrator determines that using jet aircraft approach or takeoff speeds as a noise mitigation technique is advisable, whether any of the metropolitan areas spe-cifically identified in section 157(b)(2) would benefit from such a noise mitigation tech-nique without a significant impact to avia-tion safety or the efficiency of the National Airspace System. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study initiated under subsection (a). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, briefly, the Roskam amendment does the fol-lowing: It recognizes that my constituency, and I think a lot of others, want the benefits of living near a large inter-national airport but not as much of the burden. Here is the backstory about what is going on. My constituency is right next door to O’Hare Airport, which, as an inter-national airport, brings incredible con-venience to my flying constituents and also incredible commerce and oppor-tunity. That is a good thing. The problem is the burdens of the noise of the airport rest disproportion-ately with some communities. These are communities that have found themselves with different flight pat-terns in different situations where, all of a sudden, a flight pattern from years ago is now something that they are seeing overhead. One constituent of mine in Wayne, Il-linois, complained that the noise some-times is 30 seconds apart for hours on end. Another complained that their house actually shakes because of the planes that are flying so close. Mr. Chairman, you can imagine how dif-ficult this would be to live in this type of situation. Realizing that we want the benefits of an international airport and also as quiet a situation as possible, I have worked with my Republican and Demo-cratic colleagues to find common ground. A scientist at the Massachusetts In-stitute of Technology has completed computer modeling and found that re-ducing plane takeoff speeds by 35 miles per hour would dramatically reduce the noise pollution and only lengthen flight time by a mere 30 seconds. This commonsense amendment di-rects the FAA to study this proposal and report back to Congress on wheth-er or not this will alleviate the nui-sance that too many of my constitu-ents have had to deal with. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from across the aisle, Congresswoman SPEIER , and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, although I am in favor of it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. I actually, recently, had a conversa-tion with the Acting FAA Adminis-trator on this very subject. I think it is something that could help mitigate. Since we have moved to performance- based navigation and changed for more efficient approaches to safe fuel, the airlines are benefiting tremendously, but it has concentrated the noise over a narrow area. I have also asked the FAA if it would be possible to vary the approaches on performance-based so that you are not always, every day, every hour, every minute, going over exactly the same position. I think that is also something they should look at. Mr. Chairman, I certainly support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Oregon for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE of Georgia). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:47 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.019 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3652 April 26, 2018 
SEC. 1ll. JUDICIAL REVIEW FOR PROPOSED AL-TERNATIVE ENVIRONMENTAL RE-VIEW AND APPROVAL PROCEDURES. 
Section 330(e) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A) by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘150 days as set forth in section 139(l)’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(B)(i) by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘150 days as set forth in section 139(l)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer the bipartisan Denham-Costa amendment which eliminates duplica-tion of environmental reviews. The MAP–21 highway bill created the NEPA assignment program in 2012, which allows States to assume respon-sibility for environmental review, con-sultation, and compliance of NEPA for Federal aid highway projects and other transportation projects. The program removes an entire layer of Federal bu-reaucracy from the NEPA process, al-lowing States and counties to operate more efficiently. NEPA assignment has been a success, saving time and cost of infrastructure projects across six States: California, Texas, Florida, Ohio, Utah, and Alaska. Two more States, Arizona and Ne-braska, are in the process of applying, and all 50 States are eligible to partici-pate. The Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee built on the success of the NEPA assignment program in the 2015 FAST Act by establishing the NEPA reciprocity program. The NEPA reciprocity program allows States with environmental laws that are at least as stringent as NEPA to make the ap-proval of reviews under State laws and regulations and in replacement of NEPA. This allows States to remove parallel and redundant NEPA require-ments from their own environmental process, which will get projects built faster and at a lower cost. In other words, this not only allows one envi-ronmental review, but stops us from doing two. As reasonable and promising as this program is, the judicial review period or window that litigants can challenge a record of decisions is nearly five times longer than for Federal aid high-way projects that are subject to NEPA. The judicial review period for the reci-procity program is 2 years, substan-tially increasing the risk of litigation and dissuading States from pursuing the program. This amendment harmonizes the statute of limitation for the program with other Federal highway projects to 150 days. Instead of delaying 2 years for lawsuits, we do it in 150 days, the same as all other Federal highway projects. This commonsense change would render the program workable as origi-nally intended in the FAST Act. This program would allow States impacted by the 2017 major disasters to rebuild devastated communities faster and at a lower cost, saving taxpayer dollars. Many wildfire-impacted counties in California have recognized the poten-tial benefits of NEPA reciprocity for their recovery efforts and are pushing the State to participate. This amend-ment would allow California and other impacted States with major disasters, like Texas and Florida, to apply and re-build in short order. In September 2017, the Department of Transportation issued the notice of proposed rulemaking, and the comment period closed in November. DOT should issue the rule to establish the program soon, and this modification must be in place for the program to be workable at that time. There has been a lot of discussion about environmental review and per-mitting reform being included in the infrastructure package, and for good reason: projects take too long and they cost way too much money. We have an opportunity to ensure streamlining programs that are already law are working correctly by passing this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the amendment being offered by Congressman D
ENHAM  and me to H.R. 4, and I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Together, we have worked long and hard to reduce the duplicative environ-mental permitting requirements that contribute, as we all know, to delays in delivery of important transportation projects throughout the Nation and throughout California, as both Con-gressman D
ENHAM and I have experi-enced. California remains at the forefront of finding innovative ways to streamline the transportation delivery project without compromising the natural en-vironment and complying with envi-ronmental laws. As a matter of fact, we have a very big initiative that was passed last year to provide another $52 billion in construction projects over the next 10 years. So this is an impor-tant amendment. In 2015, Congress passed the FAST Act, which implemented a pilot pro-gram to provide reciprocity for envi-ronmental permitting for States like California that have laws that provide equal or greater environmental protec-tion. That is the case with California. That is why this amendment is so ap-plicable and why it makes such good common sense. This amendment would further streamline the delegation process, as the gentleman noted, reduce project delivery times and costs, lead to more projects being constructed at a faster rate, and improve our deteriorating in-frastructure. For all these good reasons, we ought to adopt this amendment. I urge my colleagues to concur. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, al-though I rose in opposition, my prin-cipal concern is this was a very, very long, difficult negotiation as we adopt-ed the FAST Act, and all parties agreed on these five pilot projects. We gave the task, as we normally do, to the Department of Transportation to draw up a rule that will establish and implement the pilot program, but DOT has not yet acted to establish those rules. So I have concerns about putting strictures on the Department of Transportation before they have had an opportunity to implement the rule, which, hopefully, will be soon forth-coming. I assume it is not one of these rules that the President has held up from being issued, since it would be something beneficial, if properly done. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
SHUSTER OF PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, pursu-ant to House Resolution 839, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting of amendment Nos. 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 43, 45, 48, 50, 51, 52, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 61, 62, 64, and 65 printed in part A of House Report 115–650, offered by Shuster of Pennsylvania: 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . CRAMER OF  
NORTH DAKOTA  In title III, at the end of subtitle B add the following: 
SEC. 342. REPORT ON POSSIBLE UNMANNED AIR-CRAFT SYSTEMS OPERATION ON SPECTRUM ALLOCATED FOR AVIA-TION USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and after consultation with relevant stake-holders, the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, and the Federal Communications Commission, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report— (1) on whether unmanned aircraft systems operations should be permitted on spectrum designated for aviation use, on an unli-censed, shared, or exclusive basis, for oper-ations within the UTM system or outside of such a system; (2) that addresses any technological, statu-tory, regulatory, and operational barriers to the use of such spectrum for unmanned air-craft systems operations; and (3) that, if it is determined that spectrum designated for aviation use is not suitable for operations by unmanned aircraft sys-tems, includes recommendations of other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.016 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3653 April 26, 2018 
spectrum frequencies that may be appro-priate for such operations. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ means an un-manned aircraft and associated elements (in-cluding communication links and the compo-nents that control the unmanned aircraft) that are required for the pilot in command to operate safely and efficiently in the na-tional airspace system. (2) UTM.—The term ‘‘UTM’’ means an un-manned aircraft traffic management system or service. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . LOBIONDO  
OF NEW JERSEY  At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. ll. U.S. COUNTER-UAS SYSTEM REVIEW OF INTERAGENCY COORDINATION PROCESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after that date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, in consultation with govern-ment agencies currently authorized to oper-ate Counter-Unmanned Aircraft System (C- UAS) systems within the United States (in-cluding the territories and possessions of the United States), shall initiate a review of the following: (1) The process the Administration is uti-lizing for interagency coordination of C-UAS activity pursuant to a relevant Federal stat-ute authorizing such activity within the United States (including the territories and possessions of the United States). (2) The standards the Administration is utilizing for operation of a C-UAS systems pursuant to a relevant Federal statute au-thorizing such activity within the United States (including the territories and posses-sions of the United States), including wheth-er the following criteria are being taken into consideration in the development of the standards: (A) Safety of the national airspace. (B) Protecting individuals and property on the ground. (C) Non-interference with avionics of manned aircraft, and unmanned aircraft, op-erating legally in the national airspace. (D) Non-interference with air traffic con-trol systems. (E) Consistent procedures in the operation of C-UAS systems to the maximum extent practicable. (F) Adequate coordination procedures and protocols with the Federal Aviation Admin-istration during the operation of C-UAS sys-tems. (G) Adequate training for personnel oper-ating C-UAS systems. (H) Assessment of the efficiency and effec-tiveness of the coordination and review proc-esses to ensure national airspace safety while minimizing bureaucracy. (I) Such other matters the Administrator deems necessary for the safe and lawful oper-ation of C-UAS systems. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date upon which the review in subsection (a) is initiated, the Administrator shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation in the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, a report on the Administration’s activities related to C- UAS systems, including— (1) any coordination with Federal agencies and States, subdivisions and States, political authorities of at least 2 States that operate C-UAS systems; and (2) an assessment of the standards being utilized for the operation of a counter-UAS systems within the United States (including the territories and possessions of the United States). AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MRS . DAVIS OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 151, before line 17, insert the fol-lowing (and redesignate accordingly): (6) the Administrator should— (A) place particular priority in continuing measures, including partnering with non-governmental organizations and State and local agencies, to educate the public about the dangers to public safety of operating un-manned aircraft over areas that have tem-porary flight restrictions in place, for pur-poses such as wildfires, without appropriate approval or authorization from the Forest Service; and (B) partner with State and local agencies to effectively enforce relevant laws so that unmanned aircrafts do not interfere with the efforts of emergency responders; 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  Page 161, after line 11, insert the following: (d) P
ROGRAM ALIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall submit a report to the House Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation within 90 days after enactment of this Act that describes how each of the following programs will be executed or implemented in a systematic and timely manner to avoid duplication, le-verage capabilities learned across programs, and support the safe integration of UAS into the national airspace: (1) Commercially-operated Low Altitude Authorization and Notification Capability. (2) The Unmanned Aircraft System Inte-gration Pilot Program. (3) The Unmanned Traffic Management Pilot Program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
OF RHODE ISLAND  Page 181, after line 21, insert the following new paragraph (and redesignate the subse-quent paragraphs accordingly): (2) Compensation (regarding rebooking op-tions, refunds, meals, and lodging) for flight diversions. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . CA´RDENAS  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 182, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. OVERBOOKING POLICIES OF AIR CAR-RIERS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation shall conduct a study on the over-booking policies of air carriers and how the policies impact the United States economy. (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study, the Secretary shall assess the effects of the overbooking policies on increasing or de-creasing the costs of passenger air transpor-tation. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 182, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. TRAINING POLICIES REGARDING RA-CIAL, ETHNIC, AND RELIGIOUS NON-DISCRIMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report describ-ing— (1) each air carrier’s training policy for its employees and contractors regarding racial, ethnic, and religious nondiscrimination; and (2) how frequently an air carrier is required to train new employees and contractors be-cause of turnover in positions that require such training. (b) BESTPRACTICES .—After the date the re-port is submitted under subsection (1), the Secretary of Transportation shall develop and disseminate to air carriers best practices nevessary to improve the training policies described in subsection (a), based on the find-ings of the report and in consultation with— (1) passengers of diverse racial, ethnic, and religious backgrounds; (2) national organizations that represent impacted communities; (3) air carrier; (4) airport operators; and (5) contract service providers. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
OF OREGON  At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following new section: 
SEC. 4ll. AVIATION CONSUMER ADVOCATE AND COMPLAINT RESOLUTION IMPROVE-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation shall review aviation consumer complaints received that allege a violation of law and, as appropriate, pursue enforce-ment or corrective actions that would be in the public interest. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In considering which cases to pursue for enforcement or corrective action under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider— (1) the requirements of the Air Carrier Ac-cess Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–435; 100 Stat. 1080); (2) unfair and deceptive practices by air carriers, foreign air carriers, and ticket agents; (3) the terms and conditions agreed to be-tween passengers and air carriers, foreign air carriers, or ticket agents; (4) aviation consumer protection and tarmac delay contingency planning require-ments for both airports and airlines; and (5) any other applicable law. (c) A
VIATION CONSUMER ADVOCATE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Within the Aviation Con-sumer Protection Division of the Depart-ment of Transportation, there shall be estab-lished the position of Aviation Consumer Ad-vocate. (2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Aviation Consumer Advocate shall— (A) assist consumers in resolving carrier service complaints filed with the Aviation Consumer Protection Division; (B) evaluate the resolution by the Depart-ment of Transportation of carrier service complaints; (C) identify and recommend actions the Department can take to improve the enforce-ment of aviation consumer protection rules and resolution of carrier service complaints; and (D) identify and recommend regulations and policies that can be amended to more ef-fectively resolve carrier service complaints. (d) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—The Secretary, act-ing through the Aviation Consumer Advo-cate, shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives an annual report summa-rizing the following: (1) The total number of annual complaints received by the Secretary, including the number of complaints by the name of each air carrier and foreign air carrier. (2) The total number of annual complaints by category of complaint. (3) The number of complaints referred in the preceding year for enforcement or cor-rection action by the Secretary. (4) Any recommendations under subpara-graphs (C) and (D) of subsection (c)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.017 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3654 April 26, 2018 
(5) Such other data as the Aviation Con-sumer Advocate considers appropriate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
OF RHODE ISLAND  At the end of subtitle B of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 44l. REGULATIONS ENSURING ASSISTANCE FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABIL-ITIES IN AIR TRANSPORTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— (1) review, and if necessary revise, applica-ble regulations to ensure that individuals with disabilities who request assistance while traveling in air transportation receive dignified, timely, and effective assistance at airports and on aircraft from trained per-sonnel; and (2) review, and if necessary revise, applica-ble regulations related to air carrier training programs for air carrier personnel, including contractors, who provide physical assistance to passengers with disabilities to ensure that training under such programs— (A) occurs on an appropriate schedule for all new and continuing personnel charged with providing physical assistance; and (B) includes, as appropriate, instruction by personnel, with hands-on training for em-ployees who physically lift or otherwise physically assist passengers with disabil-ities, including the use of relevant equip-ment. (b) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE .—The assistance referred to subsection (a)(1) may include re-quests for assistance in boarding or deplaning an aircraft, requests for assistance in connecting between flights, and other similar or related requests, as appropriate. (c) A
IRCARRIER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘air carrier’’ means an air carrier or foreign air carrier (as those terms are de-fined in section 40102(a) of title 49, United States Code). 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . 
O’HALLERAN OF ARIZONA  Page 190, after line 6, insert the following (and redesignate accordingly): (b) R
EQUIRED ANALYSIS ON COMMUNITIES .— In carrying out subsection (a)(2)(E) the Comptroller General shall include, for each option for further reform, an analysis of the impact on local economies of communities with airports receiving Essential Air Service funding, access to air travel for residents of rural communities and the impact to local businesses in such communities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . ESPAILLAT  
OF NEW YORK  Page 266, line 25, strike the semicolon and insert ‘‘, including the fees charged to ground transportation providers for airport access;’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. STUDY ON AIRPORT REVENUE DIVER-SION. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall initiate a study of— (1) the legal and financial challenges re-lated to repealing the exception in section 47107(b)(2) of title 49, United States Code, for those airports the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration has identified are covered by the ex-ception; and (2) measures that may be taken to miti-gate the impact of repealing the exception. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall address— (1) the level of revenue diversion at the air-ports covered by the exception described in subsection (a)(1) and the uses of the diverted revenue; (2) the terms of any bonds or financial cov-enants an airport owner has issued relying on diverted airport revenue; (3) applicable local laws or ordinances re-quiring use of airport revenue for non-air-port purposes; (4) whether repealing the exception would improve the long-term financial performance of impacted airports; and (5) any other practical implications of re-pealing the exception for airports or the na-tional aviation system. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . 
FLEISCHMANN OF TENNESSEE  At the end of title V add the following: 
SEC. ll. GEOSYNTHETIC MATERIALS. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, to the extent practicable, shall encourage the use of durable, resilient, and sustainable materials and practices, in-cluding the use of geosynthetic materials and other innovative technologies, in car-rying out the activities of the Federal Avia-tion Administration. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Add at the end of title V the following: 
SEC. lll. RULE FOR ANIMALS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a rule to require each primary airport (as defined in section 47102 of title 49, United States Code) to provide a designated area for animals, traveling with their owners, to re-lieve themselves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
OF MICHIGAN  At the end of title V of the bill, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ENHANCED AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall establish a pilot pro-gram to provide air traffic control services on a preferential basis to aircraft equipped with certain NextGen avionics that— (1) lasts at least 2 years; and (2) operates in at 3 least suitable airports. (b) D
URATION OF DAILY SERVICE .—The air traffic control services provided under the pilot program established under subsection (a) shall occur for at least 3 consecutive hours between 0600 and 2200 local time during each day of the pilot program. (c) A
IRPORT SELECTION .—The Adminis-trator shall designate airports for participa-tion in the pilot program after consultation with aircraft operators, manufacturers, and airport sponsors. (d) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) C
ERTAIN NEXTGEN AVIONICS .—The term ‘‘certain NextGen avionics’’ means those avi-onics and related software designated by the Administrator after consultations with air-craft operators and manufacturers. (2) P
REFERENTIAL BASIS .—The term ‘‘pref-erential basis’’ means— (A) prioritizing aircraft equipped with cer-tain NextGen avionics during a Ground Delay Program by assigning them fewer min-utes of delay relative to other aircraft; and (B) sequencing aircraft equipped with cer-tain NextGen avionics ahead of other air-craft in the Traffic Flow Management Sys-tem to the maximum extent consistent with safety. (e) S
UNSET .—The pilot program established under subsection (a) shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2023. (f) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the pilot program termi-nates, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the pilot program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
OF MICHIGAN  At the end of title V of the bill, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 5ll. NEXTGEN DELIVERY STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall initiate a study of the potential im-pacts of a significantly delayed, significantly diminished, or completely failed delivery of the Next Generation Air Transportation Sys-tem modernization initiative by the Federal Aviation Administration, including impacts to the air traffic control system and the na-tional airspace system as a whole. (b) S
COPE OF STUDY .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Inspector General shall assess the Administration’s performance related to the Next Generation Air Transportation System modernization initiative, including— (1) the potential impacts on the oper-ational efficiency of our aviation system; (2) an analysis of potential economic losses and stranded investments directly related to NextGen; (3) an analysis of the potential impacts to our international competitiveness in avia-tion innovation; (4) an analysis of the main differences that would be seen in our air traffic control sys-tem; (5) the potential impacts on the flying pub-lic, including potential impacts to flight times, fares, and delays in the air and on the ground; (6) the effects on supply chains reliant on air transportation of cargo; (7) the potential impacts on the long-term benefits promised by NextGen; (8) an analysis of the potential impacts on aircraft noise and flight paths; (9) the potential changes in separation standards, fuel consumption, flight paths, block times, and landing procedures or lack thereof; (10) the potential impacts on aircraft taxi times and aircraft emissions or lack thereof; (11) a determination of the total potential costs and logistical challenges of the failure of NextGen, including a comparison of the potential loss of the return on public and pri-vate sector investment related to NextGen, as compared to other available investment alternatives, between December 12, 2003 and the date of enactment of this Act; and (12) other matters arising in the course of the study. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of initiation of the study under sub-section (a), the Inspector General shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MS . DEGETTE  
OF COLORADO  At the end of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 543. LIMITED REGULATION OF NON-FEDER-ALLY SPONSORED PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by subsection (b), the Secretary of Transpor-tation may not directly or indirectly regu-late— (1) the acquisition, use, lease, encum-brance, transfer, or disposal of land by an airport owner or operator; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.017 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3655 April 26, 2018 
(2) any non-Federal facility upon such land; or (3) any portion of such land or facility. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to any regulation— (1) ensuring— (A) the safe and efficient operation of air-craft and airports, including the safety of people and property on the ground; (B) that an airport owner or operator re-ceives not less than fair market value for the lease, use, encumbrance, transfer, or disposal of land, any facilities on such land, or any portion of such land or facilities; or (C) that the airport pays not more than fair market value for the acquisition of land or facilities on such land; or (2) imposed with respect to— (A) any land or a facility acquired or modi-fied using— (i) Federal financial assistance, including Federal grants; or (ii) passenger facility charge revenues col-lected under section 40117 of title 49, United States Code; or (B) any land conveyed to the airport, in-cluding its predecessors or successors, by the United States or any agency thereof. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the applicability of section 47107(b) or 47133 of title 49, United States Code, to revenues gen-erated by the use, lease, encumbrance, trans-fer, or disposal of land as described in sub-section (a), facilities upon such land, or any portion of such land or facilities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . BANKS OF  
INDIANA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. NATIONAL AIRMAIL MUSEUM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) in 1930, commercial airmail carriers began operations at Smith Field in Fort Wayne, Indiana; (2) the United States lacks a national mu-seum dedicated to airmail; and (3) the airmail hangar at Smith Field in Fort Wayne, Indiana— (A) will educate the public on the role of airmail in aviation history; and (B) honor the role of the hangar in the his-tory of the Nation’s airmail service. (b) D
ESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The airmail museum lo-cated at the Smith Field in Fort Wayne, In-diana, is designated as the ‘‘National Air-mail Museum’’. (2) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The national museum designated by this section is not a unit of the National Park System and the designation of the National Airmail Museum shall not require or permit Federal funds to be expended for any purpose related to that national memorial. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA OF  
ARIZONA  At the end of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. 5ll. REVIEW OF APPROVAL PROCESS FOR USE OF LARGE AIR TANKERS AND VERY LARGE AIR TANKERS FOR WILDLAND FIREFIGHTING. 
(a) R EVIEW AND IMPROVEMENT OF CURRENT  A
PPROVAL PROCESS .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a review of its process to approve the use of large air tankers and very large air tankers for wildland firefighting for the purpose of— (1) determining the current effectiveness, safety, and consistency of the approval proc-ess; (2) developing recommendations for im-proving the effectiveness, safety, and con-sistency of the approval process; and (3) assisting in developing standardized next-generation requirements for air tankers used for firefighting. (b) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to Congress a report describing the outcome of the review conducted under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS OF  
ARIZONA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. REPORT ON BAGGAGE REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— (1) study and publicize for comment a cost- benefit analysis to air carriers and con-sumers of changing the baggage reporting re-quirements of section 234.6 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, before the implementa-tion of such requirements; and (2) submit a report on the findings of the cost-benefit analysis to the appropriate com-mittees of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. SUPPORTING WOMEN’S INVOLVEMENT IN THE AVIATION FIELD. 
(a) A DVISORY BOARD .—To encourage women and girls to enter the field of aviation, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall create and facilitate the Women in Aviation Advisory Board (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Board’’), with the ob-jective of promoting organizations and pro-grams that are providing education, train-ing, mentorship, outreach, and recruitment of women into the aviation industry. (b) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall consist of members whose diverse background and expertise allows them to contribute balanced points of view and ideas regarding the strate-gies and objectives set forth in subsection (f). (c) S
ELECTION .—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall appoint members of the Board, including representatives from the following: (1) Major airlines and aerospace compa-nies. (2) Nonprofit organizations within the aviation industry. (3) Aviation business associations. (4) Engineering business associations. (5) United States Air Force Auxiliary, Civil Air Patrol. (6) Institutions of higher education and aviation trade schools. (d) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed to the Board for the dura-tion of the existence of the Board. (e) C
OMPENSATION .—Board members shall serve without compensation. (f) D
UTIES .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Board shall present a comprehensive plan for strat-egies the Administration can take, which in-clude the following objectives: (1) Identifying industry trends that di-rectly or indirectly encourage or discourage women from pursuing careers in aviation. (2) Coordinating the efforts of airline com-panies, nonprofit organizations, and aviation and engineering associations to facilitate support for women pursuing careers in avia-tion. (3) Creating opportunities to expand exist-ing scholarship opportunities for women in the aviation industry. (4) Enhancing aviation training, mentorship, education, and outreach pro-grams that are exclusive to women. (g) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Board shall submit a report outlining the comprehensive plan for strategies pursuant to subsection (f) to— (A) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; (B) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (C) the Administrator. (2) AVAILABILITY ONLINE .—The Adminis-trator shall make the report publicly avail-able online and in print. (h) S
UNSET .—The Board shall terminate upon the submittal of the report pursuant to subsection (g). 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
MISSOURI  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. GAO STUDY ON THE EFFECT OF GRANTING AN EXCLUSIVE RIGHT OF AERONAUTICAL SERVICES TO AN AIRPORT SPONSOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the General Accountability Office shall conduct a study to examine the cases in which an airport sponsor exercised an exclusive right (commonly known as a ‘‘proprietary exclusive right’’), as described in the Federal Aviation Advisory Circular 150/1590-6 published on January 4, 2007. (b) R
EPORT .—At the end of the 2-year pe-riod under subsection (a), the Administrator shall submit the findings of such report to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER OF  
WASHINGTON  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. EVALUATION OF AIRPORT MASTER PLANS. 
Section 47106 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) E
VALUATION OF AIRPORT MASTER  P
LANS .—When evaluating the master plan of an airport for purposes of this subchapter, the Secretary shall take into account— ‘‘(1) the role the airport plays with respect to medical emergencies and evacuations; and ‘‘(2) the role the airport plays in emer-gency or disaster preparedness in the com-munity served by the airport.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . PANETTA  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V of the bill, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 5ll. STUDY REGARDING DAY-NIGHT AVER-AGE SOUND LEVELS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration shall evaluate alternative metrics to the current average day night level standard, such as the use of actual noise sampling and other methods, to address community airplane noise concerns. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to Congress a re-port on the results of the study, including a description of the proposed structure of a recommended pilot program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . HILL OF  
ARKANSAS  At the end of title V (page 267, after line 10), insert the following: 
SEC. 543. REPORT ON STATUS OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN FAA AND LITTLE ROCK PORT AUTHORITY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.017 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3656 April 26, 2018 
and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the agreement between the Federal Aviation Administration and the Little Rock Port Au-thority to relocate the Little Rock, Very High Frequency Omnidirectional Range with Collocated Tactical Air Control and Naviga-tion (LIT VORTAC). (b) R
EPORT CONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) The status of the efforts by the Federal Aviation Administration to relocate the LIT VORTAC. (2) The long-term and short-term budget projections for the relocation project. (3) A description of and timeline for each phase of the relocation project. (4) A description of and explanation for the required location radius. (5) A description of work completed by the Federal Aviation Administration as of the date of the report. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MRS . LOWEY OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. STUDY ON ALLERGIC REACTIONS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall— (1) study the prevalence of allergic reac-tions on board flights, whether airlines uni-versally report reactions to the Federal Aviation Administration, and the frequency of first aid inventory checks to ensure medi-cine to prevent anaphylactic shock is in an aircraft; and (2) submit a report to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Commit-tees on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, and Appropriations of the Senate. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFA-
ZIO) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I sup-port considering these amendments en bloc, all of which have been approved by both the majority and the minority. These Members put forward thoughtful amendments, and I am pleased to be able to support moving them en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank the committee for including amendment No. 111 in this en bloc. After the tragic fires that we have seen in California, we must do every-thing possibly to protect our commu-nities. In San Diego, helicopters and air tankers had to be grounded during fire fights after recreational drones were spotted in the area. These drones can pose a risk to aircraft and emer-gency personnel flying overhead. That is why my amendment would protect emergency response efforts from inter-ruptions by drones and direct the FAA to work with local agencies to inform the public about this issue. I want to thank, again, the com-mittee for their tireless work on this bill. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). b1415 Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, the Northern Plains Unmanned Aircraft Systems Test Site in Grand Forks, North Dakota, is doing extensive work with private industry stakeholders in advancing this very important emerg-ing industry. However, the growth of the UAS industry is reliant on receiv-ing dedicated spectrum allocation to ensure the connection for beyond vis-ual line of sight operations. My amendment simply directs the FAA, the NTIA, and the FCC to submit to Congress a report on whether UAS operations of all sizes, at all altitudes, should be permitted to operate on spec-trum that is designated for aviation use. It may also include recommenda-tions of other licensed spectrum fre-quencies, such as LTE, that may be ap-propriate for flying UAS. I encourage my colleagues to vote for my amendment to advance the UAS in-dustry, and I look forward to working with stakeholders and Members of the Senate to take it across the finish line. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the en bloc amendment, which includes my amendment to H.R. 4. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their work on this impor-tant bill, as well as the inclusion of a section that would require airlines to provide consumers with a one-page de-scription of their rights as passengers. My amendment will amend this sec-tion to ensure that passengers are noti-fied of what compensation airlines pro-vide—including rebooking options, re-funds, meals, and lodging—if a pas-senger’s flight is diverted. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for in-cluding this and for their efforts, and urge adoption of this very pro-con-sumer amendment. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber for taking our amendment and in-cluding it in the en bloc amendment. It is a GAO study of revenue diversion by airports. I think it is important for three dif-ferent reasons: One, it ties to the very heart of eq-uity or fairness, the idea of all entities under law being treated equally. What we have now is a 35-year tradition wherein 20 airports have been exempted in a way that the other 380 primary air-ports in this country are not. Two, this is about recognizing that you can’t use that which you divert. In 2015 alone, more than $1 billion was di-verted from airport operations to other, and if we are going to say we need more money, let’s use first some money we have, which would bring me to my final point: You should always spend what you have before you go ask-ing for more. I think this is particu-larly important when you talk about $130 billion of need within the airport system; that you simply spend within the system first before you go to the taxpayer asking for yet more. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the en bloc package, which includes my amendment to the FAA Reauthoriza-tion Act relating to air passengers with disabilities. I also want to thank the chairman and ranking member for in-cluding an air passengers with disabil-ities bill of rights in the manager’s amendment. The Air Carrier Access Act was en-acted in 1986 to prohibit discrimination based on disability in air travel. De-spite progress, travelers with disabil-ities still encounter significant bar-riers. My amendment requires the Sec-retary of Transportation to review and, if necessary, revise regulations issued under the act. In particular, it focuses on providing timelier and more effec-tive assistance to people with disabil-ities, including by improving hands-on training for airline personnel. Inadequate assistance for people with disabilities can lead to unacceptable delays, missed flights, and even pas-senger injuries. We can and must do better. Mr. Chairman, I have traveled all over the world, and I have dealt with those airlines who do things the right way and treat people with dis-abilities with respect and have good processes in place and other airlines that need more improvement and need to work harder at this. These amendments and this bill will help us to get there. I thank the chair-man and the ranking member for their hard work. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. B
ANKS ). Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER and my colleagues for their work on this underlying legislation. My amendment is simple. It would designate the hangar at Smith Airfield in Ft. Wayne, in my district, as the Na-tional Airmail Museum. Currently, there is no such museum with this par-ticular designation. I want to also make clear that my amendment pro-hibits any Federal funding to support this important initiative for the com-munity. It is a zero-cost amendment. The significance of hangar number 2, which is the only example of Clark W. Smith’s patented carousel design, makes it a fine fit for this designation. In 1911, the United States Postal Serv-ice began airmail delivery, and in 1930, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.017 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3657 April 26, 2018 
commercial airmail service came to Smith Airfield. Mr. Chairman, this recognition would be a great addition to my community and a vital tool to educate the Amer-ican people on the significant role air-mail played in the evolution of avia-tion. Furthermore, such recognition would propel the ongoing initiative to preserve and share the history of air-mail. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the en bloc amendment and support the pres-ervation of airmail history. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to take a moment to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support of my commonsense, bipartisan amendment that strength-ens our commitment to rural America. The Essential Air Service is a critical link for residents and businesses in small and rural communities by link-ing service to hub airports in 36 States. EAS serves as an important economic tool in local communities. Page and Show Low, Arizona, in my district, are two communities that ben-efit from EAS, which allows businesses there to access larger markets and compete on a level playing field. My amendment simply requires the comp-troller general to analyze the impact any proposed reforms to EAS it reports to Congress would have on the local communities that depend on the pro-gram. At a time when rural America is still recovering from economic recession, we should be working together to revi-talize communities and create jobs. EAS is a vital resource in many of these communities across America, and we must continue to protect it. I thank Congressman D
ONYOUNG for cospon-soring this amendment and being a stalwart champion for EAS. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for including it in their en bloc pack-age. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close, so I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ANETTA ). Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and Chairman S
HUSTER . Our families have some history, but I also appreciate your friendship and leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 4. My amendment will ensure that the FAA studies alter-native ways to measure sound over a period of time, such as actual noise sampling, to properly capture the expe-rience of those on the ground. I offer this amendment for my con-stituents in Carmel Valley to Capitola to Santa Cruz. Those are people who lived in communities that were once quiet until the FAA NextGen changed the routes over their houses back in 2015. Their health, their sleep, their pets, their well-being were all affected by the sound of jet engines, air brakes, and landing gear. I appreciate the work that FAA has done to get us close to quieter skies in my community, as well as the Select Committee on these issues and their work with the FAA. However, like many Members who have districts who have faced these types of airplane noise concerns, I believe that the existing day-night level 65-decibel standard is out of date, out of touch, and inad-equate to measure the amount of sound pollution impacting our communities. My amendment would ensure not just alternative ways, but proper ways to study noise sampling. I appreciate the committee for including this amend-ment en bloc. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. BIGGS). Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is straightforward and sim-ply requires the Department of Trans-portation to provide a cost-benefit analysis to Congress before moving for-ward with changes to what is com-monly referred to as the mishandled baggage reporting rule. If DOT wants to alter a sensible reporting require-ment that has been in place for dec-ades, it should, at the very least, be asked to justify it with a cost-benefit analysis. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I en-courage my colleagues to support the en bloc package, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of this En Bloc amendment package, which contains two of my amendments to the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. It is no secret our Air Traffic Control system is antiquated. It relies on old technology and old techniques. It is a safe system, but it is in-effective and could be significantly improved. Despite billions and billions of taxpayer dol-lars spent over the past 30 years to make it better, the system still largely relies on World War II era radar technology. The Government Accountability Office and the Department of Transportation Inspector General have both said the FAA lags mas-sively behind in bringing Air Traffic Control into the 21st Century. NextGen—the common name for these modernization efforts—has cost well over seven billion dollars already with no implementation date—still. We all know the promise that Air Traffic Control modernization holds, but we also know NextGen has taken too long and cost too much money to fully implement. My amendments today will help expedite full NextGen deployment and get taxpayers the return on investment they deserve and expect. My first amendment to H.R. 4 would estab-lish a pilot program to demonstrate the full promise of NextGen technologies. This pilot program could also show policy makers and the Federal Aviation Administration where we still have room for improvement in NextGen. There are some airports and some planes that have begun to use the newest tech-nologies. After this many years and this many dollars spent, it certainly makes sense that would be the case. My amendment today would create a limited pilot program, with a sunset date and a report-ing requirement, for planes and airports with the latest NextGen technologies. This pilot program would allow for limited enhanced access for planes with the latest technology, at a limited number of airports. The parameters for the pilot program would be developed by the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration after consultations with aircraft opera-tors, manufacturers, and airport sponsors. Here’s what we can find out with such a program: How good can a fully implemented NextGen be? How will pilots and airports uti-lize the system? Where are areas that need more attention? How much more investment is necessary, and what will be the return on that investment? These are all questions that make sense to ask, and have been asked. This amendment and this pilot program takes those questions and creates an opportunity that will show pol-icy makers and the public real-world and tan-gible—and measurable—results. To recap, my first amendment creates a lim-ited pilot program to demonstrate what a fully implemented NextGen system could look like. It has an end date, so it’s not an open-ended program. It requires the FAA to report to Con-gress once the pilot program is ended. After reviewing the results, policy makers and the FAA would have greater knowledge about how best to finish NextGen implementation, and how to run a fully modernized Air Traffic Con-trol system. My second amendment to the FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2018, paired with the first one, will further ensure Air Traffic Control modernization stays on track. Today’s Manager’s Amendment from Chair-man S
HUSTER requires the FAA to tell Con-gress and the public how much time, effort, and money has gone in to NextGen to date, and what the returns on that investment are so far. It also requires the DOT IG to examine that report from the FAA for accuracy and completeness. My second amendment today builds upon these accountability measures put forward by Chairman S
HUSTER . My amendment requires the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Transportation to study the potential impacts of a significantly delayed, significantly diminished, or completely failed delivery of the NextGen modernization initiative. My amendment is forward looking, and helps hold the FAA accountable to tax-payers. This examination by the IG would ask some very straightforward but very important ques-tions. Questions like what are the potential im-pacts on the operational efficiency of our avia-tion system without NextGen; how would a failed NextGen delivery impact our inter-national competiveness; what would be the impact on the flying public; what would be the overall economic impact; how would it effect stakeholder use of the system; and more. These are all questions that we need answers for. By having this information, Congress and the American people will know how much is at stake and where we need to make adjust-ments. NextGen is an opportunity, but if that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.057 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3658 April 26, 2018 
opportunity isn’t fully realized, investments to date will be for naught, and all the benefits of a fully modernized Air Traffic Control system will not be realized. Failure is not an option, and Congress needs to do everything in our power to keep the FAA on track. In sum, my amendment makes the DOT IG do a deep dive into the worst case scenarios for NextGen implementation. By having these answers, Congress and the taxpayers will have a full picture of the need to expedite Air Traffic Control modernization, and what more needs to be done to get our aviation system in to the 21st Century. I am pleased both of my amendments are included in the En Bloc package, because I believe they will expedite NextGen deployment and will help modernize our Air Traffic Control systems. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . HIGGINS OF  
LOUISIANA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title IV, insert the following: 
SEC. 6ll. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FLIGHTS BY STAGE 2 AIRPLANES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 47534 of title 49, United States Code, not late than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall initiate a pilot program to permit the operator of a Stage 2 airplane to operate that airplane in revenue and nonrevenue service into medium hub airports or nonhub airports if— (1) the airport— (A) is certified under part 139 of 14, Code of Federal Regulations; (B) has a runway that— (i) is longer than 8,000 feet and not less than 200 feet wide; and (ii) is load bearing with a pavement classi-fication number of not less than 38; (C) has a maintenance facility with a maintenance certificate issued under part 145 of such title; and (D) certifies annually to the Administrator that the airport intends to continue partici-pating in the pilot program; (2) the operator of the Stage 2 airplane op-erates not more than 10 flights per month using that airplane; and (3) revenue flights will be limited to flights transporting specific and necessary equip-ment to maintain or improve the vital indus-try of small rural communities. (b) T
ERMINATION .—The regulations re-quired by subsection (a) shall terminate on the earlier of— (1) the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Act; or (2) the date on which the Administrator de-termines that no Stage 2 airplane remain in service. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
EDIUM HUB AIRPORT ; NONHUB AIPORT .— The terms ‘‘medium hub airport’’ and ‘‘nonhub airport’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 40102 of the title 49, United States Code. (2) STAGE 2 AIRPLANE .—The term ‘‘Stage 2 airplane’’ has the meaning given that term in section 91.851 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very sim-ple. If adopted, it would require the ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to initiate a 10-year pilot program to permit operators of State 2 airplanes to conduct operations in medium-hub or non-hub airports. This pilot program would addition-ally require that participating airports certify each year that they wish to re-main in the program. The whole pur-pose of my amendment is to allow rural airports that are located outside of more heavily populated areas to have the ability to conduct commercial and noncommercial activities that cur-rently are not allowed. Mr. Chairman, this is a pro-business and commonsense amendment, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it and the passage of Chairman S
HUSTER ’s underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time. We have already heard a lot today about noise complaints, and State 2 are very noisy aircraft. They were phased out of revenue service about 15 years ago. They are noisy. They consume more fuel. And I am not quite certain what uses these five or so airports might have and what this pilot pro-gram would look like. So I have a num-ber of concerns about the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to re-claim my time. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 4 minutes. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. H
IGGINS for yielding. I believe this amendment that initi-ates a pilot program allows small num-bers of these aircraft to land in the United States for maintenance serv-ices. I understand what the gentleman is trying to do, and I want to stress the next point, that no community would have these older aircraft land at their airports unless they certify annually that they are willing to accept them. I think the gentleman is trying to create jobs in a district, in a rural area, that the noise will not affect and that will put hardworking Louisianans to work fixing these planes that still operate around the Caribbean. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I stand in support of this amendment, and I respect my col-league’s concerns. I have commu-nicated thoroughly with my constitu-ents in rural areas that would benefit from this amendment and allow the further use of rural airports without interfering with neighborhoods. It has broad support, my friend, across the communities that I represent, and I urge my colleague to reconsider and to support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ). The amendment was agreed to. b1430 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk, No. 42. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 214, strike lines 11 through 15. Page 215, beginning on line 13, strike ‘‘Pur-suant to section 828 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note), not’’ and insert ‘‘Not’’. Page 216, strike lines 1 through 5 and insert the following: (1) ICAO 
TECHNICAL INSTRUCTIONS .—The term ‘‘ICAO Technical Instructions’’ means the International Civil Aviation Organiza-tion Technical Instructions for the Safe Transport of Dangerous Goods by Air (as amended, including any amendments adopt-ed after the date of enactment of this Act). At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. UNITED STATES LEADERSHIP. 
Section 828 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 44701 note), and the item relating to such section in the table of contents of such Act, is repealed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, years ago, people used to refer to the tomb-stone mentality at the FAA, with a lack of oversight where fatal accidents happened, loss of rudder control and other things like that that could have been prevented with proper mainte-nance. We have moved beyond that point to a much more engaged and ac-tive FAA, except Congress has imposed a tombstone mentality on the FAA. At the behest of Chinese battery manufacturers and large firms in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.022 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3659 April 26, 2018 
U.S. who utilize those batteries, an amendment was placed into a previous bill that prohibits the FAA from exer-cising its judgment about the safety of the carriage of lithium batteries on airplanes. Instead, we are bound to an international convention, the ICAO, which is very responsive to third-world countries and China and others in terms of seeking lowest common de-nominator regulation of anything that they can. Normally, we lead the world. Nor-mally, we would say: No, get this stuff off aircraft. We have lost two 747s—two 747s. They were cargo aircraft. They went down because of lithium bat-teries. It only takes a very few lithium batteries. Do we have the lithium battery pic-ture? This is packaging of lithium bat-teries. This is what happens with those lithium batteries if just one overheats and starts a spontaneous reaction— again, catastrophic to the aircraft. Now we are temporarily under an ICAO rule that says that they should not be carried in passenger aircraft, but they are still being regularly car-ried in the holds of cargo aircraft. Now, we have oceans. We have freighters. They have containers. You could plan ahead. Let’s say 2 months from now we are going to say these things don’t go in the air anymore because, okay, yeah, you are right; there are only a couple of pilots who are going to lose their lives. It kind of concerns me. Well, what happens if the 747 comes down in a populated area? Oops, a lot more peo-ple lose their lives. So you can say 2 months from now they are not going to be on aircraft anymore and the industry can set up a new supply chain of putting these things in containers and shipping them across the ocean in a way that will not endanger people on the ground and, in all probability, will not lead to fatali-ties if there were an uncontained spon-taneous ignition of these batteries. Even worse, this administration has designated that the—did you ever hear of this?—Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration, PHMSA, which is a little tiny, pretty dysfunc-tional agency, will take over the au-thority for the regulation and the ne-gotiation of the regulation of lithium batteries from the FAA. What does PHMSA, Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administra-tion, know about aviation? Nothing. Zero. Nada. Nothing. So I guess, again, we are seeing the clout of the manufacturers and the Chinese battery manufacturers. Theo-retically, they are safer now because they can only be charged to 30 percent, but often the Chinese just kind of for-get to do it that way and put them on the planes anyway. So this is an accident waiting to hap-pen. It is an imposition of a tombstone mentality on the FAA by Congress. It says, until there is another proven crash due to lithium batteries, we can’t regulate. Come on. Really? Another proven crash, we can’t regulate? Let’s give the FAA the authority to regulate these batteries. They could probably develop containers, maybe, that they could go in and still be on aircraft, but there are other ways of moving these batteries in world com-merce. So I would urge adoption of my amendment and the repeal of the tomb-stone mentality mandate on the FAA. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose this amendment. The amendment would repeal existing law that has been in place since 2012. The law generally prevents DOT from adopting lithium battery regulations that are not har-monized with international standards. Existing law represents a balanced approach that allows DOT to issue reg-ulations that exceed international re-quirements if the Secretary has cred-ible evidence that lithium batteries would substantially contribute to on-board fires. Billions of lithium batteries and lith-ium-battery containing products are shipped safely by air every year. Ship-ments by air into the U.S. in 2017 were valued at approximately $120 billion, which also means there are thousands of jobs attached to these. Aviation is a global industry, and it is very important there not be a patch-work of regulations. The international body studying the global standards for lithium battery transport require-ments has been very active on the issue, and the United States has been centrally involved. In reality, the international effort on lithium bat-teries has been ahead of the DOT in terms of implementing requirements. Additionally, H.R. 4 continues to focus on safely transporting the prod-ucts that almost all Americans rely on. It assures expert participation in all panels and working groups of inter-national test or standard-setting orga-nizations in which the United States participates. It avoids creating a bur-densome patchwork of regulations, pro-vides the Secretary of Transportation with the authority to deal with this, and creates a Lithium Battery Air Safety Advisory Committee to ensure that the best and safest policy posi-tions are developed and synchronized in the U.S. This amendment also would put ex-clusive powers to represent the United States internationally on transport issues in the hands of the FAA, despite hazardous materials transportation af-fecting all modes of transportation. Currently, the Secretary of Transpor-tation is statutorily directed to rep-resent the United States in inter-national forums for transporting haz-ardous materials in international com-merce. It is the Secretary’s discretion to delegate this authority to her or his choice of agencies. Discretion appro-priately rests with the Secretary. Experts agree that uniform inter-national transportation regulation is a key to safety, so I would urge all Mem-bers to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this doesn’t tell the FAA nor mandate the FAA to regulate lithium batteries. It would allow the status quo, which means the FAA would have the authority to determine whether they represent an inordinate risk and there should be strictures put upon their transport, whether it is con-tainers or other strictures, as opposed to following the lowest common de-nominator international organization. You know, airplane manufacturers see the risk. According to the Inter-national Coordination Council for Aerospace Industries Association, which includes Boeing and Airbus, they say: ‘‘Existing cargo compartment fire protection systems . . . are unable to suppress or extinguish a fire involving significant quantities of lithium bat-teries ....  Therefore, continuing to allow the carriage of lithium batteries within today’s transport category air-craft cargo compartments is an unac-ceptable risk to the air transport in-dustry.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate my colleague’s passion on this issue. I would, again, say, having a system that is harmonized throughout the world is critical. ICAO has already said in their standard that they recommend that we don’t carry them on passenger aircraft, so our industry in America has done that. Further, the companies that ship cargo—UPS, FedEx—are working, and I have seen what they have done to make sure that the crews of cargo planes are protected. Again, the pri-vate industry understands this, and they are moving forward to develop these systems that contain it or sup-pression systems. So, again, I believe that the best way forward is to, again, harmonize with the rest of the world and continue to ship billions of dollars of these bat-teries safely every year. Again, I urge my colleagues to not support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.063 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3660 April 26, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 44 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, to affirm what the chairman already knows, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5ll. ACCESS OF AIR CARRIERS TO INFOR-MATION ABOUT APPLICANTS TO BE PILOTS FROM NATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER. 
Section 30305(b)(8) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8)(A) An individual who is seeking em-ployment by an air carrier as a pilot may re-quest the chief driver licensing official of a State to provide information about the indi-vidual under subsection (a) of this section to the prospective employer of the individual, the authorized agent of the prospective em-ployer, or the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) An air carrier that is the prospective employer of an individual described in sub-paragraph (A), or an authorized agent of such an air carrier, may request and receive information about that individual from the National Driver Register through an organi-zation approved by the Secretary for pur-poses of requesting, receiving, and transmit-ting such information directly to the pro-spective employer of such an individual or the authorized agent of the prospective em-ployer. ‘‘(C) Information may not be obtained from the National Driver Register under this paragraph if the information was entered in the Register more than 5 years before the re-quest unless the information is about a rev-ocation or suspension still in effect on the date of the request.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED  
BY MR . COHEN  
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 46 printed in part A of House Re-port 115–650 be modified by the form I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 46 printed in part A of House Report 115– 650 offered by Mr. C
OHEN : 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5ll. ACCESS OF AIR CARRIERS TO INFOR-MATION ABOUT APPLICANTS TO BE PILOTS FROM NATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER. 
Section 30305(b)(8) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8)(A) An individual who is seeking em-ployment by an air carrier as a pilot may re-quest the chief driver licensing official of a State to provide information about the indi-vidual under subsection (a) of this section to the prospective employer of the individual, the authorized agent of the prospective em-ployer, or the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) An air carrier that is the prospective employer of an individual described in sub-paragraph (A), or an authorized agent of such an air carrier, may request and receive information about that individual from the National Driver Register through an organi-zation approved by the Secretary for pur-poses of requesting, receiving, and transmit-ting such information directly to the pro-spective employer of such an individual or the authorized agent of the prospective em-ployer. A request for information shall be made in accordance with the requirements of section 44703(h)(2). ‘‘(C) Information may not be obtained from the National Driver Register under this paragraph if the information was entered in the Register more than 5 years before the re-quest unless the information is about a rev-ocation or suspension still in effect on the date of the request.’’. Mr. COHEN (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that we not listen to any more of the modi-fication but continue on with debate. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this bipartisan, bicameral amendment, offered with my colleague on the Aviation Subcommittee, Mr. W
OODALL , and spearheaded in the Sen-ate by former military pilot, mother, and great Member, Senator T
AMMY  D
UCKWORTH of Illinois, and Senator P
ERDUE . This amendment is common sense and ensures the safety of the flying public. Our bipartisan amendment streamlines an onerous process that has led to unintended burdens and delays on the State Department of Motor Vehicles across the country and delays in getting prospective pilots eli-gible for employment. To be clear, this amendment does nothing to remove protections to pilots and their privacy already enshrined in Federal law. In 1996, Congress passed the Pilot Records Improvement Act, which man-dated the airlines obtain driving records of all prospective pilot employ-ees from the National Driver Registry. An unintended consequence came about requiring only the chief State li-censing official could approve such re-quest. This has caused delays at DMVs, and currently, most employees have to request these records from Missouri, since they are the sole State still will-ing to access the National Driver Reg-istry for requests from all parties. That is not what was intended, and it re-quires a simple and technical fix that this amendment does bring about. That 1996 law also clearly and strict-ly stipulated the written consent that airlines require from pilots before ob-taining their records and spells out strict guidelines on the privacy and use of that information. They cannot sell that information. Mr. Chairman, I support the amend-ment and ask that it be voted on and approved, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. This amendment would streamline the process for airlines to obtain infor-mation from the National Driver Reg-istry for airline pilots seeking employ-ment. I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to take my remaining time to thank Mr. SHUSTER for his work on this bill, and Mr. D
EFAZIO for his work, too. They did bring about an excellent bill that I am proud to support. I have been proud to be a member of the committee with Mr. S
HUSTER as the chair. He has done an outstanding job and done his father’s memory as a great chairman even greater honor. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T
IPTON ). The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. b1445 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 47 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, and I rise to speak in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title V the following: 
SEC. 543. PROHIBITION REGARDING WEAPONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Unless authorized by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, a person may not operate an unmanned aircraft or unmanned aircraft sys-tem that is equipped or armed with a dan-gerous weapon. (b) D
ANGEROUS WEAPON DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘dangerous weapon’’ has the meaning given that term in section 930(g)(2) of title 18, United States Code. (c) P
ENALTY .—A person who violates this section is liable to the United States Govern-ment for a civil penalty of not more than $25,000 for each violation. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.065 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3661 April 26, 2018 
from Texas (Mr. B URGESS ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, today, I offer an amendment to prevent a per-son from operating an unmanned air-craft or an unmanned aircraft system in the national airspace if that aircraft is equipped or armed with a dangerous weapon, unless that equipment is au-thorized by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration. I have introduced this important lan-guage as the No Armed Drones Act since the 112th Congress. In 2015, an 18-year-old in Connecticut built a multirotor drone mounted with a .45-caliber semiautomatic handgun capable of firing live ammunition while flying. This individual demonstrated how easy it was for a private citizen to create and operate an armed drone in his YouTube video entitled ‘‘Flying Gun.’’ Police did not arrest this person, say-ing that no violation of law had oc-curred. According to the then-chief of police in Clinton, Connecticut, where the drone video was made, this ap-peared to be a case of technology sur-passing current legislation. In response to this and other drone incidents, government agencies are de-veloping counter-drone technology to redirect rogue drones. Police say their greatest fear, with the increase in the use of recreational drones, is their weaponization. In addition, North Da-kota has allowed law enforcement to fly drones armed with ‘‘less than le-thal’’ weapons since 2015, something many in law enforcement say they are not comfortable doing. The use of drones for regular business operations is increasing, and that is a good thing. Farmers use drones to in-spect their crops, security companies use drones to conduct surveillance over guarded properties, home repair com-panies use drones to assess damage on structures, and drones are even begin-ning to be used for home delivery serv-ices. While these abilities may prove convenient to our daily lives, we must not let the civilian applications of drone technology advance to weaponization. Outside of the United States, ter-rorist groups in the Middle East have used small drones as weapons. There is real concern that homegrown extrem-ists in the United States could do the same thing. It is imperative that we take steps to protect the public before death by armed drone becomes a head-line. There is no statute in the United States Code that affirmatively states that an unmanned aircraft system may not be used in the national airspace as a weapon. This amendment today pro-tects the public from drones that have been weaponized, both lethal and non-lethal, by private citizens by pre-venting a person from flying an armed drone in the national airspace without FAA authorization. A person who vio-lates this requirement may be fined a civil penalty of up to $25,000 per viola-tion under the statute. I offer this language as an amend-ment to the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 in order to align current legisla-tion with available technology. It is time we take a preemptive, rather than a reactive, step to protect all Ameri-cans. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I sup-port this amendment. This seems very commonsense to me. Earlier in the en bloc, my amend-ment was adopted, which would give the FAA authority to begin regulation of the small drones, which currently has been prohibited by a statute earlier adopted by Congress. If this passes, that will allow the FAA, if my amendment stands in con-ference, to adopt this commonsense rule. Should my amendment not be adopted in conference with the Senate, and we pass this, the FAA would not have the authority to prohibit arming of small drones since they are prohib-ited from regulating them. Hopefully, both things will occur. Mr. Chairman, I recommend adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . 
PERLMUTTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 49 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. HELICOPTER FUEL SYSTEM SAFETY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 44738. Helicopter fuel system safety ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person may not oper-ate a covered rotorcraft in United States air-space unless the design of the rotorcraft is certified by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to— ‘‘(A) comply with the requirements appli-cable to the category of the rotorcraft under paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (5), and (6) of section 27.952(a), section 27.952(c), section 27.952(f), section 27.952(g), section 27.963(g) (but allow-ing for a minimum puncture force of 250 pounds if successfully drop tested in-struc-ture), and section 27.975(b) or paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (5), and (6) of section 29.952(a), section 29.952(c), section 29.952(f), section 29.952(g),section 29.963(b) (but allowing for a minimum puncture force of 250 pounds if suc-cessfully drop tested in-structure), and 29.975(a)(7) of title 14, Code of Federal Regu-lations, as in effect on the date of enact-ment; or ‘‘(B) employ other means acceptable to the Administrator to provide an equivalent level of fuel system crash resistance. ‘‘(2) COVERED ROTORCRAFT DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered rotorcraft’ means a rotorcraft not otherwise required to comply with section 27.952, section 27.963, and section 27.975, or section 29.952, section 29.963, and section 29.975 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations as in effect on the date of enactment for which manufacture was completed, as determined by the Adminis-trator, on or after the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .—The Ad- ministrator shall— ‘‘(1) expedite the certification and valida-tion of United States and foreign type de-signs and retrofit kits that improve fuel sys-tem crashworthiness; and ‘‘(2) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, and periodi-cally thereafter, issue a bulletin to— ‘‘(A) inform rotorcraft owners and opera-tors of available modifications to improve fuel system crashworthiness; and ‘‘(B) urge that such modifications be in-stalled as soon as practicable. ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to affect the operation of a rotorcraft by the Department of Defense.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘44738. Helicopter fuel system safety.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes. First, I want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for working with me and Mr. P
OLIS, listen-ing to our concerns, and I appreciate their assistance. I rise today to offer an amendment we have been working on for almost 3 years, which is designed to improve helicopter fuel system safety for newly manufactured helicopters. As the chairman knows, on July 3, 2015, a Flight for Life air ambulance helicopter took off in Frisco, Colorado. Just seconds later, the helicopter crashed in a parking lot next to the helipad. After impact, gasoline began to leak from the helicopter and a fire quickly erupted trapping the crew. The crash itself was largely survivable, but the post-crash fire contributed to the death of the pilot, Patrick Mahany, and severely burned the two flight nurses—Dave Repsher and Matthew Bowe. One of the flight nurses suffered burns on more than 90 percent of his body. As we began learning what happened in Frisco, we discovered that a 1994 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.070 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3662 April 26, 2018 
FAA rulemaking required all newly certified helicopter designs to incor-porate crash resistant fuel systems. The problem is that helicopter designs are certified once and then can be man-ufactured for years. So new heli-copters, like the 1-year-old helicopter which crashed in Frisco, Colorado, are being built to a now unsafe design from the 1970s. Mr. Chairman, this is wrong. Since that 1994 rulemaking, there have been more than 175 post-crash fires and at least 80 deaths. We can do better, and we must do better. Since 2015, the FAA has finally start-ed to address the issue. They convened the Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Working Group and tasked them with determining what requirements to place on newly manufactured heli-copters moving forward. That working group submitted their final report last month and made evidence-based rec-ommendations about what safety fea-tures should be required. My amendment today implements those recommendations of the working group by requiring all newly manufac-tured helicopters to be built with safer fuel systems within 18 months. We have known about this problem for dec-ades, and it is past time we close the loophole from 1994 and improve the safety of these helicopters. Two people deserve special thanks: Patrick Mahany’s wife, Karen, for her tireless advocacy for safer helicopters; and Chris Vanderveen, from KUSA- Channel 9, for his diligent reporting about the dangers of these fragile and outdated fuel systems. I would also like to thank Air Meth-ods, the Air Medical Operators Associa-tion, the General Aviation Manufactur-ers Association, and Helicopter Asso-ciation International for working with me and my staff. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD letters of support from Air Methods, Helicopter Association Inter-national, and Air Medical Operators Association. 
AIRMETHODS , Greenwood Village, CO, April 24, 2018. Hon. E
DPERLMUTTER , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE PERLMUTTER : As the House of Representatives prepares to consider HR. 4, the Federal Aviation Admin-istration (FAA) Reauthorization Act of 2018, on behalf of Air Methods, I want to thank you for your dedication and attention to aviation safety, and in particular your tire-less efforts to make helicopter fuel systems safer by equipping them with crash resistant fuel systems (CRFS). At Air Methods, safety is our top priority. We have worked continuously to strengthen our practices, instill a culture of safety throughout our organization, and contribute to industry-wide advances in aviation safety. As part of Air Methods’ dedication to the safety of its crews and patients, we have committed to retrofitting our Airbus H125 and H130 (formally known as EC130) fleet with the updated CRFS. As you may know, in 2015 we partnered with Vector Aerospace to conduct CRFS testing and seek certification for a crash re-sistant fuel system for all Airbus single-en-gine helicopters we operate. The first H125 with the new system arrived at Air Methods’ headquarters in Denver, CO on Dec. 30, 2017, following the Federal Aviation Administra-tion (FAA) supplemental type certificate ap-proval. To date, Air Methods has received and completed the installation of 14 CRFS in our fleet. The Company intends to roll out an entire fleet of retrofitted Airbus H125 and H130 over the next two years. We believe the CRFS program is critical to the air medical transportation industry and have been advocating for and supporting CRFS for several years. We look forward to continuing to work together with you and other legislators to support efforts to im-prove industry-wide safety standards in avia-tion safety and ensure the safety of those who fly with us. Thank you for your leadership and willing-ness to engage Air Methods while working toward ensuring safety for our patients and crews. We look forward to working alongside you and your office to promote aviation safe-ty. Sincerely, MR. AARON TODD, Chief Executive Officer, Air Methods Corporation. 
HAI S TATEMENT ON REPRESENTATIVE  P
ERLMUTTER ’SAMENDMENT  W
ASHINGTON , DC, A PRIL 25 , 2018.—Helicopter Association International (HAI) commends Rep. Ed Perlmutter (D-Colo.) for his collabo-rative efforts in drafting Amendment 29 to improve helicopter fuel system safety. Amendment 29 implements recommenda-tions from the FAA Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Working Group to require all newly manufactured helicopters to meet cer-tain standards to improve the crash resist-ance of helicopter fuel systems within 18 months. HAI appreciates Rep. Perlmutter’s work in addressing this important safety issue and for his commitment to work so closely with the working group’s recommendations. As an advocate for safety in the helicopter indus-try, HAI has been an active participant in the FAA Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Working Group and is committed to the safe-ty improvements the group’s recommenda-tion has brought before the industry. HAI is the professional trade association for the civil helicopter industry. HAI’s 1,500 plus organizational members and 1,800 indi-vidual members operate more than 4,500 heli-copters approximately 2.3 million flight hours each year in 73 nations. HAI is dedi-cated to the promotion of the helicopter as a safe, effective business tool and to the ad-vancement of the international helicopter community. 
AIRMEDICAL OPERATORS ASSOCIATION , Alexandria, VA, April 24, 2018. Hon. E
DPERLMUTTER , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN PERLMUTTER : On be- half of the Air Medical Operators Associa-tion (AMOA), I am writing today to express our support for your proposed amendment on ‘‘Helicopter Fuel System Safety’’. This amendment would codify the recommenda-tions of the FAA’s Rotorcraft Occupant Pro-tection Working Group on Crash Resistant Fuel Systems (CRFS). Since its founding in 2009, AMOA and its member companies have committed to an ongoing series of safety enhancements and investments. Our efforts include actions to comply with the FAA’s Helicopter Air Am-bulance rule, such as installing Helicopter Terrain Awareness and Warning Systems (HTAWS) and Flight Data Monitoring Sys-tems (FDMS), and establishing Operations Control Centers (OCC). AMOA member com-panies have also gone above and beyond reg-ulatory requirements by undertaking vol-untary safety initiatives, including the use of Night Vision Goggles (NVGs). In November, 2015, AMOA announced a commitment to the installation of CRFS in all new aircraft and equipping current air-craft with CRFS as those products become available. We also supported the inclusion of Section 2105 of the ‘‘FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016’’, which directed the FAA to ‘‘evaluate and update, as necessary, standards for crash-resistant fuel systems for civilian rotorcraft’’. We are pleased to support your amendment as another positive step in the continuous ef-fort to improve the safety of the life-saving transportation provided by AMOA’s member companies. AMOA urges the House to adopt your amendment. Thank you for your work on this very im-portant issue. Sincerely, SALLY VEITH, E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR , Air Medical Operators Association. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Mem-ber D
EFAZIO for their help through this process. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I do not op-pose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering his amendment. This amendment implements critical recommendations from the FAA’s Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Work-ing Group. Specifically the amendment will require newly manufactured heli-copters meet specific safety standards to prevent post-crash fires from occur-ring. In many cases, fatal helicopter acci-dents are due to post-crash fires rather than the impact itself. Equipping these new helicopters with crash resistant fuel systems is absolutely critical in preventing thermal injuries and fatali-ties. I thank the gentleman for his contin-ued leadership and persistence. When I say persistence, the gentleman has been working on this issue for a num-ber of years, so, again, I congratulate him for that effort. Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to another gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Representative P
ERLMUTTER . I am proud to join him in offering this amendment, which comes in a direct response to a tragedy that occurred in the district I am honored to represent, and countless other tragedies across the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.072 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3663 April 26, 2018 
As Representative P ERLMUTTER men-tioned, back in 2015, there was a Flight for Life crash in Frisco, Colorado. The pilot, Patrick Mahany, died, and one person on board is still in the recovery process. The death and damage was caused not directly from the crash, but from the lack of a crash resistant fuel sys-tem that is already mandated in mili-tary helicopters, but, for some ridicu-lous reason, it is not mandated in civil-ian aircraft like the Flight for Life hel-icopter. I want to thank the widow of Pat-rick, Karen Mahany, for keeping this issue in front and foremost. I know how difficult it must be to go through a personal mourning process, but then to look above that and say: Let’s stop this kind of tragedy from affecting other families. That is what Karen has done by putting herself out there. I am honored to be supportive of this amendment here today that will save lives and make sure that Patrick is among the last to suffer from a loss of life from this lack of simple safety equipment in helicopters. This important amendment simply requires the FAA to mandate crash re-sistant fuel systems in newly manufac-tured helicopters. I am also working on a tax credit to help fund retrofitting of existing helicopters. We can’t let an-other tragedy lead to loss of life from an avoidable problem. All helicopters should be equipped with the best, most effective, and cost-effective technology available. Mr. Chairman, I strongly encourage my colleagues to adopt this amend-ment and ensure that this is part of the final bill that comes out of the House and Senate as well. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I have no other speakers on this. I would ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on amendment No. 49, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 53 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 60 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V of the bill, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 5ll. COASTAL OVERFLIGHT. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall ensure that all aircraft transitioning from flight over ocean to flight over land shall fly at a safe altitude. Such al-titude shall not be lower than specific flight operations require. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Congressman D
EFAZIO and, of course, Chairman S
HUSTER for their hard work that they put into this. Unfortunately, my amendment, as it indicates, is that a large part of the job that I would have hoped that would have been accomplished by the FAA re-authorization was not done in a way that handles what is, in my area, the most significant problem. There are a great many provisions there. But my amendment today, which I am advo-cating today, seeks to correct one area that has been given underwhelmingly little treatment in this legislation, and that is called: correcting the problems of air noise over our neighborhoods. b1500 My amendment, the amendment we are discussing at this point, will ensure that aircraft transitioning from flight over ocean to flight over land be no lower than is absolutely necessary for safety. Many times over our coastal commu-nities, planes are flying much lower on approach, after taking off, and briefly climbing back over the ocean and then over the land. There is no reason that some aircraft need to be at 1,600 feet when other air-craft can safely fly at 3,500 feet. This amendment will correct that problem. It will require those aircraft that are coming over the ocean and onto land and into some flight pattern in our local airports and nationally in those airports, that they fly at the highest altitude that is safe in this situation. Unfortunately, I have had four amendments that were not permitted that would have corrected the noise problem altogether and it would have said that we would have then been able to address it. The reason it wasn’t addressed as the bill was being prepared is that this leg-islation and the regulations of the FAA say that safety will be the first pri-ority, efficiency will be the second pri-ority, and then community impact on those communities below have third priority. Well, the fact is there is no reason why—number one, safety does have to be first, we know that—but there is no reason why the excessive noise and the impact of noise and pollution on the cities below a landing area or a taking- off area should not have more consider-ation than simply the efficiency of the airlines to save a few minutes. I am very upset that those amend-ments that would have corrected this problem—number one, all we have to do is make sure that we are mandating the right priorities for the FAA; that efficiency is less important than the communities that are being flown over, because every day, those people have to experience noise and pollution due to the fact that they live near an airport. So those amendments, however, were not made in order, and I would offi-cially hope that we can deal with that later, but that is a great disservice to those people around the country who are suffering excessive noise that didn’t need to happen. So this amendment goes far enough in terms of an issue like that, but we should be solving the problem by changing the priorities and mandating that all airplanes, when they are flying over populated areas, the people who they are flying over have to be given consideration by making sure that that plane is flying at the highest altitude that is safe. Unfortunately, as I say, the amend-ments that I offered that would have mandated that actually were not made in order. This amendment will come to grips a little bit on this issue, but we had an opportunity here to change and to solve one of the basic complaints that are being made throughout our country by American citizens when dealing with air traffic. When we are here, our job isn’t just to watch out for the airliners. That is not it. We have to be considerate about the American people, and especially those people whose homes are there un-derneath the flight patterns. That is not what has happened in this legislation, and I am very disturbed about it, because I had five amend-ments that would have solved this problem once and for all, would have been fair to the airlines, would have made sure we were safe, that people were safe, but at the same time, we would see that the American people who live underneath these flight paths were treated fairly and that their fami-lies were not put at risk by excessive noise and by pollution that comes from airlines flying overhead. Mr. Chair, I ask for my amendment to be accepted, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. F
RANCIS ROO-
NEY of Florida). The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the fact that the gentleman is rep-resenting very well his constituents’ concerns. We had an earlier discussion on the floor about the aircraft noise. An amendment was adopted to have the FAA study the speed of approach and take-off, which can dramatically reduce the noise impact. I have also asked the FAA to look at establishing alternate performance- based navigation routes so they are not using the same route every day over the same houses and the same neigh-borhoods. When I first saw this amendment, it seemed to me innocuous since it seems to follow the basic requirement in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.073 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3664 April 26, 2018 
controller handbook, FAA Order 7110.65, section 561, which addresses this issue. However, we have been con-tacted by the National Air Traffic Con-trollers union, and they have expressed grave concerns that they think it may have unintended consequences. Unfortunately, they just contacted us, so we haven’t been able to get the details of their concerns. So in that case, I would have to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 63 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order by the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V of the bill, add the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PREVAILING RATE OF WAGE REQUIRE-MENTS. 
None of the funds made available by this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing rate of wage re-quirements in subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the Davis-Bacon Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment that this House has seen before in different configura-tions, but it is known as the Davis- Bacon amendment. What it does, it provides that none of the funds made available by this act may be used to implement, to admin-ister, or enforce the prevailing rate of wage requirements, commonly referred to as the Davis-Bacon Act. Mr. Chairman, I think that we know what this bill does. It was in 1931, it was established for, I will say, trade protectionism, labor protectionism, to lock the African-American labor from Alabama out of the construction trades in New York City that were unionized at that time and strongly protected, and still are, actually, but the sub-stance of it is this. I have a letter here that was written by Grover Norquist, the president of Americans For Tax Reform, and in summary, it says this: Because the Davis-Bacon Act reduces the number of jobs, increases costs, and has a racist history, funds from the FAA Reauthor-ization Act should not be used to fulfill Davis-Bacon Act requirements. Ameri-cans For Tax Reform, therefore, strongly supports Congressman KING’s amendment. That is one version of description of this bill. Here is another one I thought was a little bit more descriptive. This is an article written by George Will, and it is dated June 19, 2017. He references back to River City, and he says a quote from that, ‘‘The Music Man’’: You really ought to give Iowa a try, provided you are contrary. He starts out this article this way, and the quote is from ‘‘Iowa Stub-born’’, a song in ‘‘The Music Man’’, Mr. Chairman. It says: 
Contrary does not quite capture S TEVE  K
ING’s astringency. The Iowa native and con-servative Congressman was born, appro-priately, in Storm Lake, Iowa, and carries turbulence with him. He also carries experi-ence of actual life before politics, when he founded a construction company, which is one reason he has long advocated an excel-lent idea: repeal of the Davis-Bacon law. King came to Congress in 2003, and has been stubbornly submitting repeal legisla-tion since 2005. He would not have succeeded even if he were less of a prickly cactus and more of a shrinking violet. Davis-Bacon is just another piece of gov-ernment that is as indefensible as it is inde-structible. And so today, when social hygien-ists are cleansing the public square of names and statues tainted by historical connections with racism, Davis-Bacon’s durability is proof that a measure’s racist pedigree will be forgiven if the measure serves a progressive agenda. 
It is time to put an end to Davis- Bacon. We can do that here today, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, this is a perpetual debate here on the floor whenever it comes to the expenditure of Federal tax dollars on projects that are covered by Davis-Bacon, as would be projects under the Airport Improve-ment Program and other related activi-ties by the FAA. The bottom line here is we can chase the lowest common denominator around the United States, or around the world sometimes, in terms of trade, and undermine the capability of Amer-icans to make a decent living, to have a home and have a family, and live the American Dream. The savings are illusory at best. In many cases, they would go to profits for nonunion shops and others, and we would return to the old days of basi-cally exploiting those who work in con-struction and related activities. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. DEFAZIO both for yielding, but espe-cially for his leadership on this issue. As the ranking member said, this is something that comes up every year. Thankfully, Democrats and Repub-licans have stood together to protect this important worker protection. Let’s just be clear about this. This is about the desire to engage in this race to the bottom to pay working families less money. The truth of the matter is coming from a community, a community like Flint, Saginaw, Bay City, where we have seen significant and continuing loss of earned income by working peo-ple, where we have a chance to say to the American people that when it is your tax dollars being spent, we are not going to use them to undermine the ability of a family to have a decent wage. People work hard at these jobs, they have trained long for these jobs, going through apprenticeships or other skilled training, and the idea that we would reverse a decades-long commit-ment to the American worker that when it comes to federally funded projects, we are going to ensure that if you work hard, play by the rules, you get a decent wage, I support that, and we all should. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time is remain-ing on each side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Iowa has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Oregon has 3 min-utes remaining. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I hear these arguments constantly: low-est common denominator, nonunion shops. We know it is union scale, there is a confession that it is, even though the law says that it is prevailing wage. Exploiting workers, race to the bot-tom, people work hard. These are standard lines that come out every year, but I am the one that has lived this. We have met payroll for over 42 years, and we pay a competitive wage. We want to hire the best people we can and pay them the best wages that we can, and we want to have the lowest turnover possible. And we are in pretty good shape that way after 42 years. I think I know about this. Davis-Bacon increases inefficiencies and it puts people in the wrong place doing the wrong thing for the wrong in-centives. And by the way, who is hardworking? The taxpayers are hardworking. The taxpayers are paying the bill for an extra 20 percent on every construction project in America. In a lot of cases, we are borrowing the money from China and putting the debt onto our children. That is what we are faced with here, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, look around the country. There are many States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.076 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3665 April 26, 2018 
that have not adopted a minimum wage that exceeds the Federal min-imum wage of $7.50 an hour. That is pretty pathetic. My State is one of many that has chosen to far exceed that minimum wage, but if we do away with—this says that federally funded contracts must receive the local prevailing wage for their work. In Oregon, we have recog-nized that with a higher minimum wage, so our prevailing wages are going to be higher than some State that only follows the Federal minimum wage of $7.50 an hour. b1515 So what might some contractor do? Oh, I can go over here and hire people who are used to earning $7.50 an hour. I am going to import them into Or-egon. Of course, you are going to still have a problem with our minimum wage law, but this is what this is about is to find less expensive labor and move it around the country, and that, I be-lieve, is a disservice to the working people of the United States. I would urge Congress, as it has done every other time this amendment has been offered, to reject it on a broad bi-partisan basis. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I appreciate the gentleman’s remarks, but I would add for the body that the Federal minimum wage really is not relevant at all to this Davis- Bacon wage scale debate. There is no-body working under Davis-Bacon wage scales who is making minimum wage. And by the way, that Federal min-imum wage is becoming irrelevant as competition for wages is driving things up. But here is another way to think about this: I have long said that if it is a road construction, you can build 5 miles of road instead of 4 if you get rid of Davis-Bacon; five bridges instead of four if you get rid of Davis-Bacon. If it happens to be river construc-tion—we lost a lock and dam on the Mississippi going into the weekend, lock and dam No. 11. These things cost money. There are 29 of those. We could either fix 23 of them under Davis- Bacon, or all 29 of them without Davis- Bacon. There are 45 major airports in Amer-ica; and if we are going to renovate those airports, we can renovate all of them, or we can renovate 36 of them, depending on whether this amendment passes or fails. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from Americans for Tax Reform and an article from The Washington Post. 
AMERICANS FOR TAXREFORM , Washington, DC, April 26, 2018. D
EARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : I am writing in support of Congressman Steve King’s (R– IA) amendment (#63) to the FAA Reauthor-ization Act, H.R. 4. The amendment pro-hibits the usage of funds from the bill to ‘‘implement, administer, or enforce’’ the pre-vailing wage requirements in the Davis- Bacon Act. The Davis-Bacon Act is a 1931 federal law that has a history of high costs, lost jobs and racism. It requires contractors and sub-contractors to pay the local ‘‘prevailing wage’’ on public works projects (over $2,000) for laborers and mechanics. The ‘‘prevailing wage’’ is usually a wage set by unions and is typically much higher than the average wage for the job in the area. This leads to higher government project costs, hurting small non- unionized contractors and costing low- skilled jobs. In fact, the Government Accountability Of-fice (General Accounting Office) in 1979 urged the repeal of Davis-Bacon for these same reasons. Further, a 2011 study by the Heritage Foundation found that the Act added almost $11 billion to the deficit in 2011 in unnecessary expenses, while suspending the Act would have added 155,000 construc-tion jobs. Finally, the Congressional Budget Office reported in 2016 that repealing the act would reduce discretionary outlays by $13 billion from 2018 through 2026. In addition to raising costs and losing jobs, the Act also has racist origins and was passed during the Great Depression because minority migrant workers were taking jobs meant for white locals at lower wages. Because the Davis-Bacon Act reduces the number of jobs, increases costs and has a racist history, funds from the FAA Reau-thorization Act should not be used to fulfill Davis-Bacon Act requirements. Americans for Tax Reform, therefore, strongly supports Congressman King’s amendment. Sincerely, GROVER NORQUIST , President, Americans for Tax Reform. 
[From the Washington Post, June 19, 2017] A R
ACIST VESTIGE OF THE PASTTHAT PRO-
GRESSIVES AREHAPPY TOLEAVE IN PLACE  (By George F. Will) ‘‘You really ought to give Iowa a try. Pro-vided you are contrary.’’—‘‘Iowa Stubborn,’’ from Meredith Wilson’s ‘‘The Music Man’’ ‘‘Contrary’’ does not quite capture Steve King’s astringency. The Iowa native and con-servative congressman was born, appro-priately, in Storm Lake, and carries turbu-lence with him. He also carries experience of actual life before politics, when he founded a construction company, which is one reason he has long advocated an excellent idea—re-peal of the Davis-Bacon law. King came to Congress in 2003 and has been stubbornly submitting repeal legislation since 2005. He would not have succeeded even if he were less of a prickly cactus and more of a shrinking violet. Davis-Bacon is just an-other piece of government that is as indefen-sible as it is indestructible. It is too secure to require defending be-cause it benefits a muscular faction. Repeal would, however, reduce the cost of new infra-structure by many billions of dollars. And today, when social hygienists are cleansing the public square of names and statues taint-ed by historical connections with racism, Davis-Bacon’s durability is proof that a measure’s racist pedigree will be forgiven if the measure serves a progressive agenda. Davis-Bacon was enacted in 1931 to require construction contractors to pay ‘‘prevailing wages’’ on federal projects. Generally, this means paying union wage scales. It was en-acted as domestic protectionism, largely to protect organized labor from competition by African Americans who often were excluded from union membership but who were suc-cessfully competing for jobs by being willing to work for lower wages. In 1927, Rep. Robert Bacon, a Long Island Republican, was miffed because the low bid-der for a construction project in his dis-trict—a veterans’ hospital—was an Alabama contractor who used black labor. That year, when Bacon first introduced his legislation, he showed that he was not a narrow-gauge bigot. He inserted into the Congressional Record the following statement by 34 profes-sors concerning immigration legislation: ‘‘We urge the extension of the quota sys-tem to all countries of North and South America from which we have substantial im-migration and in which the population is not predominantly of the white race . . . Only by this method can that large proportion of our population which is descended from the colo-nists . . . have their proper racial represen-tation.’’ By 1931, the Depression had made govern-ment construction money especially coveted and Davis-Bacon passed with the support of the American Federation of Labor. The con-gressional debate that preceded enactment was replete with references to ‘‘unattached migratory workmen,’’ ‘‘itinerant labor,’’ ‘‘cheap, imported labor,’’ ‘‘cheap bootleg labor’’ and ‘‘labor lured from distant places’’ for ‘‘competition with white labor through-out the country.’’ Hearings on Davis-Bacon brought out the drollery in Rep. William Upshaw, a Georgia Democrat. He said he hoped his Northern colleagues in Congress would permit a Southerner to smile about ‘‘your reaction to that real problem you are confronted with in any community with a superabundance or large aggregation of Negro labor.’’ In 1931, the unemployment rate of blacks was approximately the same as the rate for the general population. Davis-Bacon is one reason the rate for blacks began to deviate adversely. In 1932, generally there were about 3,500 workers building what became Hoover Dam. Never more than 30 were black. In 1993, with Congress stoutly opposed to taking anything from something as powerful as organized labor, opponents of Davis-Bacon turned to the judiciary. A lawsuit on behalf of some minority contractors challenged the law’s constitutionality, arguing that it bur-dened the exercise of a fundamental civil right—the right to earn a living. And that it had a disparate impact on minority workers and small minority-owned construction busi-nesses. The suit languished in court for al-most a decade before the plaintiffs lost, vic-tims of excessive judicial deference to the legislature. In 1992, to expedite cleanup after Hurri-canes Andrew and Iniki, President George H.W. Bush suspended portions of Davis- Bacon in South Florida, coastal Louisiana and Hawaii. Bush’s successor, Bill Clinton, promptly reversed Bush’s policy. A 2011 Heritage Foundation study esti-mated that Davis-Bacon would add almost $11 billion to that year’s construction costs. That sum will be eclipsed when—if—bold talk about making America’s infrastructure great again is translated into spending. Then we build up the national debt while pur-chasing less infrastructure than the appro-priated sums should purchase. Davis-Bacon is rent-seeking, the use of po-litical power to supplant the market as the allocator of opportunity and wealth. Rent- seeking is lucrative, which is why there is so much of it, even when its pedigree is repul-sive. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.079 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3666 April 26, 2018 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
SHUSTER OF PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, pursu-ant to House Resolution 839, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting of amendment Nos. 66, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 76, 77, 80, 82, 83, 85, 86, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 98, 99, 100, and 101 printed in part A of House Report 115–650, offered by Mr. S
HUSTER of Pennsylvania: 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . 
FORTENBERRY OF NEBRASKA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. SAFETY EQUIPMENT STORAGE FACILI-TIES. 
Section 47102(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(P) Constructing storage facilities to shelter snow removal equipment or aircraft rescue and firefighting equipment that is owned by the airport sponsor and used exclu-sively to maintain safe airfield operations, up to the facility size necessary to accommo-date the types and quantities of equipment prescribed by the FAA, regardless of whether Federal funding was used to acquire the equipment.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . SUOZZI OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON AIRLINE AND PASSENGER SAFETY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on airline and pas-senger safety. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the average age of commercial aircraft owned and operated by United States air car-riers; (2) the over-all use of planes, including av-erage lifetime of commercial aircraft; (3) the number of hours aircraft are in flight over the life of the aircraft and the av-erage number of hours on domestic and international flights , respectively; and (4) the impact of metal fatigue on aircraft usage and safety; (5) a review on contractor assisted mainte-nance of commercial aircraft; and (6) a re-evaluation of the rules on inspec-tion of aging airplanes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MS . MAXINE  
WATERS OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 543. REPORT ON AIRCRAFT DIVERSIONS FROM LAX TO HAWTHORNE MUNIC-IPAL AIRPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue and make available to the public a re-port on diversions of aircraft from Los Ange-les International Airport (LAX) to Haw-thorne Municipal Airport, also known as Jack Northrop Field, in the City of Haw-thorne, California. This report shall cover at least the previous one-year period and in-clude the total number of aircraft diversions, the average number of diversions per day, the types of aircraft diverted, and the rea-sons for the diversions. AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE OF  
NEW MEXICO  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SECTION lll. FORMER MILITARY AIRPORTS. 
Section 47118(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the airport is— ‘‘(A) a former military installation; and ‘‘(B) a primary airport.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . 
FLEISCHMANN OF TENNESSEE  At the end of title V, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 543. USE OF STATE HIGHWAY SPECIFICA-TIONS. 
Section 47114(d)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF STATE HIGHWAY SPECIFICA -
TIONS .—The Secretary shall use the highway specifications of a State for airfield pave-ment construction and improvement using funds made available under this subsection at nonprimary airports serving aircraft that do not exceed 60,000 pounds gross weight if— ‘‘(A) such State requests the use of such specifications; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) safety will not be negatively affected; and ‘‘(ii) the life of the pavement, with nec-essary maintenance and upkeep, will not be shorter than it would be if constructed using Administration standards.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Admin-istrator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion and the Secretary should produce a smart airports initiative plan that focuses on creating a more consumer-friendly and digitally connected airport experience. The plan should include recommendations on modernizing technologies to provide more ef-ficient check-ins, shortened security lines, Wi-Fi and GPS upgrades, as well as improve-ments of aircraft turnaround for on-time boarding and flights. The purpose of the ini-tiative is to invest in technologies and infra-structure toward better-connected airports while providing appropriate national secu-rity and cybersecurity for travelers. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. OXYGEN MASK DESIGN STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a study to review and evaluate the design and effectiveness of commercial air-craft oxygen masks. In conducting the study, the Administrator shall determine whether the current design of oxygen masks is ade-quate, and whether changes to the design could increase correct passenger usage of the masks. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . GIBBS OF  
OHIO At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5ll. STANDARDS FOR PILOTS. 
(a) A GEADJUSTMENT .—Section 44729(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘covered operations until attaining 65 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘covered oper-ations described under subsection (b)(1) until attaining 65 years of age and covered oper-ations described under subsection (b)(2) until attaining 70 years of age’’. (b) COVERED OPERATIONS .—Section 44729(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘means operations under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations.’’ and inserting ‘‘means— ‘‘(1) operations under part 121 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(2) operations by a person that— ‘‘(A) holds an air carrier certificate issued pursuant to part 119 to conduct operations under part 135 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(B) qualifies as a program manager under subpart K of part 91 of title 14, Code of Fed-eral Regulations; and ‘‘(C) performed an aggregate total of at least 150,000 turbojet operations in— ‘‘(i) calendar year 2017; or ‘‘(ii) any subsequent year.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5ll. STUDY REGARDING TECHNOLOGY USAGE AT AIRPORTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall conduct a study and report the findings of such study to the appropriate committees of Congress regarding— (1) technology developed by international entities (including foreign nations and com-panies) that have been installed in American airports and aviation systems over the past decade, including the nation where the tech-nology was developed and the any airports utilizing the technology; and (2) aviation safety related technology de-veloped and implemented by international entities with proven track records of success that may assist in establishing best prac-tices to improve American aviation oper-ations and safety. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. APPLICATIONS FOR DESIGNATION. 
Section 2209 of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(C)— (A) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause (v); and (B) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) Railroad facilities.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) D
EADLINES .— ‘‘(1) Not later than December 31, 2018, the Administrator shall publish a notice of pro-posed rulemaking to carry out the require-ments of this section. ‘‘(2) Not later than 12 months after pub-lishing the notice of proposed rulemaking under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall issue a final rule.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . DOGGETT  
OF TEXAS  At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. APPLICABILITY OF MEDICAL CERTIFI-CATION STANDARDS TO OPERATORS OF AIR BALLOONS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited a the ‘‘Commercial Balloon Pilot Safe-ty Act of 2018’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.082 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3667 April 26, 2018 
Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall revise section 61.3(c) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (relat-ing to second-class medical certificates), to apply to an operator of an air balloon to the same extent such regulations apply to a pilot flight crewmember of other aircraft. (c) A
IRBALLOON DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘air balloon’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘balloon’’ in section 1.1 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MR . CARTER OF  
GEORGIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS OF EQUIPMENT RENTAL. 
(a) C OST-EFFECTIVENESS ANALYSIS OF  E
QUIPMENT RENTAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any cost- effectiveness analysis for equipment acquisi-tion conducted on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each executive agency shall consider equipment rental in such cost- effectiveness analysis. (2) F
EDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION .—The Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be re-vised to implement the requirement under paragraph (1). (b) S
TUDY OF COST-EFFECTIVENESS ANAL-
YSIS.—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a comprehensive report on the de-cisions made by the executive agencies with the highest levels of acquisition spending, and a sample of executive agencies with lower levels of acquisition spending, to ac-quire high-value equipment by lease, rental, or purchase pursuant to subpart 7.4 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
QUIPMENT RENTAL .—The term ‘‘equip-ment rental’’ means the acquisition of equip-ment by contract from a commercial source for a temporary period of use with no fixed duration. (2) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘execu-tive agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MR . LANCE OF  
NEW JERSEY  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act (ex-cept as described in subsection (d)), the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report con-taining the results of the study described in subsection (b). (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Administrator shall make recommendations based on— (1) an analysis of— (A) the economic effects of temporary flight restrictions, particularly temporary flight restrictions issued pursuant to section 91.141 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions, on airports or aviation-related busi-nesses located or based in an area covered by the temporary flight restriction; and (B) potential options and recommendations for mitigating identified negative economic effects on airports or aviation-related busi-nesses located or based in an area frequently covered by a temporary flight restriction; and (2) an analysis of the potential for using se-curity procedures similar to those described in the Maryland Three Program (allowing properly vetted private pilots to fly to, from, or between the three general aviation air-ports closest to the National Capital Region) during temporary flight restrictions in the following airports: (A) Solberg Airport. (B) Somerset Airport. (C) Palm Beach County Park Airport (also known as Lantana Airport). (c) COLLABORATION .—In making the rec-ommendations described in subsection (b), the Administrator shall consult with— (1) industry stakeholders; and (2) the head of any other agency that, in the Administrator’s determination, is a stakeholder agency. (d) S
PECIAL DEADLINE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report containing the results of the portion of the study described in subsection (b)(1)(A). 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
OF WASHINGTON  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. STUDY ON INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDS OF FAST-GROWING AIRPORTS. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration shall enter into an agreement with an institution of higher education to conduct a study on the infrastructure needs of air-ports— (1) in metropolitan statistical areas with an average 5-year, year-to-year population growth rate between 6 and 13 percent; and (2) with an average 5-year, year-to-year passenger growth rate between 7 and 10 per-cent. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study conducted pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of the infrastructure needs of the airports described in subsection (a); (2) an examination of how such infrastruc-ture needs are related to the population and economic growth of relevant metropolitan statistical areas; (3) an assessment of the infrastructure funding and financing tools available to such airports; (4) the development of recommendations on additional funding and financing tools that may provide significant new revenues and flexibility; (5) an estimate of the population and eco-nomic growth rate of the relevant metropoli-tan statistical areas over the next 10 years; and (6) the development of recommendations on how such airports can best fund the infra-structure necessary to accommodate— (A) increases in passenger growth; and (B) population and economic growth in the relevant metropolitan statistical areas. 
AMENDMENT NO . 89 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. AIRCRAFT NOISE RESEARCH AND MITI-GATION STRATEGY. 
Not later than 1 year from the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate a 5-year aircraft noise research and miti-gation strategy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 90 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: SEC. ll. ALTERNATIVE AIRPLANE NOISE MET-RIC EVALUATION DEADLINE. 
Not later than 1 year from the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall complete the ongoing evaluation of alter-native metrics to the current Day Night Level (DNL) 65 standard. 
AMENDMENT NO . 91 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. PERFORMANCE-BASED STANDARDS. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall, to the maximum ex-tent possible and consistent with Federal law, and based on input by the public, ensure that regulations, guidance, and policies issued by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion on and after the date of enactment of this Act are issued in the form of perform-ance-based standards, providing an equal or higher level of safety. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in con-sultation with the National Transportation Safety Board, shall issue a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that— (1) provides a technical review of systems capable of detecting wrong surface align-ment to determine whether the capability exists to detect imminent wrong-surface landings at each airport where such a system is in use; and (2) includes information gathered from the use of Airport Surface Surveillance Capa-bility System (ASSC) at San Francisco International Airport since July 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 93 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. REPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS ON CERTAIN AVIATION SAFETY RISKS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— (1) identifies safety risks associated with power outages at airports caused by weather or other factors, and recommends actions to improve resilience of aviation communica-tion, navigation, and surveillance systems in the event of such outages; and (2) reviews alerting mechanisms, devices, and procedures for enhancing the situational awareness of pilots and air traffic controllers in the event of a failure or an irregularity of runway lights, and provides recommenda-tions on the further implementation of such mechanisms, devices, or procedures. 
AMENDMENT NO . 94 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in con-sultation with the National Transportation Safety Board, shall issue a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that re-views the relative benefits and risks of re-quiring the use of runway awareness and ad-visory systems in turbine-powered airplanes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.027 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3668 April 26, 2018 
under the provisions of part 121 or part 129 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 95 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll REVIEW OF FAA’S AVIATION SAFETY IN-FORMATION ANALYSIS AND SHAR-ING SYSTEM. 
(a) A UDIT BY DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPOR -
TATION INSPECTOR GENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, the Inspec-tor General shall initiate a follow-up review of the Federal Aviation Administration’s (FAA) Aviation Safety Information Analysis and Sharing (ASIAS) System to assess FAA’s efforts and plans to improve the system. (2) R
EVIEW .—The review should include, at a minimum, an evaluation of FAA’s efforts to improve the ASIAS system’s predictive capabilities and solutions developed to more widely disseminate results of ASIAS data analyses, as well as an update on previous Inspector General recommendations to im-prove this safety analysis and sharing sys-tem. (3) R
EPORT .—The Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of its review and any recommendations to improve FAA’s ASIAS system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
OF MICHIGAN  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. CYBERSECURITY AND ARTIFICIAL IN-TELLIGENCE STANDARDS PLAN. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall, in consultation with the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Com-mittee on Technology of the National Science and Technology Council, transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that contains a cybersecurity and artificial intel-ligence standards plan for Federal Aviation Administration operations that takes into consideration the influence of cybersecurity on artificial intelligence and of artificial in-telligence on cybersecurity. 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MR . CA´RDENAS  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON HIRING VET-ERANS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the avia-tion industry, including certificate holders under parts 121, 135, and 145 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, should hire more of the Nation’s veterans. 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
OF ILLINOIS  Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. GAO STUDY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing a review of the following: (1) Direct and indirect effects on pas-sengers, if any, resulting from significant computer network disruptions of 49 CFR Part 121 air carriers between January 1, 2014, and the date of enactment of this section, in-cluding— (A) systemwide delays; (B) flight cancellations; and (C) disrupted or broken itineraries. (2) An estimate of any expenses incurred by passengers during significant computer network disruptions, including— (A) meals, lodging, and ancillary expenses per persons; (B) late hotel check-in or car rental fees; (C) missed cruise-ship departures; and (D) lost productivity. (3) Air carriers’ contracts of carriage and interline agreements to determine if and how air carriers accommodate passengers af-fected by significant computer network dis-ruptions on other air carriers or foreign air carriers. (4) Whether passengers who have been dis-placed by significant computer network dis-ruptions are furnished with alternative transportation aboard another air carrier or foreign air carrier. (5) Costs incurred by airports, if any, to meet the essential needs of passengers, in-cluding increased demands on utilities, food concessionaires, restroom facilities, and se-curity staffing, during significant computer network disruptions. (6) Other costs, if any, incurred by pas-sengers, airports, and other entities as a di-rect result of significant computer network disruptions. (7) Processes, plans, and redundancies in place at air carriers to respond to and re-cover from such network disruptions. AMENDMENT NO . 101 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
WISCONSIN  Page 267, after line 11, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. PROMPT PAYMENTS. 
(a) R EPORTING OF COMPLAINTS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall ensure that each airport that participates in the Pro-gram tracks, and reports to the Adminis-trator, the number of covered complaints made in relation to activities at that air-port. (b) I
MPROVING COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall take actions to assess and improve compli-ance with prompt payment requirements under part 26 of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations. (2) C
ONTENTS OF ASSESSMENT .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Administrator shall assess— (A) whether requirements relating to the inclusion of prompt payment language in contracts are being satisfied; (B) whether and how airports are enforcing prompt payment requirements; (C) the processes by which covered com-plaints are received and resolved by airports; (D) whether improvements need to be made to— (i) better track covered complaints re-ceived by airports; and (ii) assist the resolution of covered com-plaints in a timely manner; (E) the effectiveness of alternative dispute resolution mechanisms with respect to re-solving covered complaints; (F) best practices that ensure prompt pay-ment requirements are satisfied; (G) the Federal Aviation Administration resources, including staff, that are dedicated to helping resolve covered complaints; and (H) how the Federal Aviation Administra-tion can enhance efforts to resolve covered complaints, including by using timelines and providing additional staffing and other re-sources. (3) R
EPORTING .—The Administrator shall make available to the public on an appro-priate website operated by the Adminis-trator a report describing the results of the assessment completed under this subsection, including a plan to respond to such results. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) C
OVERED COMPLAINT .—The term ‘‘cov-ered complaint’’ means a complaint relating to an alleged failure to satisfy a prompt pay-ment requirement under part 26 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the airport disadvantaged business enter-prise program referenced in section 140(a) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47113 note). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFA-
ZIO) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I sup-port considering these amendments en bloc, all of which have been approved by both the majority and minority. These Members put forward thoughtful amendments, and I am pleased to be able to support moving them en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. These amendments, en bloc, have been reviewed, both by the majority and the minority, and there is con-sensus on their merit. I urge my col-leagues to support them. Before I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), I would say first that I strongly support his amendment and tried to work with the former FAA Administrator to rectify this issue that led to this extraordinary and unneces-sary loss of life. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on that and his help. I wish the FAA had listened. And I thank Mr. S
HUSTER  and the staffs on both sides of the com-mittee for including this amendment with others that need to be part of this action. It was about 2 years ago that the largest, most deadly crash of a com-mercial balloon in American history occurred just south of Austin, near Lockhart and Maxwell, Texas. It was, in fact, and remains the largest avia-tion disaster of any type in this decade. When that morning, that Saturday morning ended, this was all that was left, along with the bodies of the vic-tims of this. The Federal Aviation Administration had been asked, prior to this incident, by the National Transportation Safety Board, to take a closer look and come up with reasonable regulations for the commercial balloon industry. The FAA failed to do that. Since this accident, the Federal Aviation Administration has been asked, once again, by the Na-tional Transportation Safety Board to act on this matter, and the FAA has again failed. The families of the victims launched a petition on their own to express their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.027 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3669 April 26, 2018 
concern about this. I have joined them, others have joined them, in asking for action, and it is clear that only legisla-tive action by us will address this prob-lem. I am hopeful that, with the passage of this amendment, which is narrow, which is bipartisan, and is directed only to assuring that individuals who are flying these—lifting off in these balloons are medically fit to do so. Had that been in place, I believe that this incident would never have happened. So the grief, the horror, that these families experienced, many of them want to channel it into seeing that no other family faces a similar crisis. This is an incident that had a widespread ef-fect. I talked with the owner of the property where the crash occurred. There was a giant prayer circle around the Caldwell County Courthouse of concern of many people in the county for what happened here. I just want to thank my colleagues for incorporating this amendment in because I think it will help save lives in the future. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to the House FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. I wish to thank the distinguished chairman of the committee, Mr. S
HU-
STER , and the ranking member, Mr. D
EFAZIO, for the opportunity to offer this amendment. My amendment supports our Nation’s more than 5,000 general aviation air-ports by providing a commonsense so-lution to reduce the cost and construc-tion time for critical pavement projects, while maintaining the highest level of safety and quality. Our general aviation airports provide critical access, vital emergency and medical services, economic activity, and many other important services, as vital lifelines, especially in rural areas. However, the cost of building and maintaining runways at general avia-tion airports has become unnecessarily burdensome and costly, due to out-dated pavement specification require-ments that the FAA recognizes can and should be updated. As such, in con-sultation with key industry groups and agencies, I have introduced this amend-ment to address this issue. Among many other things, this re-form will better equip our dedicated network of State aviation officials, air-ports, and other good personnel, work-ing on the front lines in maintaining and improving our Nation’s airports. This amendment will allow them to un-dertake more projects efficiently and safely, with commonsense savings that frees up additional funding for other critical projects. More specifically, after extensive field testing that has provided concrete evidence that States can and have uti-lized alternative pavement mixes, pro-cured more conveniently and cost-ef-fectively from local businesses on crit-ical runway projects to safely maintain our Nation’s runway systems of gen-eral aviation airports. Mr. Chairman, I respectfully urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wis-consin (Ms. M
OORE ). Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 4 to ensure that the FAA is helping busi-nesses that have been historically dis-criminated against when it comes to government contracting. And I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support. Adoption of my amendment is a good start, but much more needs to be done to address discrimination and related barriers that still exist. This includes addressing the exclusion of any Federal DBE participation requirements or goals for Passenger Facility Charge- funded projects. It is critical that we don’t miss the opportunity to address these barriers. I want to remind everyone that bil-lions of dollars of transportation con-tracts are at stake in this reauthoriza-tion. And for businesses that have been historically discriminated against in transportation contracting, they just want a chance to compete for these dollars. In this reauthorization, Congress must continue to ensure that qualified minority and women-owned businesses in every congressional district can fair-ly compete for work. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, my thanks to Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO. I rise today in support of this en bloc package that contains my bipartisan amendment requiring the FAA to study the economic impact of Tem-porary Flight Restrictions on local air-ports and to recommend ways to miti-gate the negative effects, potentially including creating security procedures to allow limited use of certain airports during a TFR. This is about fairness for New Jersey pilots and small businesses. The Presi-dent and the First Family use Trump National Golf Course in Bedminster, New Jersey, in the district I serve, as a weekend residence during the late spring, the summer, and the early fall. During such visits to Bedminster, a TFR is imposed in the area, shuttering Solberg and Somerset airports, and grounding recreational and training flights. The safety of the President and the First Family and the official visitors to Bedminster is, of course, paramount, but TFRs can be very challenging, and I want to find a compromise with the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secret Service so that pilots can be vetted, prescreened, and allowed to fly. This is not a new idea. For some air-ports in Maryland, near Washington, D.C., pilots are permitted limited oper-ation after being properly vetted. I seek the same status for constituents I serve in New Jersey. I thank the chairman for his interest and ask for further help in crafting this policy with the FAA. I further hope to work with him on establishing a tem-porary reimbursement program, as was done for the Maryland airports in the early 2000s. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this legislation. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I urge all my colleagues to support the amendments en bloc, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Chair, last year was the safest on record for commercial air travel, and the United States has one of the safest sys-tems in the world. However, last Tuesday’s emergency landing by Southwest Airlines Flight 1380—and the tragic death of a passenger—Jennifer Rior-dan—is a call to action when it comes to as-suring airline and passenger safety. Tuesday’s incident on Southwest Flight 1380 was caused when the aircraft’s left en-gine suddenly exploded mid-flight. Metal weakness or ‘‘metal fatigue’’ was found in the left jet engine that failed during the flight of Southwest 1380. This issue is one of the reasons I have in-troduced an amendment to H.R. 4, the Fed-eral Aviation Reauthorization Act. The FAA needs to understand the full scope of any and all dangers connected to metal fa-tigue. My amendment instructs the FAA Adminis-trator to produce a report on airline and pas-senger safety within 180 days of House pas-sage. More specifically, my amendment instructs the FAA to study the issue of metal fatigue as well as the age and over-all use of U.S. com-mercial aircraft. Additionally, Mr. Chairman, I imagine many in this room have seen the 60 Minutes report on Allegiant Air. The report exposed numerous safety prob-lems at Allegiant Air, a low-cost carrier that is more than three times as likely to have in- flight mechanical emergencies than any other major airline. I’m deeply concerned about the issues at Allegiant. I also worry about reports that the FAA has shied away from punishing airlines that cut corners with regards to passenger safety. That’s just flat-out unacceptable. Finally, Congress needs to be concerned about the practice of offshoring U.S. aircraft maintenance to foreign repair stations. Today, approximately 24 percent of total heavy aircraft maintenance is offshored to re-pair facilities in other countries, more than tri-ple the share offshored in 2003. This offshoring has cost hardworking Ameri-cans thousands of aircraft maintenance jobs. This practice has also raised real concerns regarding the level of U.S. oversight on offshored maintenance work. Safety and security regulatory gaps persist, creating a double standard for domestic main-tenance workers and workers overseas. A dangerous double standard that could re-sult in an airline—passenger tragedy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.083 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3670 April 26, 2018 
That’s why my amendment also instructs the FAA to review policies regarding mainte-nance performed by contractors. Overall, our mission is simple, clear and all- important: To empower the FAA to root out any prob-lems in the hopes of preventing any further tragedies. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 67 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. NATIONAL CAPITAL REGION HELI-COPTER FLIGHT PATHS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With respect to the Na-tional Capital Region, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall review and revise helicopter flight paths, in-cluding those used by the Department of De-fense and all military helicopters, identi-fying and issuing new official paths for areas in which helicopters may be able to fly at higher altitudes. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the review and revision under subsection (a), the Administrator must consider— (1) residents living below the flight paths; (2) national security and emergency flight paths, which shall only be used in cases of emergency; and (3) fixed-wing plane flight paths. (c) D
EFINITION OF NATIONAL CAPITAL RE-
GION.—In this section, the term ‘‘National Capital Region’’ means— (1) the District of Columbia; (2) Prince Georges and Montgomery Coun-ties in Maryland; (3) Arlington, Fairfax, Loudoun, and Prince William Counties in Virginia; and (4) all cities and towns included within the outer boundaries of the foregoing counties. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I consist-ently hear a great deal from my con-stituents about pervasive, intrusive helicopter noise. I have carefully lis-tened to them for years, through com-munity forums, townhalls, letters, emails, phone calls, and the like. I have also worked with both the FAA and the Department of Defense on possible so-lutions. We certainly have a difficult balance to strike in the National Capital Re-gion, but people shouldn’t have to live under the constant thunder of heli-copter noise. Helicopter noise, by all accounts, has gotten significantly worse year after year after year. Even those who are neighbors with the Pen-tagon have noticed it has gotten much worse. b1530 Last year, I had an amendment to the NDAA for the Department of De-fense to conduct a study on mitigating the helicopter noise. We had excellent conversations. Colonels and majors came out from the Air Force, the Army, the Marines, and the FAA came out. We had big townhall meetings. In those conversations, we moved forward with a now completed DOD noise study. The Department of Defense has re-peatedly informed me that they follow the FAA helicopter maps perfectly and that they fly at the required minimum altitudes. So as a solution, my amend-ment would require the FAA to simply review all the helicopter flight paths in the national capital region, including those used solely by the Department of Defense, to assess whether some of these helicopter trips could be safely flown at a higher altitude. If they can be, the amendment would also require the FAA to revise the official heli-copter flight maps for this region to allow some relief for those commu-nities that live below. Progress has remained very slow on this issue—glacial—and I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amend-ment so that we can move forward with a responsible way to mitigate this heli-copter noise. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. This amendment would interfere with national security, homeland secu-rity, and law enforcement operations. As home to the Nation’s Capital, the area serves a critical role for the coun-try as home to the Federal Govern-ment. Each day, military pilots and other agencies use helicopters to con-duct vital missions as part of our na-tional defense and the operations of government. These agencies include the DOD, the Coast Guard, Park Po-lice, Capitol Police, and other agencies. The missions they fly cannot be accom-plished by any other means and are es-sential to our Nation’s protection. This amendment would add com-plexity to the airspace and could affect the safety of our servicemembers and law enforcement and affect the effi-ciency of the airspace. Mr. Chairman, I understand the gen-tleman’s concerns, and I hope we can find some way to address them, but I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, with great respect to the chairman of the committee, the many conversations I have had with the general who runs the Washington Military District, with the Air Force and Army colonels, with the Marine major, and with many of the helicopter pilots, none of them have suggested for a moment that national security, homeland security, or law en-forcement were at risk here. In fact, the pilots said: We would be happy to fly higher as long as we have permis-sion from the FAA. We are not interfering in the slight-est with their ability to accomplish their mission. We understand their mission. We respect it. No one is saying that we can’t pro-tect not only our Nation’s top execu-tives, but also the military officers who need to fly in and around this re-gion. What we are simply saying is that, in many cases, 300 feet, 500 feet, 700 feet is a more logical place to fly. We have had testimony that people have been in apartment buildings in Crystal City, looked out their window, and seen the helicopters fly below their window. This happens in Rosslyn, also. What we are simply asking is that the FAA responsibly look at whether— with lots of feedback from the Army, Air Force, Marines, from law enforce-ment, from the Secret Service—they couldn’t, in fact, fly a few hundred feet higher than they fly right now. If they can’t, we will accept that and do our best to move some other way. But, really, this is at the recommendation of our military leaders that the FAA examine this and find a way to move forward. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
NEBRASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 68 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. GAO STUDY ON AVIATION WORKFORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall initiate a study, based on previous studies, that looks at the current and future supply of individuals in the aviation work-force. (b) R
EVIEW .—In carrying out the study, the Comptroller General shall review, at a min-imum— (1) the current state of the aviation work-force; (2) barriers to entry into the aviation workforce; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.031 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3671 April 26, 2018 
(3) options to increase the future supply of individuals in the aviation workforce. (c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study, including any find-ings and recommendations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, which would direct the Comptroller General to study the current and future availability of pi-lots in the aviation workforce. Since the implementation of new pilot training requirements for first of-ficers in 2013, two airlines which pro-vided air service to my congressional district have filed for bankruptcy, cit-ing the inability to find pilots as a pri-mary factor in their financial strug-gles. Even before withdrawing from Ne-braska, both airlines had poor flight cancellation records, which they indi-cated was caused by this issue, severely reducing enplanements at these air-ports. In rural areas like Nebraska’s Third District, commercial air service pro-vides a vital economic link for commu-nities which are several hours’ drive from the nearest major airport. In an effort to further address the concerns of the seven communities with passenger air service in my dis-trict and numerous others around the country, this amendment merely asks GAO to study what the current state of the aviation workforce is, where it is going in the future, and what, if any-thing, we can do to mitigate pilot shortages. We must do more to address these communities’ concerns, and this study will provide valuable informa-tion as we seek to address this prob-lem. Beyond the direct economic impact on these communities from the loss of these flights, these cancellations have also caused overall enplanements at airports such as Kearney, North Platte, and Scottsbluff, Nebraska, and other airports in a number of other States, to fall below the minimum 10,000 required to qualify for full Airport Improvement Program funding. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member for moving my other amendment en bloc to provide regulatory relief to airports by treating them consistently with how they have been treated previously. Again, I urge support of this amend-ment we are currently debating, which will direct GAO to study our current and future aviation workforce needs, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nebraska. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Nebraska. This amendment would require the Comptroller General to conduct a study on the current and future supply of individuals for the U.S. aviation workforce. The study would review the current state of our aviation workforce as well as barriers to entry. A strong and robust aviation work-force will ensure the U.S. remains the global leader and innovator in civil aviation; therefore, I support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I agree with the rank-ing member, Mr. L
ARSEN . This amend-ment requesting the GAO study makes a lot of sense to me. The outlook of the future supply of individuals in the workforce, we know there are some shortages out there. This report will inform us about the current aviation workforce and needed actions to ensure we do have an adequate supply of work-ers in the future. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his leadership and thank him for of-fering this amendment, and I urge all Members to support it. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair-man, again, this amendment just asks the Comptroller General to assess our current situation for aviation and pilot needs. Canceled flights have been a major problem for communities with the smaller airlines, and certainly we want to prevent something in a similar manner from impacting the larger air-ports around the country as well. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support, and I urge others to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
MINNESOTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. METROPOLITAN PLANNING ORGANIZA-TIONS. 
Section 134(d)(4) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Nothing’’ and inserting ‘‘Except with respect to a metro-politan planning organization whose struc-ture consists of no local elected officials, nothing’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, since 1991, Federal law has stated that metropolitan planning organiza-tions around the country should have local elected officials on their boards. In 2012, Congress passed MAP–21 and included a clause stating that these MPOs that were not in compliance had 2 years to conform. Now, in the previous administration, there was a Federal clause that was used to grandfather the Twin Cities— Minneapolis-St. Paul—Metropolitan Council into compliance without hav-ing elected officials. So we now have, in the Minneapolis-St. Paul region, the only board in the country that is en-tirely nonelected, the only MPO that has the authority to independently raise taxes and is not elected. Indeed, in Minneapolis-St. Paul, our metropolitan planning organization has a budget that dwarfs all the others in the country. In fact, it is larger than Houston; Dallas; Atlanta; Los Angeles; Phoenix; Seattle; Washington, D.C.; San Francisco; Boston; Philadelphia; Denver; Miami; Tampa; and Chicago combined. Now, why does an entity of this mag-nitude not require local elected offi-cials? Now, I know some defending the sta-tus quo are now making misleading claims about this amendment, about our efforts here in Congress. First, the Met Council does perform transportation work, and their trans-portation advisory board does include elected officials. But the Federal High-way Administration and FTA ruled in 2015 that the TAB is an advisory body to the council; it is not the MPO. Even the previous administration, the Obama administration, disagreed with the Met Council’s assertion that the TAB would be equivalent to a local elected official. Second, the defenders of the status quo are asserting that total chaos will ensue if this amendment passes. It will be a complete mess. Every other MPO was either formed in compliance with elected officials, or local elected offi-cials on its board, or it came into com-pliance with this Federal law, and none gained widespread attention for chaos. The defenders of the status quo, in-cluding the current council and even the Governor of the State, now assert that, well, this is too uncertain, that chaos would ensue. I would argue that having a 17-member board entirely ap-pointed by the Governor is uncer-tainty. Uncertainty is a board that changes course every time there is a new election in the Governor’s man-sion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.033 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3672 April 26, 2018 
Finally, the critics of my amendment have begun stirring up the masses by saying this singlehandedly stops Fed-eral funding for any transportation project in the area, even up to $2 bil-lion by 2021. But in the past, when other MPOs have come into compli-ance, it hasn’t had this effect. It sim-ply hasn’t happened. Besides, the con-gressional intent is that any MPO whose structure changes in order to ad-here to Federal law will be given a transition period, a very generous one. The point is this amendment does not put in jeopardy any current or fu-ture Federal investments and grants. In fact, my colleagues and I from Min-nesota have been working with the DOD to make certain our region gets the Federal support we need. But it is vital, and it has been vital for years in our region, that we determine our own governance structure, that the local elected officials have a say. If the Twin Cities Metropolitan Council thinks it would take too large an effort to find common ground in order to pursue an MPO that has elect-ed officials, then that is the best indi-cation that there is a serious problem with the status quo. Mr. Chairman, it is time to give citi-zens power over their regional govern-ment. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, I understand the con-cerns that he has with his local MPO. We all face our own challenges with local MPOs, but they are an important decisionmaking body that ensures local governments can take full advantage of Federal transportation programs in a coordinated manner. This amendment is attempting to break apart the operating structure of a local MPO, seemingly to punish it. It does not achieve the outcome the gen-tleman is hoping to achieve except to create government dysfunction. I would also note that some fre-quently argue that local decisions should be made by local decision-makers. They say, ‘‘Keep the Federal Government out of our business,’’ ex-cept this amendment declares, if the decisions are not made to the liking of one Federal official, he can step in and blow up that local decisionmaking body. b1545 Mr. Chairman, I am urging my col-leagues, therefore, to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. L
EWIS and I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. The Met-ropolitan Planning Organizations were created to ensure that local officials drive the decisions about how Federal and highway transit funds are spent. Unfortunately, for the gentleman’s dis-trict, a loophole in the law undermines elected officials. This amendment ensures the struc-ture of MPOs can consist of locally elected officials. This is a fair and com-monsense amendment, so I urge all Members to support this amendment. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I would note that of all of the op-position in this body, they are already in compliance with what I am pro-posing for the Metropolitan Council. So, clearly, it didn’t induce chaos, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, we have no other speakers, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 78 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title V of the bill, the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 5ll. INTERLINING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Trans-portation shall issue a final rule requiring an air carrier to seek, in the event of a delay ex-ceeding 3 hours, cancellation, or misconnection as a result of circumstances or an event within an air carrier’s control, as determined by the Secretary of Transpor-tation, alternative transportation for dis-placed passengers, including aboard another air carrier capable of transporting the pas-senger to his or her originally scheduled des-tination, and to accept, for a reasonable fee, the passengers of another air carrier who have been displaced by circumstances or an event within that air carriers control, as de-termined by the Secretary of Transpor-tation, or if the passenger has been involun-tarily denied boarding due to a lack of avail-able seats. 
SEC. 5ll. IMPROVED ACCOMMODATION OF DIS-PLACED PASSENGERS. 
Not later than 1 year after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall modify part 259 of title 14, Code of Fed-eral Regulations to include the following: (1) A
DOPTION OF PLAN .—Each covered car-rier shall adopt a contingency plan for lengthy terminal delays for its scheduled flights at each large hub airport, medium hub airport, small hub airport and non-hub airport in the United States at which it oper-ates or markets such air transportation serv-ice and shall adhere to its plan’s terms. (2) C
ONTENTS OF PLAN .—Each contingency plan for any delay, cancellation, or misconnection, affecting a passenger who has been involuntarily denied boarding as a result of circumstances or an event within an air carrier’s control, as determined by the Administration of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration (except in the case in which the flight crew determines that a passenger poses a danger to the safety of the flight), shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) ESSENTIAL NEEDS .—An air carrier shall ensure that essential needs, including food, water, restroom facilities, and assistance in the case of a medical emergency are met. If the only available seating on the carrier’s next flight to the passenger’s destination is a higher class of service than purchased, the carrier shall transport the passenger on the flight at no additional cost. (B) M
EAL VOUCHER .—In the case of a delay exceeding 4 hours, the air carrier shall pro-vide a meal voucher or, if at the request of the passenger, cash equivalent to the value of a meal voucher. An air carrier shall not be liable to reimburse the passenger for ex-penses related to meals if the passenger did not accepted such compensation when of-fered. (C) L
ODGING , TRANSPORTATION , AND OTHER  
VOUCHERS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a delay, can-cellation, or misconnection as a result of cir-cumstances or an event within an air car-rier’s control, as determined by the Sec-retary of Transportation, of which any por-tion exceeding 2 hours occurs between the period of time between 10 p.m. and 3 a.m., local time, of the following day, and with no guarantee of reaccommodation aboard an-other flight to the passenger’s destination within the following 2 hours after the initial 2-hour delay, an air carrier shall provide the passenger with lodging, transportation to and from the airport to the place of lodging, and meal expenses. At the request of the pas-senger, the carrier shall alternatively com-pensate such passenger with the cash equiva-lent to the value of the lodging, meals, and transportation, or a voucher of equivalent value for future travel on the carrier. (ii) L
ODGING UNAVAILABLE .—If lodging is unavailable, an carrier shall compensate a passenger with the cash equivalent to the value of the lodging, meals, and transpor-tation, or, at the request of the passenger, a voucher of equivalent value for future travel on the carrier. (iii) P
ROXIMITY TO RESIDENCE .—The provi-sions of clauses (i) and (ii) shall not apply to a passenger whose permanent residence is 60 miles or less from the airport where such delay, cancellation, or misconnection oc-curred. (iv) F
AILURE TO ACCEPT INITIAL COMPENSA -
TION.—An air carrier shall not be liable to re-imburse the passenger for expenses related to meals if the passenger did not accept such compensation when offered. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, while we have had some good news that airlines have im-proved their performance on various metrics in the past year, passengers continue to suffer frustrations. According to the Bureau of Transpor-tation Statistics, in 2017, 285,000 flights were delayed due to circumstances within the airlines’ control. And last year, even though bumpings were down, over 23,000 were involuntarily de-nied boarding. When passengers are significantly de-layed as a result of an event within the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.091 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3673 April 26, 2018 
airlines’ control, it only makes sense that airlines be required to accommo-date them better. But in a competitive climate where passengers’ expectation of service quality has declined signifi-cantly, the airlines won’t make these passenger-friendly changes, and that is why we need this commonsense amend-ment. My amendment will require airlines to place a passenger who is delayed more than 3 hours onto another car-rier, if that would be the quickest way to get the passenger to their destina-tion. This would apply only to delays caused by an event within an air car-rier’s control, as defined by the Sec-retary of Transportation. In order to make this easier for the airlines, it will require all carriers to accept such rebookings for a reason-able fee. At one time, this was a com-mon practice. Some airlines still have these agreements—called interline agreements—with other airlines. And some have, in the past year, created new interline agreements. But many airlines still fall short and some re-quire passengers to ask for this treat-ment in order to receive it. This amendment also requires air-lines to ensure that passengers have access to essential needs, such as med-ical care and restrooms, no matter when or where a delay occurs. It re-quires meal vouchers to be given in the event of delays longer than 4 hours, and it requires hotel accommodations during lengthy overnight delays that occur between 10 p.m. and 3 a.m. These measures would go a long way to improving airline passenger protec-tions. In order to make sure that this is done in the best possible manner, the Secretary of Transportation will en-gage in a rulemaking process, giving the airlines and the flying public an op-portunity to have input. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, the amendment is a re-regulation of the airlines that was soundly defeated in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. It would force airlines to interline, which refers to agreements among airlines to carry each other’s passengers. Most airlines already have interline agreements with other air-lines, and the freedom to do so is im-portant to preserve. Forcing all airlines unwilling into such deals will have unintended con-sequences. Customers will be punished and forced to bear the burden of the service fares of other airlines. The problems caused by this amendment would be most acute in smaller com-munities that have few flights per day. H.R. 4 includes provisions requiring air carriers to prominently disclose to passengers what services will be offered in the event of widespread disruption. The underlying bill contains a number of other consumer protections that are widely supported by stakeholders and Members alike. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue, but I urge my colleagues to oppose this amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. L
AR-
SEN). Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois. There is no doubt that time and time again, the airlines have a lot of work to do in the realm of cus-tomer service. With little competition in the U.S. airline industry, airlines are no longer required to compete on the quality of services they provide to consumers, yet, the industry has be-come the world’s most profitable due in large part to countless ancillary fees they charge passengers. I believe certainly that more must be done to restore basic rights and fair-ness in air travel. However, the amend-ment, as drafted, does take a one-size- fits-all approach to customer service that may not be appropriate for every situation. Before legislating prescriptive re-quirements for the airlines when pas-sengers are displaced, I think the com-mittee should hold additional hearings and study these issues more thor-oughly. I hope we can agree on that. A recent lesson learned was with the Department of Transportation tarmac delay rule, a rule with great intentions that had several unintended con-sequences, such as passengers becom-ing stranded overnight at diversion air-ports hundreds of miles from their des-tination. Congress had to mitigate some of these issues in the 2016 FAA extension. When we are proscriptive on the cus-tomer service front, we have to be sure we are getting it right. But I do want to thank Mr. L
IPINSKI for offering this amendment. I hope he will continue to work with the committee to perfect it, but I stand in opposition to it. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ranking Member L
ARSEN for his comments. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER  for his work on this bill. There are many good provisions in this bill, one that has to do with disclosure. But it still does not give the flying public enough protection. That is why we need this amendment. This amendment has been endorsed by the Consumers Union, Travelers United, the Consumer Federation of America, and Flyers Rights. We expect when we buy a ticket on an airline that we will get that as quickly as possible. Glitches occur, but if it is something that is in the control of the airline, I think we should expect to be put on another airline to get to our destination as quickly as possible. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 79 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. 5ll. FEDERAL AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 14501(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘para-graphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (4)’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6) respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State, political sub-division of a State, or political authority of 2 or more States may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provision having the force and effect of law prohibiting em-ployees whose hours of service are subject to regulation by the Secretary under section 31502 from working to the full extent per-mitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or imposing any additional ob-ligations on motor carriers if such employ-ees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such section, including any related activities regulated under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(B) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit the provisions of paragraph (1).’’; (4) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated) by striking ‘‘Paragraph (1)—’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (2)—’’; and (5) in paragraph (4)(A) (as redesignated) by striking ‘‘Paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall have the force and effect as if enacted on the date of enactment of the Federal Aviation Administration Au-thorization Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–305). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, real quickly, let me just explain what the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.094 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3674 April 26, 2018 
F4A Denham amendment does. This clarifies the intent of the 1994 FAA bill; thus, how it got its name, the F4A. It created one Federal regulatory standard for meal and rest breaks or hours of service for interstate freight and passenger motor carriers. This was originally in the FAA bill of 1994. It also included piece rate. Now, we have passed this issue sev-eral times from the House over to the Senate—a very good bipartisan bill— but while we have had great bipartisan-ship in the past, to get greater biparti-sanship, and to work with labor, we ac-tually took out the piece rate issue. Now, this bill only deals with meal and rest—the same as that piece of it that was in 1994 where Congress, where this body actually reported out saying: ‘‘State economic regulation of motor carrier operations causes significant inefficiencies, increased costs, reduc-tion of competition, inhibition of inno-vation and technology, and curtails the expansion of markets.’’ This is about interstate commerce, making sure that you can drive a truck transporting goods from one State to another without having challenges going from a patchwork of States across the entire country. We want these professional drivers to be safe, meaning if you get tired, take a break. What we don’t want to do is say, at 2 hours, you need to pull over immediately—on the bridge, on the highway, wherever you are at, creating an unsafe condition. Stop at the rest stop. Stop at the truck stop. Stop when it is convenient, when it is safe, and when you are tired. We want to give these professional drivers flexibility in interstate com-merce. That was in 1994. That was the law of the land until the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit recon-vened and changed some of these motor carrier laws. The amendment and the Federal Standard only apply to inter-state. What you do in your own State is up to your State. But interstate, going across State lines, which the Constitution enumer-ated to the Federal Government in Ar-ticle I, section 8, clause 3 of the Com-merce Clause. Interstate hours of serv-ice regulations would continue to be regulated by the States. But this has already been proven by the U.S. De-partment of Transportation who wrote the rule that this is the safest way for interstate commerce. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding. I rise today in support of this amend-ment offered by Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. C
UELLAR , and myself. Trucking compa-nies and truck drivers are the back-bone of our Nation in terms of trans-portation, and certainly, much of the San Joaquin Valley that I represent. Agricultural products, fruits, nuts, and vegetables that are put on Ameri-can’s dinner tables every night are grown in the San Joaquin Valley, and they provide an important part of our sustenance. Many of these truckers have one or two trucks, and they are literally small-business people. Sadly, because of the recent court decisions that were noted by the author of this amend-ment, these companies that operate across State lines have been exposed to unfair litigation that have been costly, and I know of cases where major motor carriers have gone out of business be-cause of this. The amendment would clarify that when operating across State lines, meals and rest break requirements will be governed by Federal law, not a patchwork of conflicting State laws. That just makes good common sense. This is consistent with action taken by the Congress—as was noted—in 1994, to provide uniform rules across the coun-try for safety purposes. Some of my colleagues have claimed time in opposition saying this amend-ment would overturn protections like minimum wage and vacation. This amendment in no way impacts min-imum wage or vacation, or those issues that have been raised in this fashion. It is simply not true. This amendment, I believe, is prosafety, proworker, and proeconomy. The fact is, we have been dealing with this issue for a number of years, and it is time that we finally avoid the confu-sion and strengthen this measure out. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self 2 minutes. Mr. Chair, I offered a narrow fix for this in what was true interstate com-merce because of the potential confu-sion between Federal hours of service and State hours of service, and that was rejected. b1600 This is an incredibly broad preemp-tion. It is not as stated. For instance, we just heard you have to pull over, no matter where you are. No. If you don’t take your rest break, you have to be paid, but you don’t have to stop and pull over. Beyond that, this would preempt paid rest breaks, paid meal breaks, paid sick leave, paid family leave, payment for time detained at a loading dock, payment for anything other than a flat rate by the load. This is an extraordinary preemption that we have here. The drivers are al-ready exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act. So they can’t get over-time. If we wipe out the State laws and there is no existing Federal law, truck drivers are really getting it stuck to them here. In fact, this amendment would ex-pand Federal preemption over trucking operations to include, for the first time, wages and working conditions, something Congress never con-templated in 1994. It is opposed by the Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association, the largest trucking organization; the Teamsters; American Association for Justice; and numerous safety groups. This is not as it is being presented. This is overly broad, and it should be opposed. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ). Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the Denham amendment, which would overturn a Federal court decision that determined that California meal and rest break laws apply to truckers. On July 4, 2014, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that trucking operators in California must allow for 30-minute meal breaks after 5 hours of work and a 10-minute rest break after 4 hours worked. This meal and rest break is very reasonable, when you consider that truck drivers can be sub-ject to 14 hours of on-duty time. This amendment would not only pre-empt California’s law, but would also preempt laws in 21 other States and territories that guarantee meal and rest breaks. This amendment is further harmful as it includes broad preemption lan-guage, as Mr. D
EFAZIO stated, that would prohibit State and local govern-ments from enacting laws that ‘‘impose any additional obligation on motor carriers.’’ This preemption would at-tack State minimum wage laws, sick leave laws, family leave laws, and other laws that protect truck drivers’ pay and benefits. Mr. Chairman, States should be al-lowed to set these important standards for truck driver working conditions as they see fit for the health and safety of their workers and for our citizens. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to oppose the Denham amendment, and I include in the R
ECORD letters of opposi-tion from the Teamsters, American As-sociation for Justice, Truck Safety Co-alition and others, and the National Employment Law Project. 
TEAMSTERS LETTER OPPOSING DENHAM  A
MENDMENT REGARDING TRUCK DRIVER  W
AGE AND BENEFIT LAWS This week, the US House of Representa-tives will consider legislation to reauthorize funding for the Federal Aviation Administra-tion (FAA). The trucking industry is trying to hijack that bill. They want to insert language which takes away almost any protection truck drivers are granted under state law. This includes destroying the right to paid sick leave, paid vacations, FMLA, state guarantees of a lunch or rest break during a shift, and worse. The language states the following: ‘‘A State, political sub-division of a State or political authority of 2 or more States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.096 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3675 April 26, 2018 
may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provision having the force and effect of law prohibiting-employees whose hours of service are subject to regulation by the Sec-retary under section 31502 from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or imposing any additional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such sec-tion, including any related activities regu-lated, under part 395 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations.’’ Say you’re a trucking company who doesn’t want a driver taking a few hours off for a doctor’s appointment this week. Now you’re in luck! Under this provision, the driver isn’t working to the ‘‘full extent per-mitted’’ under the minimal federal rules, so they lose any state protections guaranteeing them the right to go to the doctor! What happens if that driver needs to take extended state-protected FMLA? Taking time off under state FMLA laws would mean that driver is not working to the ‘‘full ex-tent’’ they otherwise could be under the fed-eral rules, so it’s not allowed! What if a state decides that a truck driver should get paid while they wait in line for hours on end to drop off their load? Well, that’s an additional obligation being put on the employer, and that won’t be allowed ei-ther! The House must not include this anti-safe-ty, anti-worker provision in the FAA bill. This provision would overturn any state’s law that goes above the bare minimum fed-eral rules for truck drivers. No state could demand that drivers need to get paid for non- driving time or take action against compa-nies who misclassify their drivers as inde-pendent contractors. Any state laws that raise wages or protect the working condi-tions of drivers would immediately be over-turned. It refers to these state laws as ‘‘addi-tional burdens’’ being placed on motor car-riers and says that they need to be done away with. States couldn’t even give drivers time off to go vote! What’s worse, all these changes are made retroactive to 1994. All of the progress states have made over the past two decades would evaporate overnight. Truck crashes are up 45% from 2009. Inju-ries are up 57%, and deaths from those crash-es are also up 28%. Now is not the time to push drivers even further by taking away protections that make sure they are well- rested and alert. We urge you to OPPOSE the Denham amendment (amendment #140 as filed with the rules committee) if it comes up on the floor during consideration of the FAA bill H.R. 4. Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. Sincerely, S
AMUEL P. L OESCHE , Legislative Representative, International Brotherhood of Teamsters. 
[From the American Association for Justice] P
ROTECT TRUCK DRIVERS AND HIGHWAY SAFE-
TY: OPPOSE PREEMPTION OF STATE PROTEC -
TIONS IN THE FAA R EAUTHORIZATION  AAJ strongly opposes the Denham amend-ment to H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. This amendment preempts state and local labor regulations, laws, and court decisions, many of which have been on the books for decades, protecting commercial truck drivers. What was originally offered to just preempt state labor protections, com-monly known as the ‘‘meal and rest break’’ protections, morphed into something much broader and much worse in that it now pre-empts ANY ‘‘additional obligation on motor carriers.’’ Therefore, this amendment will provide for a sweeping exemption for com-mercial trucking drivers from being covered by all state and local wage and hour laws, in-cluding, but not limited to meal and rest break laws, paid sick leave, minimum wage, sick pay, jury duty, disability and medical leave, and even worker’s compensation laws. The Denham amendment would deny truck drivers, including many who exclusively work only within their home state, from state protections. Included in these protec-tions is meal and rest break laws that allow truckers to take a lunch break and/or a rest break after driving on the road for a certain number of hours. In most cases, these breaks are no more than a ten-minute rest or a half hour lunch and often only occur when an em-ployee works a full day, still allowing the employer the flexibility to determine when and how they are taken. Meal and rest break protections are espe-cially important for highway safety. Com-mercial truck drivers are a class of workers whose fatigue has been a consistent and proven cause of highway injuries and deaths. Commercial truck drivers often operate trucks exceeding 26,000 pounds and typically work up to 14 hours a day, which puts other drivers and pedestrians at serious risk of in-jury or death. In fact, nearly 4,000 people die in large truck crashes each year, with driver fatigue being the leading cause. Protecting highway safety should be a top priority of Congress. Oppose the Denham Amendment. By preempting state laws that protect workers, this amendment should be opposed because of the following: The Denham amendment provides a sweep-ing exemption for motor carrier drivers from being covered by State and local wage and hour laws, including meal and rest break laws, paid sick leave, minimum wage, sick leave, jury duty, disability and medical leave, and even worker’s compensation laws. It should be noted that the Federal govern-ment has NO policy on many of these protec-tions including sick leave, paternity leave, or family leave meaning, that if these work-ers are exempt from coverage under State law, and there is no Federal law, they are left without any protections. In addition, the amendment prohibits any additional obliga-tions on motor carrier employers—which gives these employers a blank check to con-tinue the current unsustainable models of driver compensation and also pre-emptively stops any future reforms to improve driver wages and working conditions at the State and local level. This is a clear violation of states’ rights. This amendment would eliminate each state’s ability to protect their workers and citizens, an area which has historically been recognized as part of a state’s police powers. Under the 10th amendment, there has always been a presumption against preemption of state laws that protect the welfare, safety and health of the public, including a state’s labor laws. If this amendment is adopted, Congress would be overturning hundreds of state laws that have provided its workers, including truck drivers, with employee pro-tections they need to carry out their work in a safe and productive manner. Congress has rejected numerous attempts to preempt similar state meal and rest pro-tections in the past, repeatedly declining to overturn the ability of states to govern the work and safety conditions of their workers in this area. In addition, the Department of Transportation also opposed meal and rest break preemption in 2014, arguing that ‘‘there is a presumption against preemption in areas of traditional State ‘police powers’ or control, and that labor laws are a clear area of traditional State control. Currently, twenty states have versions of these types of protections on the books which would imme-diately be wiped out by this amendment, in-cluding laws in CA, CO, CT, DE, IL, KY, ME, MA, MN, NE, NV, NH, NY, ND, OR, RI, TN, VT, WA, and WV. If preempting meal and rest break laws in twenty states was not bad enough, the new Denham amendment is broader, preempting state employment and labor laws in ALL 50 States. Some of the state laws that would be impacted by this overly broad amendment are: minimum wage, sick pay, jury duty, dis-ability, medical leave and even worker’s compensation laws. If this Denham amend-ment passes, truck drivers, who frequently avail themselves of worker’s compensation benefits based on the precarious nature of their job, will no longer be covered by their state worker’s compensation laws. This is an atrocious and unfair attack on one class of workers. Under Federal law there is no available remedy to a worker if a trucking company chooses to break the law and refuse a worker to take a meal or rest break. State laws, on the other hand, like the one in California, impose a monetary fine on the employer equal to one hour’s pay if the employer vio-lates the law. Therefore, if this amendment is adopted there will be no remedy and thus no incentive for trucking companies to allow drivers to take breaks, creating a serious public and highway safety issue. It should be noted that these breaks are not mandatory and are instead at the discretion of the indi-vidual driver. By eliminating the incentive for trucking companies to follow the law and allow their truckers to take breaks, this amendment would result in a greater likelihood of crash-es due to fatigue. Nearly 4,000 people die in large truck crashes each year and driver fa-tigue is the leading cause. This amendment not only harms the safety of commercial truck drivers, but the motoring public and pedestrians at large. The amendment would also overturn state laws that require workers to be paid for all hours worked at the agreed upon minimum rate. Instead, companies would be allowed to only pay drivers for the time they spend driving, despite the fact that drivers are re-quired to spend a great deal of time per-forming non-driving duties in the fulfillment of their employment such as pre and post trip inspections, maintenance and loading and unloading. The amendment would preempt state law that limits the number of hours a regulated driver may work including state disability discrimination and workers’ compensation provisions where an employer has discretion to return a driver to work with limited work hours following an accident or illness. More-over, the amendment would eliminate the right to take any leave under state versions of the Family and Medical Leave Act or allow reasonable accommodation to provide an employee time off of work for prayer or religious practice under state religious dis-crimination laws. The amendment applies retroactively: If wiping out worker and truck drivers’ exist-ing rights weren’t bad enough, this amend-ment applies retroactively and would there-fore wipe out lawsuits, settlements, and judgments won by truck drivers for employer violations going back to 1994. That’s 23 years of jurisprudence and judgments that held trucking companies accountable for break-ing the law and violating their employees’ rights. The retroactivity provision is an af-front to states’ rights and state courts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.050 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3676 April 26, 2018 
APRIL 18, 2018. Re Preemption of State Rights in FAA Reau-thorization. Hon. M
EMBERS OF THE HOUSE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : On behalf of the undersigned organizations, we write to remind you of our continued opposition to the inclusion of any language in the FAA re-authorization bill that would preempt state regulations that protect commercial drivers. These essential, longstanding laws were spe-cifically designed to reduce worker fatigue and to protect workers and the public from workplace crashes, injuries, and deaths. As you know, previous Congresses have re-jected such preemption language, commonly known as the ‘‘meal and rest break’’ provi-sion, time after time because it would over-turn the ability of states to govern the work-ing conditions of their truck drivers. This amendment would deny truck drivers, in-cluding many who never leave that state, from taking the lunch break and/or a rest break which they are granted under state law. In most cases, these breaks are no more than a ten-minute rest break or a half hour break for lunch. They often only occur when an employee works a full day and the em-ployer typically retains flexibility to deter-mine the manner in which their employees take these breaks. Twenty states have versions of these laws on the books which would immediately be upended, including laws in CA, CO, CT, DE, IL, KY, ME, MA, MN, NE, NV, NH, NY, ND, OR, RI, TN, VT, WA, and WV. In addition to being bad policy, Congress has not had a single public hearing on this issue or any meaningful discussion and anal-ysis of its merits. This fundamental change to surface transportation policy clearly falls within the jurisdiction of a surface transpor-tation bill, and yet it was rejected during the last highway bill. It has no place in any leg-islation reauthorizing of the FAA. We urge you to continue to reject any lan-guage overturning basic state protections for truck drivers as you consider FAA reauthor-ization legislation. We greatly appreciate your support for protecting American work-ers and look forward to working with you to safeguard these important state laws. Sincerely, The International Brotherhood of Team-sters; American Association for Justice; Owner-Operator Independent Drivers As-sociation; Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety; Truck Safety Coalition; Road Safe America; Parents Against Tired Truckers; Citizens for Reliable and Safe Highways; Center for Auto Safety; Consumer Federation of America; Federal Law Enforcement Officers Asso-ciation; SMART–TD (UTU); KidsAndCars.org; Trauma Foundation. 
NATIONAL EMPLOYMENT LAWPROJECT  Vote ‘‘NO’’ on Denham Amendment to H.R. 4 Congressman Denham has introduced an amendment to the Federal Aviation Admin-istrative Authorization Act, (FAAAA) that would prohibit states from enacting or en-forcing any law or regulation that imposes on interstate motor carriers any obligation beyond that covered in the so-called ‘‘hours of service’’ regulations under federal law. The amendment provides that ‘‘A State, political sub-division of a State, or political authority of 2 or more States may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other provi-sion having the force and effect of law pro-hibiting employees whose hours of service are subject to regulation by the Secretary under section 31502 from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as per-mitted under such section, or imposing any additional obligations on motor carriers. . . .’’ While the amendment specifically overrules state rest and meal breaks provi-sions, its broad language would reach even farther and deny truck drivers the protec-tions of a wide range of state and local labor standards that have protected them for dec-ades. The bill represents an enormous overreach by the federal government and overrules dec-ades of court precedents confirming that truck drivers are entitled to basic minimum and prevailing wages, paid sick days, and to be properly classified as employees. It would carve truck drivers out of traditional work-place protections like unemployment com-pensation and workers’ compensation as well as more recent standards that states and lo-calities, have seen fit to afford their resi-dents. This big government overreach is the lat-est phase of the corporate ‘‘preemption’’ strategy, backed by industry front groups like ALEC and conservative donors like the Koch Brothers, that seeks to go over the heads of state and local governments to roll back a wide range of broadly popular worker protections. This sweeping rollback would reverse that eighty years of worker protec-tions and leave truck drivers more vulner-able to long hours and abusive working con-ditions. Here are some examples of how the law would affect millions of truck drivers across the country: Workers compensation and truck safety. Truck drivers have the highest number and rate of fatal occupational injuries of any oc-cupation in the United States. They also have the second highest rate of all occupa-tions for non-fatal serious injuries and ill-nesses. Yet this amendment would deny workers’ compensation benefits to all drivers and deny states the right to establish safety and hazardous cargo controls, under the guise of providing uniform federal law. Minimum wage. At a time when Congress has kept the federal minimum wage frozen at just $7.25 since 2009, more and more states have been stepping in to fill the void. Cur-rently, 31 states and more than 40 localities have approved minimum wage increases above the current federal level of $7.25, af-fecting the pay of 15 million workers. But the amendment would strip truck drivers of these minimum wage protections. Independent contractor abuses. Worker misclassification is a pressing issue for truck drivers across the country, and across the country, courts and administrative agencies are finding, applying state laws, that truck drivers have been illegally treated as inde-pendent contractors by the companies. The amendment would reverse these decisions and allow companies to continue to violate the law. Paid family leave and paid sick days. Cur-rently, the District of Columbia, 9 states (Connecticut, California, Massachusetts, Or-egon, Vermont, Arizona, Washington, Rhode Island and Maryland) and dozens of local ju-risdictions extend paid sick leave to work-ers. And California, New Jersey, New York and Washington State provide paid family leave to workers in those states. The amend-ment would take away that benefit from truck drivers in some of the highest truck-ing-dependent states in the country. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time remains on each side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from California has 1 minute remaining. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, let me just say, Mr. D
EFAZIO has said this is very broad. It is very, very succinct. Title 49, section 31502 is the law. The regulation is 40 CFR 395. This is very, very tight compared to 1994, when the Democrats had control of the House, the Senate, and the Pres-idency. Mr. DEFAZIO, thankfully, sup-ported it back then as a very broad measure dealing with all of these dif-ferent issues. Now we are just dealing with meal and rest breaks only. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ) on this very bipartisan measure. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chairman, again, overall, I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and the ranking member for bringing the FAA bill in. But I also support the Denham-Costa amendment because, again, it is a narrow fix on this, and it is only dealing with the interstate itself. Again, this is a bill that we want to provide some sort of uniformity on. And that is all we are asking for is uni-formity. If it crosses State lines, we are asking for that type of uniformity. Again, in the industry, those drivers cross State lines multiple times per day. So I would ask that you support the Denham-Costa amendment. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ). Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Chairman, this amendment seeks to preempt important State-level pro-tections that help ensure truck drivers are treated fairly and that they are able to do their jobs safely. This language would not just erase existing meal and rest break require-ments for truckers, it would affect all State and local wage and hour laws, with adverse implications for every-thing from workers’ compensation to the minimum wage. Such changes would be deeply harmful, and I urge my colleagues to oppose them. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. If you simply pick up a load in the Port of Los Angeles and drive 10 miles, that is deemed interstate commerce. The problem I was trying to solve with a narrow amendment version was to say if someone is coming in from Ne-vada, crosses the State line, there would be confusion. That is truly inter-state commerce. What would apply? The Federal hours of service, State hours of service, et cetera. There could be a narrow fix to this issue. This is a preemption. If you read the law, basically, from working to the full extent permitted or at such times as permitted under such section, or im-posing any additional obligations on motor carriers if such employees work to the full extent or at such times as permitted under such section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.050 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3677 April 26, 2018 
So this would be a preemption in all 50 States of whatever additional condi-tions they have put in place. Many truck drivers are horribly abused already. We have done away with detention time, and we have put time limits on when they can drive, for safety reasons. They are sitting at some warehouse facility for hours, earning nothing, unless we can have States with additional laws. If we aren’t going to have Federal detention time, perhaps States can help with these problems. We do not want abused, tired truck drivers out on the road. We want them to be able to earn a living wage. I have met with drivers out of the port numerous times who are in these endless deals to theoretically buy their truck that they never get to buy, and some of them are not even taking home $100 a week and working many, many hours. We need to stop these abuses. This is only going to make things worse. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my re-quest for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 67 to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-designate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MISS  
GONZA ´LEZ-COLO´N OF PUERTO RICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 81 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall begin a study of international air cargo services among the United States and Cen-tral American, South American, and Carib-bean Basin countries, that— (1) analyzes the supply of and demand for air cargo transportation services among the United States and Central American, South American, and Caribbean Basin countries; (2) analyzes the supply of and demand for air cargo transportation services between— (A) the United States, Central American, South American, and Caribbean Basin coun-tries; and (B) Africa and Europe; (3) identifies the busiest routes in terms of cargo capacity and frequency of air service; (4) identifies any air carrier or foreign air carrier hubs in Central American, South American, and Caribbean Basin countries at which a significant amount of air cargo is sorted, handled, or consolidated for transpor-tation to or from the United States; (5) identifies any air carrier or foreign air carrier hubs in the United States at which a significant amount of air cargo is sorted, handled, or consolidated for transportation to or from Central American, South Amer-ican, and Caribbean Basin countries. (6) identifies any significant gaps in the air cargo services or cargo air carrier net-works— (A) among the countries described in para-graph (2)(A); (B) between such countries and Africa; and (C) between such countries and Europe; and (7) assesses the possible impact of the es-tablishment of an air carrier hub in Puerto Rico at which air cargo is sorted, handled, or consolidated for transportation to or from the United States, including the impact on— (A) the employment rate and economy of Puerto Rico; (B) domestic and foreign air transportation of cargo; (C) United States competitiveness in the air transportation of cargo; (D) air cargo operations at other airports in the United States; and (E) domestic air carrier employment. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study described in sub-section (a). (c) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘Caribbean Basin countries’’ has the same meaning given the term ‘‘Caribbean Basin country’’ in section 501 of the Food for Peace Act (7 U.S.C. 1737). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´N) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Puerto Rico. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 4 and, of course, the amendment that I am supporting and sponsoring today. I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER for providing me the opportunity to speak on behalf of this simple yet very important amend-ment that Congressman D
ONYOUNG  has joined me in sponsoring. A lack of reliable data on which Con-gress can make informed decisions is a recurring problem for Puerto Rico. The bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico, established by PROMESA, unani-mously recognized this problem, back in 2016, and made numerous rec-ommendations that were designed to include Puerto Rico in Federal statis-tical programs. My amendment to H.R. 4 is con-sistent with the Task Force’s rec-ommendations to remove regulatory burdens inhibiting commerce between Puerto Rico, the U.S. mainland, and international markets. Puerto Rico needs to reactivate and diversify its economic base in order to emerge not just from the current dis-aster situation, but to have stable, long-term economic growth. My amendment simply seeks to evaluate Puerto Rico’s potential as an air cargo hub and to obtain rec-ommendations as to how to best achieve that potential. It does not change the current statutory regime over air cargo operations on the island. It simply seeks to provide the hard data required to make a sound decision about it. It provides for evaluating the com-petitive situation in the Caribbean re-gion, not just relative to Puerto Rico, but to other foreign and continental U.S. airport hubs serving it so that it also serves to provide a better picture for the overall future competitive envi-ronment in the region. Puerto Rico has the necessary infra-structure in three international-capa-ble airports with ample space and ports. The island also has a privileged geographic location that gives it high potential as a cargo hub between the Caribbean and northern South Amer-ica, Europe, and Africa, as well as being at the southeasternmost corner of the U.S. domestic air transportation network. The Puerto Rico Manufacturers Asso-ciation, the largest business and em-ployer organization on the island, sup-ports this amendment and the poten-tial development of the island as an air cargo hub. The island’s pharmaceutical manufacturers would also benefit from Puerto Rico becoming an air cargo hub. Mr. Chairman, it is the private sector and private investments that will play the leading role in rebuilding our is-land’s economy. This is now, more than ever, critical as we continue to recover in the aftermath of the hurricanes. The island of Puerto Rico’s jobs are American jobs, and we look for new op-portunities to grow our economy. This amendment will provide the data to evaluate what would be the capacity for developing this kind of business ac-tivity and what its potential impact would be on the local and national economy. I want to thank Chairmen Shuster and LoBiondo for their support and guidance, and I urge that this amend-ment be adopted as part of this reau-thorization bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.098 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3678 April 26, 2018 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, but I do support the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). Without objection, the gen-tleman is recognize for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the amend-ment offered by the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico. This amendment requires the U.S. Government Accountability Office, or the GAO, study air cargo traffic in the Caribbean, including an assessment and data collection. This data and as-sessment are needed to help assess Puerto Rico’s role as a cargo hub for international traffic. I look forward to seeing what the GAO reports. Therefore, I support this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1615 Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, this bill will pro-vide data that is important for the due recognition in terms of the capabilities of the island for the near future, and I hope this bill will pass and give Puerto Rico the opportunities we need to ful-fill the opportunities in the region and the States. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MRS . COMSTOCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 84 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SPACEPORTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON STATE SPACE -
PORT CONTRIBUTIONS .—It is the Sense of Con-gress that— (1) State government-owned and -operated spaceports have contributed hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in infrastructure improve-ments to the national space launch infra-structure, providing the United States Gov-ernment and commercial customers with world-class space launch and processing in-frastructure that is necessary to support continued American leadership in space; (2) State spaceports play a critical role in providing resiliency and redundancy in the national launch infrastructure to support national security and civil government capa-bilities, and should be recognized as a crit-ical infrastructure in Federal strategy and planning; (3) continued State and local government investments at Federal and non-Federal launch facilities should be encouraged and to the maximum extent practicable supported in Federal policies, planning and infrastruc-ture investment considerations, including through Federal-State partnerships; (4) there is currently no Federal infrastruc-ture investment program funding or encour-aging State and local government invest-ment in spaceport infrastructure, unlike Federal grant programs to encourage contin-ued investment in all other modes of trans-portation, including aviation, highways, ports, and rail, which limits opportunities for the Federal government to leverage and coordinate infrastructure investments with State and local governments; (5) Federal investments in space infra-structure should enable partnerships be-tween Federal agencies with state spaceports to modernize and enable expanded 21st cen-tury space transportation infrastructure, es-pecially multi-modal networks needed for ro-bust space transportation that support na-tional security, civil, and commercial launch customers; and (6) States that have made investments to build, maintain, operate, and improve capa-bilities for national security, civil, and com-mercial customers should be commended for their infrastructure contributions to both Federal and non-Federal launch sites, and encouraged through a variety of programs and policies to continue these investments in the national interest. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF SPACE -
PORTS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF SPACE -
PORTS .—Title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of subtitle V the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 515—OFFICE OF SPACEPORTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘51501. Establishment of Office of Space-ports. ‘‘§ 51501. Establishment of Office of Space-ports ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF OFFICE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration shall identify, within the Office of Commercial Space Transportation, a centralized policy office to be known as the Office of Spaceports. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Office of Spaceports shall be to support, promote, and enable infrastructure improvements at Fed-eral Aviation Administration-licensed space-ports in the United States. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Office of Spaceports shall— ‘‘(1) support licensing activities for launch sites; ‘‘(2) develop and implement policies that promote infrastructure improvements at li-censed public launch sites; ‘‘(3) provide technical assistance, guidance, and support to licensed public spaceports; ‘‘(4) promote United States licensed space-ports within the Department; and ‘‘(5) strengthen the Nation’s competitive-ness in launch infrastructure and increase resilience for the Federal Government and commercial customers. ‘‘(d) R
ECOGNITION .—In carrying out the functions assigned in subsection (c), the Sec-retary shall recognize the unique needs and distinctions of spaceports that— ‘‘(1) launch to orbit; and ‘‘(2) are involved in suborbital launch ac-tivities. ‘‘(e) D
IRECTOR .—The Associate Adminis-trator for Commercial Space Transportation of the Federal Aviation Administration shall designate a Director of the Office of Space-ports. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘spaceport’ means a launch site that is licensed by the Federal Aviation Administration. ‘‘(2) The term ‘public spaceport’ means a launch site that is licensed by the Federal Aviation Administration and is owned or op-erated by a State or local governmental enti-ty, including political subdivisions of a State or local government.’’. (2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters of title 51, United State Code, is amended by adding at the end of subtitle V the following: ‘‘515. Office of Spaceports..................51501’’. (c) R
EPORT ON NATIONAL SPACEPORTS POL-
ICY.— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (A) A robust network of space transpor-tation infrastructure, including spaceports licensed by the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, is vital to the growth of the domes-tic space industry and America’s competi-tiveness and access to space. (B) Non-Federal spaceports licensed by the Federal Aviation Administration have sig-nificantly increased the launch infrastruc-ture of the United States through significant investments by State and local governments, which have encouraged greater private in-vestment. (C) These spaceports have led to the devel-opment of a growing number of orbital and suborbital launch sites that are available to the national security, civil, and commercial space customers at minimal cost to the Fed-eral Government. (D) The Federal Government, led by the Secretary of Transportation, should seek to promote the growth, resilience, and capabili-ties of this space infrastructure through policies and through partnerships with State and local governments. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall submit to Congress a report that— (A) evaluates the Federal Government’s national security and civil space launch de-mands and the needs of the United States and international commercial markets; (B) proposes policies and programs de-signed to ensure a robust and resilient or-bital and suborbital spaceport infrastructure to serve and capitalize on these launch op-portunities; (C) reviews the development and invest-ments made by international competitors in foreign spaceports; (D) makes recommendations on how the Federal Government can support, encourage, promote, and facilitate greater investments in infrastructure at public spaceports li-censed by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion; and (E) considers and makes recommendations about how spaceports licensed by the Federal Aviation Administration can fully support and enable the national space policy. (3) U
PDATES TO THE REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— (A) update the previous report prepared under this subsection; and (B) submit the updated report to Congress. (4) C
ONSULTATIONS REQUIRED .—In preparing the reports required by this subsection, the Secretary shall consult with individuals in-cluding— (A) the Secretary of Defense; (B) the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration; (C) the Administrator of the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration; and (D) interested persons at spaceports, State and local governments, and industry. (d) R
EPORT ON SPACE TRANSPORTATION IN-
FRASTRUCTURE MATCHING GRANTS .— (1) GAO 
STUDY AND REPORT .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct a study regarding spaceport activi-ties carried out pursuant to chapters 509 and 511 of title 51, United States Code, includ-ing— (A) an assessment of potential mechanisms to provide Federal support to spaceports, in-cluding the airport improvement program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.100 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3679 April 26, 2018 
established under subchapter I of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, and the pro-gram established under chapter 511 of title 51, United States Code; (B) recommendations for potential funding options, including funds that may be col-lected from launch providers or launch cus-tomers; and (C) any necessary changes to improve the spaceport application review process. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study described in paragraph (1), the Comp-troller General shall consult with sources from each component of the launch process, including interested persons in industry and government officials at the Federal, State, and local levels. (3) U
SER-FUNDED SPACEPORTS .—In review-ing funding options, the Comptroller General shall distinguish between spaceports that are funded by users and those that are not. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to Congress a report containing results of the study con-ducted under paragraph (1). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Virginia. 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED  
BY MRS . COMSTOCK  
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment No. 84 be modified in the manner that I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 84 printed in part A of House Report 115– 650 offered by Mrs. C
OMSTOCK : 
Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SPACEPORTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS ON STATE SPACE -
PORT CONTRIBUTIONS .—It is the Sense of Con-gress that— (1) State government-owned and -operated spaceports have contributed hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in infrastructure improve-ments to the national space launch infra-structure, providing the United States Gov-ernment and commercial customers with world-class space launch and processing in-frastructure that is necessary to support continued American leadership in space; (2) State spaceports play a critical role in providing resiliency and redundancy in the national launch infrastructure to support national security and civil government capa-bilities, and should be recognized as a crit-ical infrastructure in Federal strategy and planning; (3) continued State and local government investments at Federal and non-Federal launch facilities should be encouraged and to the maximum extent practicable supported in Federal policies, planning and infrastruc-ture investment considerations, including through Federal-State partnerships; (4) there is currently no Federal infrastruc-ture investment program funding or encour-aging State and local government invest-ment in spaceport infrastructure, unlike Federal grant programs to encourage contin-ued investment in all other modes of trans-portation, including aviation, highways, ports, and rail, which limits opportunities for the Federal government to leverage and coordinate infrastructure investments with State and local governments; (5) Federal investments in space infra-structure should enable partnerships be-tween Federal agencies with state spaceports to modernize and enable expanded 21st cen-tury space transportation infrastructure, es-pecially multi-modal networks needed for ro-bust space transportation that support na-tional security, civil, and commercial launch customers; and (6) States that have made investments to build, maintain, operate, and improve capa-bilities for national security, civil, and com-mercial customers should be commended for their infrastructure contributions to both Federal and non-Federal launch sites, and encouraged through a variety of programs and policies to continue these investments in the national interest. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF SPACE -
PORTS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF SPACE -
PORTS .—Title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of subtitle V the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 515—OFFICE OF SPACEPORTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘51501. Establishment of Office of Space-ports. ‘‘§ 51501. Establishment of Office of Space-ports ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF OFFICE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration shall identify, within the Office of Commercial Space Transportation, a centralized policy office to be known as the Office of Spaceports. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Office of Spaceports shall— ‘‘(1) support licensing activities for launch sites; ‘‘(2) develop policies that promote infra-structure improvements at licensed public launch sites; ‘‘(3) provide technical assistance and guid-ance to licensed public spaceports; ‘‘(4) promote United States licensed space-ports within the Department; and ‘‘(5) strengthen the Nation’s competitive-ness in launch infrastructure and increase resilience for the Federal Government and commercial customers. ‘‘(c) R
ECOGNITION .—In carrying out the functions assigned in subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall recognize the unique needs and distinctions of spaceports that— ‘‘(1) launch to orbit; and ‘‘(2) are involved in suborbital launch ac-tivities. ‘‘(d) D
IRECTOR .—The Associate Adminis-trator for Commercial Space Transportation of the Federal Aviation Administration shall designate a Director of the Office of Space-ports. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) S
PACEPORT .—The term ‘spaceport’ means a launch site that is licensed by the Federal Aviation Administration. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC SPACEPORT .—The term ‘public spaceport’ means a launch site that is li-censed by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion and is owned or operated by a State or local governmental entity, including polit-ical subdivisions of a State or local govern-ment.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters of title 51, United State Code, is amended by adding at the end of subtitle V the following: ‘‘515. Office of Spaceports..................51501’’. (c) R
EPORT ON NATIONAL SPACEPORTS POL-
ICY.— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (A) A robust network of space transpor-tation infrastructure, including spaceports licensed by the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, is vital to the growth of the domes-tic space industry and America’s competi-tiveness and access to space. (B) Non-Federal spaceports licensed by the Federal Aviation Administration have sig-nificantly increased the launch infrastruc-ture of the United States through significant investments by State and local governments, which have encouraged greater private in-vestment. (C) These spaceports have led to the devel-opment of a growing number of orbital and suborbital launch sites that are available to the national security, civil, and commercial space customers at minimal cost to the Fed-eral Government. (D) The Federal Government, led by the Secretary of Transportation, should seek to promote the growth, resilience, and capabili-ties of this space infrastructure through policies and through partnerships with State and local governments. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall submit to Congress a report that— (A) evaluates the Federal Government’s national security and civil space launch de-mands and the needs of the United States and international commercial markets; (B) proposes policies and programs de-signed to ensure a robust and resilient or-bital and suborbital spaceport infrastructure to serve and capitalize on these launch op-portunities; (C) reviews the development and invest-ments made by international competitors in foreign spaceports; (D) makes recommendations on how the Federal Government can support, encourage, promote, and facilitate greater investments in infrastructure at public spaceports li-censed by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion; and (E) considers and makes recommendations about how spaceports licensed by the Federal Aviation Administration can fully support and enable the national space policy. (3) U
PDATES TO THE REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— (A) update the previous report prepared under this subsection; and (B) submit the updated report to Congress. (4) C
ONSULTATIONS REQUIRED .—In preparing the reports required by this subsection, the Secretary shall consult with individuals in-cluding— (A) the Secretary of Defense; (B) the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration; (C) the Administrator of the National Aer-onautics and Space Administration; and (D) interested persons at spaceports, State and local governments, and industry. (d) R
EPORT ON SPACE TRANSPORTATION IN-
FRASTRUCTURE MATCHING GRANTS .— (1) GAO 
STUDY AND REPORT .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall conduct a study regarding spaceport activi-ties carried out pursuant to chapters 509 and 511 of title 51, United States Code, includ-ing— (A) an assessment of potential mechanisms to provide Federal support to spaceports, in-cluding the airport improvement program established under subchapter I of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, and the pro-gram established under chapter 511 of title 51, United States Code; (B) recommendations for potential funding options, including funds that may be col-lected from launch providers or launch cus-tomers; and (C) any necessary changes to improve the spaceport application review process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.043 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3680 April 26, 2018 
(2) C ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study described in paragraph (1), the Comp-troller General shall consult with sources from each component of the launch process, including interested persons in industry and government officials at the Federal, State, and local levels. (3) U
SER-FUNDED SPACEPORTS .—In review-ing funding options, the Comptroller General shall distinguish between spaceports that are funded by users and those that are not. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to Congress a report containing results of the study con-ducted under paragraph (1). 
Mrs. COMSTOCK (during the read-ing). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the modification be con-sidered as read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? There was no objection. The ACTING Chair. Is there objec-tion to the original request of the gen-tlewoman from Virginia? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chairman, my bipartisan amendment reflects several policy recommendations that have been proposed in various forms over the last several years, including Rep-resentative B
RIDENSTINE ’s Space Ren-aissance Act. State spaceports have become in-creasingly important elements of our national space launch infrastructure, with States like Virginia, Florida, and Alaska contributing hundreds of mil-lions in infrastructure improvements to launch sites to better support NASA, DOD, and commercial launch. State spaceports like the Mid-Atlan-tic Regional Spaceport at Wallops Is-land in Virginia, which launches Or-bital ATK’s Antares and Minotaur rockets, have provided new, low-cost capabilities for NASA, Defense, and commercial users, while also improv-ing resiliency and responsiveness. The recent NASA Reauthorization Act, which passed the House Science Com-mittee by an overwhelmingly bipar-tisan vote last week, included language urging NASA to fully leverage such State spaceport investments to meet infrastructure demands to support na-tional missions. As we now consider this FAA Reau-thorization Act, it is also important to note that the FAA currently plays a critical role in licensing and working with these spaceports as they grow their infrastructure and capabilities to support a variety of missions. This amendment will help recognize the im-portant role of these spaceports to our national launch infrastructure, estab-lish an office of spaceports to better co-ordinate licensing, policy, and tech-nical support for spaceports, as well as direct two important reports—one by the Secretary of Transportation and another by GAO—to address policy issues facing spaceports in our growing launch market. The amendment is supported by a bi-partisan group of my colleagues from Virginia, Maryland, and Florida and is supported by Virginia Space, Space Florida, and the National Association of Spaceports, among others. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, even though I support the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment being offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia. This amendment would create within the FAA Commercial Space Transpor-tation Office an office of spaceports, a centralized policy office that will sup-port and promote infrastructure im-provements at FAA-licensed space-ports. This amendment also requires a re-port to Congress evaluating the Fed-eral Government’s national security and civil space launch demands, and of-fers recommendations on how we can further support and promote greater investment in commercial space infra-structure. It also requires the Comp-troller General to study spaceport ac-tivities in the U.S. Commercial space transportation and enabled industries includes satellite and ground equipment manufacturing, satellite services and remote sensing, and distribution industries. In 2015, the size of the global space industry was estimated to be $335 billion; the size of the U.S. space industry was approxi-mately $126 billion, which includes $89 billion in revenues generated by sat-ellite services, manufacturing, ground equipment, and launch services. The commercial launch of satellites is particularly important as these tech-nologies offer us a range of services from television and radio broadcasts to high-speed internet and weather fore-casting. This amendment will strengthen the Nation’s competitiveness in this nas-cent industry and offer us a better un-derstanding of how we can maintain a robust and resilient network of space transportation infrastructure. Mr. Chairman, with that, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 87 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. INSTALLATION OF OVERFLIGHT NOISE MITIGATION DEVICES. 
To reduce the impact of overflight noise on local communities, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall en-gage and cooperate with air carriers to iden-tify and facilitate opportunities for the air carriers to retrofit aircraft with devices that mitigate noise, including vortex generators. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for their hard work, and also Mr. L
ARSEN as well. I have to confess that mentally in my mind I have a list of Republicans I wish wouldn’t run for office again, but I am proud and happy to say that, Mr. S
HU-
STER , you are not on that list. I just want to congratulate you on your good work not only on this bill, but in the past on a lot of issues that affect not only the constituents in your district, but also people across this country. Thank you for your service. I was hoping that I might come to the floor today to talk about ways that we might prevent terrorists and crimi-nal organizations from registering air-craft in the United States. There is a Department of Transportation Inspec-tor General report that is well known to Members here that basically lays out the case for more closely scruti-nizing the registration of U.S. aircraft. They came up with a few glaring exam-ples that I will mention here. Recently, it was discovered that Hezbollah, through a front person, also from Lebanon, registered an aircraft here in the United States with no land-ing permit. In addition, we had another aircraft registered through the FAA through Wells Fargo Bank, which we understand was located in Tripoli International Airport in Libya, with no landing permit, just hours before the U.N. Security Council met to approve a no-fly zone over that country. Similarly, we had an aircraft owned by the brother of Ghana’s president but registered by the Bank of Utah, which mysteriously appeared in Tehran, Iran, in 2014, bearing an American flag em-blem. This occurred, obviously, in the midst of U.S. and international sanc-tions. Prohibiting the travel of U.S. aircraft to Iran was the law at that point. The FAA could not explain who was operating the plane or who owned it, and the lack of transparency and ac-countability in the FAA’s registration system is a serious national security threat. Now, there was a time when Demo-crats and Republicans could work on amendments like that and they would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.044 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3681 April 26, 2018 
be accepted. I am still mystified as to where the opposition came from. Also, public health and safety de-mands that the FAA take immediate steps to mitigate the impact of con-centrated flight paths which come in and out of major airports around the country. They have got a new system called a NextGen RNAV system that concentrates the flights over very nar-row strips of neighborhoods and in the areas adjacent to those airports. And we can do a lot, Mr. Chairman, to miti-gate that damage. But that is not in this bill. What I am here to talk about is ret-rofitting aircraft with noise mitigation devices known as vortex generators. These devices are lightweight and di-vert wind from the vents on the under-side of an aircraft’s wing to signifi-cantly reduce noise during descent. Eu-ropean carriers such as Lufthansa, British Airways, and Air France have already adapted their older Airbus air-craft with these devices, and new mod-els now come equipped with them. My amendment, which is cosponsored by several of my colleagues on the Con-gressional Quiet Skies Caucus, would ensure that American air carriers are following suit. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I re-luctantly rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend and, actually, my classmate, Mr. L
YNCH . You, myself, and J
OEWILSON are the last of the special election eight that came in 2001, so with me leaving, it will just be up to you and J
OEWILSON . But I appreciate working with you. I appreciate the intent of your amendment. Again, I reluctantly op-pose it because of my high regard for you and the work you have done here. I might add too that what you are talking about, the registration—your amendment, I am familiar with it; I think it might have had some unin-tended consequences. But I also believe that what they do in Oklahoma City at the registry would put some language in this bill to change that process out there. I intend to go out and see it firsthand, because there are problems out there with the way they operate out there in Oklahoma City. Again, I understand what you are talking about. But I do rise, reluctantly, to oppose the amendment. The amendment would require the FAA to undertake a very unclear task, I believe, facilitating op-portunities for air carriers to install noise reduction devices. If you come onto the House floor with an FAA bill, the number one amendment that we have—many, many amendments that we have deal with noise. So it is a prob-lem out there. But the air carriers do have an incentive to, again, operate and reduce the noise of their aircraft, and each new generation of aircraft continues to reduce the noise. I know that in Connecticut, I believe, Briggs & Stratton has a facility up there, United Technologies, and they were talking about a jet engine that will reduce noise by as much as 70 per-cent. Again, technology. A lot of smart people are out there trying to figure out innovative ways to reduce noise on these aircraft. Having the FAA in-volved in these air carrier business de-cisions, I believe, would stifle the inno-vation and would set back that devel-opment. But again, I thank the gentleman for his leadership. I am well aware of the issue. I at this point would urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. LAR-
SEN). Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the amend-ment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts. It would direct the FAA to engage and cooperate with airlines to identify and facilitate opportunities for them to retrofit their aircraft with devices that mitigate noise. Air traffic noise is an extremely important issue to those who live in communities surrounding our airports. This noise can be destruc-tive to the well-being of the residents of these communities. This amendment would go a long way toward mitigating future noise issues around our airports. I support this amendment and ask my colleagues to do the same. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. b1630 
AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 88 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. GLOBAL-SCALE PROBABILISTIC CON-VECTION GUIDANCE. 
The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall develop global-scale probabilistic convection guidance capability. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New York. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a simple one. The entire text reads as follows: 
The FAA Administrator shall develop glob-al-scale probabilistic convection guidance capability. 
In plain English, this means that the FAA would be required to develop the capability to predict where convection occurs so that aircraft can avoid it, if possible. Atmospheric convection is thought to induce a significant proportion of turbulence experienced by commercial aircraft, and that turbulence, even if only moderate, can lead to passenger and crew injuries and can result in high insurance costs for airlines. The FAA has been doing a commend-able job of developing the capability to produce probabilistic forecasts of do-mestic oceanic convection over a 36- hour timeframe, but work remains to be done to improve this capability globally. The FAA would like to pursue fur-ther work in this area and has the hope of possibly achieving this capability by the end of 2020. In order to support this effort, I believe Congress should fully authorize the development of this im-portant capability, and after doing so, it should adequately appropriate funds to accomplish the mission. Should this amendment pass today, I am com-mitted to fully supporting the FAA’s work in this arena through my seat on the Appropriations Committee. I know we would all like a smooth flight in and out of D.C. each week. Let’s extend that possibility as often as possible to the American public seeking to cross an ocean or other con-tinents on their travels. If you want your constituents to have smoother flights, I urge you to vote in favor of this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment, but I do oppose it. This amendment would require the FAA to develop a global-scale guidance system related to convection activity. The FAA already has extensive re-sources for obtaining necessary weath-er information for safe flight oper-ations, including thunderstorm infor-mation, lightning, and so on. Addition-ally, the FAA is currently engaged in such weather-modeling development and is actively working towards de-ploying such capability in the future. However, this amendment will likely require significant budgetary resources 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.106 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3682 April 26, 2018 
from both the FAA and NOAA, and, un-fortunately, the brevity of this amend-ment and the lack of details results in a vague mandate that may distract the FAA and NOAA from their ongoing ef-forts. If the intent is to improve fore-casting efforts, then let’s not distract them from those efforts they are cur-rently involved in. For these reasons, I urge all my col-leagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. M
ENG). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 96 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 96 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. MANDATORY USE OF THE NEW YORK NORTH SHORE HELICOPTER ROUTE. 
(a) P UBLIC COMMENT PERIOD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall pro-vide notice of, and an opportunity for, at least 60 days of public comment with respect to the regulations in subpart H of part 93 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) T
IMING .—The public comment period re-quired under paragraph (1) shall begin not later than 30 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (b) P
UBLIC HEARING .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall hold a public hear-ing in the communities impacted by the reg-ulations described in subsection (a)(1) to so-licit feedback with respect to the regula-tions. (c) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall initiate a review of the reg-ulations described in subsection (a)(1) that assesses the— (1) noise impacts of the regulations for communities, including communities in lo-cations where aircraft are transitioning to or from a destination or point of landing; (2) enforcement of applicable flight stand-ards, including requirements for helicopters operating on the relevant route to remain at or above 2,500 feet mean sea level; and (3) availability of alternative or supple-mental routes to reduce the noise impacts of the regulations, including the institution of an all water route over the Atlantic Ocean. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment to address the deeply flawed North Shore Helicopter Route, which is im-pacting communities throughout Long Island, especially my constituents on the North Fork. The FAA’s North Shore Helicopter Route, which was made mandatory through an FAA bureaucratic edict in 2010, represents everything that is wrong with our unaccountable Federal bureaucracy. It lacks fairness, trans-parency, and common sense. It is not a bright idea to mandate aircraft traffic bound for the tip of an island to make its transition over land when multiple all-water routes which mitigate the noise impact are available. In addition to being ill-conceived and misguided, what makes this FAA man-date so extremely unfair is that it shifts the majority of air traffic in the area over Long Island’s North Fork, which does not have a busy airport or helicopter pad, and, thus, doesn’t get any of the economic benefit that the air traffic brings to neighboring com-munities on the South Fork that have an active seasonal airport. To close these loopholes and address this unfairness, I offer this critical amendment that will force the FAA to reassess the North Shore Helicopter Route and work on replacing it with a true all-water route over the Atlantic Ocean. This amendment also requires the FAA to hold public hearings on the North Shore Helicopter Route in the communities impacted by this flawed route and open up a public comment period so the people who live with air-craft noise season after season can have a voice. The FAA has, for years, ignored my constituents and the law since long be-fore I was even in Congress. By con-tinuing to extend the North Shore Hel-icopter Route through emergency au-thority, the FAA has been waiving the requirements in the Administrative Procedure Act and other Federal laws and regulations that require public comment and the consultation of the impacted local governments before any major regulatory decisions are made. I represent a district that is almost completely surrounded by water, so it is common sense that aircraft depart-ing New York City bound for airports on the East End of Long Island can re-duce noise by following true all-water routes. My amendment also requires the FAA to enforce its own rules regarding altitude restrictions for the aircraft following this flawed route. This is not just an issue in my district, but also impacts residents who are impacted by noise in Nassau County and Queens. That is why I have partnered with my Democratic colleagues, Representa-tives GRACE MENGand T OMSUOZZI , on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York. This amendment directs the FAA Ad-ministrator to offer a public comment period and public hearing with respect to the New York North Shore Heli-copter Route and would then be re-quired to review the applicable regula-tions related to the route and assess the noise impacts on communities and the availability of alternative or sup-plemental routes to reduce those im-pacts. I oppose it on the grounds that it is really not good policy to legislate on noise in a piecemeal fashion, address-ing each region and each airport one by one. That is not the best way to ad-dress air traffic noise. The community has been aware of this issue for some time and certainly of the occasionally unreasonable exposure to helicopter noise reported by residents in urban areas. The Aviation Subcommittee held a roundtable on this in October of 2011 to explore this issue, and perhaps it is time to re-up that roundtable to get some movement on this issue. Further, I have concern about pos-sible unintended consequences of legis-lative proposals that could lead to the redistribution of aircraft noise. Al-though well-intentioned, such pro-posals have social justice ramifications and often can end up distributing noise over socially economically disadvan-taged communities. We have to make sure that noise is distributed equitably if we are going to make these deci-sions. I would be happy to work, and I think on our side we would be happy to work with the gentleman and the cosponsors to try to address these concerns by talking directly with the FAA, but I have to oppose taking the solution to-wards a legislative resolution. I ask my colleagues to oppose it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, first off, with respect to my colleague on the other side of the aisle, it is very impor-tant for my constituents to have a voice. What is important to note here is that this route was extended by the FAA, put in the Federal Register, in the middle of a weekend. No one told me. No one told any of the local gov-ernments. There was no public hearing. There were no public comments accept-ed. Actually, the FAA, in this case, went out of their way to ensure that my constituents had zero voice whatso-ever. That is under the current Federal law. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ), the chairman of the Transportation and In-frastructure Committee. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding and rise in support of his amendment. Again, this amendment does address the concerns of the people on Long Is-land. As the gentleman pointed out, this was put in place without public comment, without talking to the folks that live and have to live under these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.109 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3683 April 26, 2018 
overflights, so I applaud him for his ef-forts and commitment to his constitu-ents on this issue. Again, he has worked tirelessly for the last two Con-gresses on this issue and been a tre-mendously effective advocate. I thank the gentleman for his contin-ued leadership, and I thank him for his amendment and encourage Members to support Mr. Z
ELDIN ’s amendment. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his support of this amendment, for doing everything in his power to ensure that my constituents have a voice, that they are heard, that they are represented, that they are able to provide their public comments, that they are allowed to have a hearing with the FAA. It really is very much appreciated by the residents of my dis-trict. And to my colleagues, Congress-woman G
RACE MENG, Congressman S
UOZZI , for everyone on the other side of the aisle who is showing leadership in supporting this effort, it is much ap-preciated, understanding that this was literally jammed through, in the Fed-eral Register, without all sorts of not just courtesies provided, but worse, ac-tually muzzling the voice of the people that they couldn’t even share any— any—of their comments whatsoever. Summer after summer, the quality of life of East End residents has suffered due to the persistent issue of this noise. The FAA and Department of Transportation have sole jurisdiction over the aircraft routes that have im-pacted these communities, but from the route’s planning to its continued use, they have flat out ignored the resi-dents directly affected. I am urging all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 97 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
SEC. 543. STUDY ON DIVERSITY OF CYBERSECU-RITY WORKFORCE OF FAA. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration shall enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to con-duct a study on the diversity of the cyberse-curity workforce of the Administration in order to develop recommendations to in-crease the size, quality, and diversity of such workforce, including cybersecurity research-ers and specialists. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the study conducted under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of such study. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Michigan. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that will direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, FAA, to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to con-duct a study on the diversity of the cy-bersecurity workforce of the FAA in order to develop recommendations to increase the size, quality, and diversity of such workforce. Every day, Federal departments and agencies across our Nation face a bar-rage of cybersecurity attacks that threaten our national and economic se-curity. An attack in 2006 forced the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration to shut down one of its air traffic con-trol systems in Alaska. Another attack that possibly involved malicious hack-ing and phishing targeted 75 airports in the United States in 2013. Now, in recent years, the FAA has taken concrete steps to improve cyber-security protection mechanisms; how-ever, Congress needs to ensure that the FAA has the ability and resources to implement cybersecurity protocols across all segments of the National Airspace System. The mission of the FAA is ‘‘to pro-vide the safest, most efficient aero-space system in the world,’’ and one of the five values of the agency to execute on that mission includes, in their vi-sion statement: ‘‘People are our strength. Our success depends on the respect, diversity, collaboration, and commitment of our workforce.’’ b1645 According to CyberSeek, a national program of National Institute of Standards and Technology in the De-partment of Commerce, in 2017, the U.S. employed nearly 800,000 people in cybersecurity positions. However, that same report goes on to add that ap-proximately 350,000 jobs remain open in the cybersecurity space. To ensure that FAA continues to safeguard the world’s safest and most productive aviation sector, Congress needs to ensure that the FAA has all of the tools necessary to ready its work-force. According to the FAA 2015 Perform-ance and Accountability Report, the agency has over 45,000 employees who have diverse educational and career backgrounds. So when we look at our air traffic controllers, researchers, maintenance specialists, safety inspec-tors, and mechanical and electrical software engineers, innovative solu-tions to national cybersecurity chal-lenges will come from a diversity of perspectives. That is why my amendment will study the needs of the existing cyberse-curity workforce of the FAA, and help identify and address any gaps that exist, and ensure that the size, quality, and diversity of such workforce at the FAA keep pace with the rapid techno-logical advancements in the aviation sector. I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  and Ranking Member P
ETER DEFAZIO for their strength and their leadership. And I want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER for his leadership and emphasis on skills development and training. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. It is a good amend-ment. The cybersecurity workforce will play a greater role in the aviation in-dustry in the years ahead. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all of my colleagues to support Mrs. L
AWRENCE ’s amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague on the other side of the aisle for his support. Our skilled trained workforce is one of the greatest challenges we have in America in supplying a workforce that is going to address the skilled needs of our workforce. If we don’t address it and be proactive, it is going to be cre-ating a challenge not only to filling jobs, but creating the workforce that will get the job done. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to pass this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 115– 650 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 42 by Mr. D
EFAZIO of Oregon. Amendment No. 60 by Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER of California. Amendment No. 63 by Mr. K
INGof Iowa. Amendment No. 78 by Mr. L
IPINSKI of Illinois. Amendment No. 79 by Mr. D
ENHAM of California. Amendment No. 87 by Mr. L
YNCH of Massachusetts. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.112 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3684 April 26, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 192, noes 223, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 155] AYES—192 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
b1716 Mr. CONAWAY, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Messrs. M
CHENRY, HILL, GOODLATTE, STEWART, BRADY of Texas, COHEN, GOHMERT, and GRAVES of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Messrs. CORREA, KIHUEN, and SERRANO changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia). The Chair advises all Mem-bers to stay close to the floor. The next series of votes will be a 2-minute vote. Please stay close to the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . 
ROHRABACHER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 37, noes 375, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 156] AYES—37 
Aderholt Bass Beyer Brady (TX) Calvert Davidson Duncan (SC) Garrett Gohmert Harris Higgins (NY) Hultgren Hunter Kelly (MS) LaMalfa Lamborn Lieu, Ted Lowenthal Lynch McClintock Moolenaar Peterson Poe (TX) Posey Raskin Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Royce (CA) Schiff Schweikert Sherman Stewart Stivers Taylor Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wilson (SC) 
NOES—375 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.116 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3685 April 26, 2018 
Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—16 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Cicilline Costello (PA) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1720 Mr. ADERHOLT changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 172, noes 243, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 157] AYES—172 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) NOES—243 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi LaHood Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.053 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3686 April 26, 2018 
b1727 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 92, noes 323, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 158] AYES—92 
Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bonamici Bustos Capuano Carbajal Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Cleaver Connolly Cooper Crist Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Ellison Eshoo Fortenberry Gabbard Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Herrera Beutler Huffman Hultgren Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jones Kaptur Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kind Kinzinger Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Matsui McCollum McGovern Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Raskin Rohrabacher Ruiz Rush Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Shea-Porter Sherman Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Takano Thompson (CA) Tonko Tsongas Vela Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (SC) Yarmuth 
NOES—323 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hurd Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1732 Mr. NORCROSS changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico, Mrs. BEATTY, and Ms. SPEIER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 222, noes 193, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 159] AYES—222 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.121 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3687 April 26, 2018 
Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—193 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1735 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 187, noes 227, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 160] AYES—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harris Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Yarmuth 
NOES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—14 
Black Blackburn Carson (IN) Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1739 Mr. EVANS changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall votes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.060 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3688 April 26, 2018 
155 to 160. Had I been present, I would have cast the following votes: Rollcall 155, on H.R. 4, DeFazio Amend-ment, vote ‘‘yea.’’ Rollcall 156, on H.R. 4, Rohrabacher/Bass Amendment, vote ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall 157, on H.R. 4, S. King Amend-ment, vote ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall 158, on H.R. 4, Lipinski Amend-ment, vote ‘‘yea.’’ Rollcall 159, on H.R. 4, Denha/Costa Amendment, vote ‘‘nay.’’ Rollcall 160, on H.R. 4, Lynch/Meng Amendment, vote ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair, I was not present for the following votes because I chose to remain in my congressional district in Miami for an important district event. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 155; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 156; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 157; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 158; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 159; and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 160. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
MUCKER ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthor-ize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other pur-poses, had come to no resolution there-on. 
f 
IRAN HUMAN RIGHTS AND HOS-TAGE-TAKING ACCOUNTABILITY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4744) to impose additional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Govern-ment of Iran, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 410, nays 2, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 161] YEAS—410 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—16 
Babin Black Blackburn Comstock Fortenberry Gabbard Gowdy Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Sewell (AL) Sires Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1747 Mr. COOK changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE PRINTING OF ‘‘UNITED STATES CAPITOL GROUNDS: LANDSCAPE ARCHI-TECT FREDERICK LAW OLMSTEAD’S DESIGN FOR DE-MOCRACY’’ AS A HOUSE DOCU-MENT Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 118, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 118 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. UNITED STATES CAPITOL GROUNDS: LANDSCAPE ARCHITECT FREDERICK LAW OLMSTEAD’S DESIGN FOR DE-MOCRACY. 
(a) P RINTING AS HOUSE DOCUMENT .—The book entitled ‘‘United States Capitol 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.061 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3689 April 26, 2018 
Grounds: Landscape Architect Frederick Law Olmstead’s Design for Democracy’’, pre-pared by the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, shall be printed as a House docu-ment under the direction of the Joint Com-mittee on Printing. (b) S
TYLE ; BINDING .—The book described in subsection (a) shall be printed in such style, form, and manner and with such binding as the Joint Committee on Printing may direct, in consultation with the Clerk of the House of Representatives and the Secretary of the Senate. (c) N
UMBER OF COPIES .—In addition to the usual number of copies, there shall be print-ed for the use of the Architect of the Capitol the lesser of— (1) 5,000 copies of the book printed under this section; or (2) such number of copies of the book as does not exceed a total production and print-ing cost of $400,000. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR THE VICTIMS AND HERO OF WAFFLE HOUSE MASS SHOOTING (Mr. COOPER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with members of the Tennessee delegation and with the Congressional Black Caucus to honor the victims of a deadly mass shooting at a Waffle House in Antioch, Tennessee, early on the morning of Sunday, April 22. The four young, promising lives that were lost were Joe R. Perez, DeEbony Groves, Taurean C. Sanderlin, and Akilah DaSilva. Fortunately, James Shaw, Jr., was also in the restaurant to confront the shooter and to take away his weapon with his bare hands, probably saving the lives of 16 other people. Let us honor all of the victims and our hero, James Shaw, Jr., with a mo-ment of silence. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE DELA-WARE ACADEMY HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS’ VARSITY BASKETBALL TEAM (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize, along with my col-league Congressman J
OHN FASO, an outstanding group of young women from Delaware Academy in Delhi, New York. The Delaware Academy Girls’ Varsity Basketball team won this year’s New York State Class D Basket-ball Championship. It was an intense game with a last 3-point shot from Logan Bruce that carried the team into overtime. The game finally ended in the first overtime with Delaware defeating Franklinville with a score of 54–51. This is Delaware Academy’s first bas-ketball State title and the first State title in any of the women’s and girls’ sports. The Delaware team, known as the Bulldogs, has 14 superior talented athletes: First, the three-point shot, which was made by Logan Bruce, Olivia Wakin, Kaitlyn Finch, Brenna Gioffe, Julia Burns, Aileen Nealis, Hannah Baxter, Anna Post, Reagan Bracchy, Meredith Mable, Caroline Grace, Cella Schnabel, Sophia Wakin, and eighth grader Sylvia Liddle. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to have my colleagues join me in congratu-lating this outstanding, talented group of women and their coaches: Todd Bruce, A.J. Mucciaro, and Tom Gliddon, on becoming New York State champions for the first time. As a former starting center for my high school girls’ basketball team, I am just so proud to say: Go, Bulldogs. f 
DEMOCRATS HAVE A BETTER DEAL ON HEALTHCARE (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, this week, Democrats are highlighting our ‘‘Bet-ter Deal’’ that we are offering the American people. One area where this Republican Con-gress has given the American people a bad deal is healthcare. Because of their repeated attempts to repeal and under-mine the Affordable Care Act, uncer-tainty has plagued our health insur-ance markets, leading insurers to flee and premiums to go up. Republicans included in their tax law a provision that will take coverage away from 13 million people and hike premiums by more than 10 percent an-nually. The Trump administration is also making every effort, Mr. Speaker, to unravel vital consumer protections through rulemaking. Now many who were finally protected under the Af-fordable Care Act will again be vulner-able to discrimination and to higher costs for comprehensive coverage. That is the Republican approach, un-fortunately, to healthcare: higher costs, lower coverage, and, yes, an age tax, and a return to the days when in-surers could deny coverage based upon preexisting conditions. Democrats are offering a better deal: stabilizing markets, bringing down pre-miums, making prescription drugs more affordable, and protecting Medi-care and Medicaid, which are the Re-publicans’ next targets. 
f 
NATIONAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKE BACK DAY (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the Na-tional Prescription Drug Take Back Day on April 28. In the 30 years I served as a commu-nity pharmacist, I saw prescription drugs save lives. However, I have also seen these same drugs, coupled with addiction, ruin careers, ruin families, and ruin lives. Today, 89 people die in the United States every day from pre-scription painkiller overdose. Prescription drugs have become the target of theft and abuse, and it is crit-ical that we do everything we can to combat the epidemic by safely dis-posing of unused medications. That is why I encourage you to go through your medicine cabinets, find any un-used prescription medications, and bring them to your closest take-back location. The DEA website allows you to easily search the closest collection site. By disposing of your unused medications, you are saving lives in your commu-nity. Again, National Prescription Take Back Day is April 28. f 
GLOBAL YOUTH SERVICE DAY (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, last week-end was the 30th anniversary of Global Youth Service Day. I spent Saturday morning at the Community FoodBank of New Jersey to meet with around 50 young people who had volunteered their day to serve others. Of course, young people have always been great leaders, but with social media and other technologies con-necting people like never before, the power of diverse young minds coming together has taken on a new dimen-sion. Young people are comparing notes across the country and around the world, and they are doing something to change the course of history. Young people are leading marches, they are running for office, and they are putting their minds and bodies to the service of others. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Community FoodBank of New Jersey and the young people across this country who partici-pated in the 2018 Global Youth Service Day. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM ALLEN ‘‘AL’’ NEWMAN (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, William Allen Newman, 64, received his reward in Heaven on February 15, 2018, after a brief illness. He was the loving husband for 43 years of Lucia Woodward Newman. He was born on February 24, 1953, in Sum-ter and was a son of the late Lonnie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.064 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3690 April 26, 2018 
Cullen Newman, Sr., and Frances Pol-lard Newman. Al attended Bethesda Church of God where he was the bass player for the praise team. He also played in the band known as ‘‘Chief Complaint.’’ Al was the administrator of North-woods Senior Living, which was a min-istry for people with chronic or similar illnesses. He spent his life in ministry serving others. He graduated from Southern Meth-odist College with a degree in Christian ministries. He graduated from Wilson Hall in 1971. He spent his life working with the visually handicapped, men-tally challenged, and the underprivi-leged, trying to make a difference in their lives. Join me in welcoming William Allen Newman into Heaven. 
f 
b1800 FINANCIAL LITERACY MONTH 2018 (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of Financial Literacy Month, which is celebrated every year in April. Whether it is purchasing your first car, getting a job, going to college, starting a family, or even saving for re-tirement, it is imperative that Ameri-cans of all ages have the capacity to make sound financial decisions. That is precisely what I have been fighting for these last two decades. In the Ohio Statehouse, I success-fully spearheaded legislation requiring all public high school students to com-plete a financial literacy class prior to graduation. Now I am proud to con-tinue this important work in the Halls of Congress. Working with the Jump$tart Coali-tion and serving as the co-chair of the House Financial and Economic Lit-eracy Caucus, I had the opportunity to recently host and honor students dur-ing Financial Literacy Day on the Hill. Mr. Speaker, I am asking all of our colleagues, Democrats and Repub-licans, to join us in Financial Literacy Month. 
f 
NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Small Business Com-mittee, I am proud to stand with own-ers and entrepreneurs in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who embody the spirit of American enterprise. As such, and in honor of National Small Business Week, beginning Sun-day, I am proud to recognize two small businesses in my district that have re-cently achieved significant milestones in their respective industries. Crossing Vineyards and Winery of Washington Crossing, Pennsylvania, was named a top 50 Irish-owned small business and will be honored at the Irish Small Business 50 Awards in Philadelphia. Additionally, Sabre Systems of War-rington was recently contracted by the United States Air Force to develop a cutting-edge antenna that would be more difficult to detect, further strengthening our military at home and abroad. I am proud of these local small busi-nesses and so many others in my dis-trict, Mr. Speaker. We must do our part as elected officials to enable them to thrive and succeed in our diverse and global economy. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JENNIFER RIORDAN (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Jennifer Riordan, who tragically lost her life on Southwest Airlines flight 1380 on April 17. Mrs. Riordan was an incredible leader and an advocate in our community who loved out loud. I join her family and loved ones in celebrating her life and her commitment to building strong and loving communities. Through her work at Wells Fargo and her philanthropic efforts, she was able to reflect the positivity of her beaming smile onto every community she touched. Her devotion to serving others made our city a better place and is both her lasting legacy and an example to all of us. Our hearts break for her family and for everyone who had the good fortune of being in her presence. I want to extend my heartfelt condo-lences to Mrs. Riordan’s husband, Mi-chael, and her two children, Averie and Joshua. I hope that we can all honor Mrs. Riordan’s memory by embodying her personal philosophy: be kind, loving, caring, and sharing. 
f 
NATIONAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKE BACK DAY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, April 28 is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. This is an opportunity to dispose of those expired or excess drugs that you may have in your home so that they are properly disposed of instead of end-ing up in a landfill, waterway, or, more importantly, the hands of children or other dangers that could affect people’s health negatively. For information about that, check with the U.S. Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Agency, or your local police or pharmacy to look for the information for where you should take your excess, expired prescription drugs so we don’t have a health risk, the endangerment of our children, or risk it ending up in the wrong place in the environment. Again, April 28 is National Prescrip-tion Drug Take Back Day. Please par-ticipate. f 
BURN PITS CAUCUS (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, while serving our country, many of our brave men and women were exposed to large plumes of black smoke and cancer- causing toxins from the burning of waste, chemicals, and plastics in burn pits. Now veterans from across the country who have no other risk factors are developing terminal cancer, leaving their families to wonder why, families of heroes like Jenn Kepner’s, a 39-year- old Air Force veteran who died of pan-creatic cancer late last year. That is why today I am proud to an-nounce the bipartisan Congressional Burn Pits Caucus, to help seek answers for our heroes exposed to burn pits. Representative B
RAD WENSTRUP and I have started this caucus because bu-reaucratic red tape at the VA and the DOD is denying our veterans the an-swers they deserve and the care they need. We can’t afford to wait. I urge every Democratic and Republican alike to join the Congressional Burn Pits Cau-cus and start fighting for our veterans to get the care they need and deserve. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PASTOR B.R. DANIELS, JR. (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Pastor B.R. Daniels, Jr.’s 25th pastoral anniversary at the First Greater New Hope Baptist Church in Fort Worth, Texas. A native of Fort Worth, Pastor Dan-iels attended Oscar Dean Wyatt High School. After graduating high school, he answered the call of duty and en-listed in the United States Army, where he faithfully served his country for 8 years. Pastor Daniels was honor-ably discharged in 1992 at the rank of Sergeant E–5. In early 1993, when the First Greater New Hope Baptist Church was in search of a new pastor, Reverend Daniels was called to occupy the pulpit. The con-gregation knew right away that they had the right man for the job. After 25 years, Pastor Daniels has certainly left his mark not only on the church, but he works closely with so many different groups in the city of Fort Worth and is on different commis-sions. He does a great job. His passion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.132 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3691 April 26, 2018 
and love for the ministry explain why so many follow his vision of hope. 
f 
QUIETER SKIES (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to comment very briefly on the Federal Aviation Reauthorization Act, which provides long-term stability for our Nation’s aviation community and crit-ical investments in U.S. airports. I have many, many issues in my district that this bill, hopefully, will address. Airplane noise is an issue that di-rectly affects my constituents in the East Bay. I have convened meetings with Federal and local stakeholders to come up with a regional solution to airport noise in the bay area. This bill will help us make progress to address noise pollution and ensure that my constituents can live under quiet skies. It would establish a pilot program for the Department of Trans-portation to give grants of up to $2.5 million to six airports for noise mitiga-tion projects. That is so important. Also, I am pleased to see that the bill includes language that would require the FAA to partner with higher edu-cation institutions to assess the health effects of white noise. While these changes may not reduce airplane noise immediately, we are moving in the right direction. I look forward to working with the FAA to ensure my constituents affected by air-plane noise are addressed in a timely fashion. This legislation is critical leg-islation to help support America’s in-novation in aviation technology and will ensure quieter skies for all. 
f 
DEA NATIONAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG TAKE BACK DAY (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to National Prescription Drug Take Back Day this Saturday, April 28. While prescription opioids may be a short-term, safe treatment for extreme pain management, misuse and addic-tion can become a tragic side effect and are extremely common, unfortu-nately. Ohio is second in our Nation in opioid overdose deaths per capita. According to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, 6.4 million Amer-icans abused controlled prescription drugs in 2015. About half of the people over the age of 12 who misused pre-scription pain relievers obtained the drugs from a friend or relative. Americans of sound mind and body must do more to reduce this number and mitigate misuse by taking action. Please join your fellow citizens in par-ticipating in National Prescription Drug Take Back Day this Saturday, April 28. Proper disposal of drugs can save lives. Remember that you can go to a col-lection site any day of the year to de-posit unused or extra pills and pre-scription drugs. Get rid of them. You can find a collection site near you by visiting takebackday.dea.gov. Do your part to prevent accidental poisoning misuse and overdose today. Your vigilance matters. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ADRIAN MURFITT (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to remember the life of Adrian Murfitt, who went to Las Vegas on Oc-tober 1 for the Route 91 festival. Adrian had a love for fishing. He would spend months on a commercial fishing boat to catch and sell fish. When it was not fishing season, he would repair appliances, tinker with cars, and spend time with his friends. Adrian was a very hard worker and decided to reward himself for a success-ful fishing season by traveling to Las Vegas. He loved to listen and sing country music with a voice that friends described as ‘‘beautiful.’’ He enjoyed his two dogs, Laika and Paxson, and always made sure to spend time with them. Adrian had many friends who remember him as being silly and goofy and wanting to make people laugh, no matter what. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Adrian Murfitt’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
MEDICARE FOR ALL (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleague and good friend Representa-tive E
LLISON and other members of the Progressive Caucus to say that healthcare should be a right for every-one in the United States of America. I have proudly cosponsored the Medi-care for All legislation for many years because I don’t believe a person’s eco-nomic status should have any bearing whatsoever on their ability to access quality and affordable healthcare. The Affordable Care Act took us a long way toward that goal, and I am so proud of that vote. I am proud to join all of the Members here who are sup-porting it and to fight back against at-tacks from the Republican majority and the White House to dismantle it. But we can’t just play defense. We have to move toward ensuring greater access to coverage, greater afford-ability, stronger consumer protections, and higher quality healthcare services. That is why this bill is so important, and I think its time has come. What Medicare for All would provide is universal coverage for everyone. This is something we should be taking up right now. I am proud to join my colleagues who are supporting it. f 
b1815 RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF TIQUE LEE CAUL (Mr. D
ESAULNIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of a longtime Antioch, Cali-fornia, resident and friend, Ms. Tique Lee Caul. Tique was a single mother, worked full-time, attended classes at Laney College, and served as a volunteer with Habitat for Humanity. She was a trail-blazer and a woman who wore many hats. She also sat on multiple boards, including Toastmasters and Black Women Organized for Political Action. She was a true stalwart of our com-munity, active with volunteers in many efforts. She enjoyed supporting others in their personal transformation and goal attainment. A mother of five beautiful children, a successful realtor, Tique was a shining light until the very end. She will be sincerely missed by her family, friends, everyone who knew her, and our com-munity. 
f 
BETTER DEAL VERSUS RAW DEAL (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, almost 2 years ago, Presidential candidate Donald Trump said: ‘‘We are going to win so much, you are going to get tired of winning.’’ It has been 16 months since Repub-licans took control of the White House and Congress, and the only people who are winning are the wealthy and well connected. The rest of America is get-ting a raw deal. The Republicans have failed to make healthcare more affordable. They have failed to invest in rebuilding our crum-bling infrastructure. They failed to lower the cost of living for working families, and they failed to drain the swamp. The rigged system that they promised to tear down is now bigger and stronger than ever before. The wealthy and well connected are making out like bandits while working people are asked to sacrifice more and more each day. It doesn’t have to be this way. Demo-crats are offering a better deal: a bet-ter deal to deliver better jobs, better wages for a better future; a better deal to raise incomes, lower the cost of liv-ing, and make sure the economy works for all Americans, not just those at the very top. Let’s give the American people a bet-ter deal than the raw deal they are get-ting from the Republicans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.134 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3692 April 26, 2018 
MEDICARE FOR ALL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, today we are going to talk about Medicare for All, the importance of making sure that every American, regardless of in-come, can get the healthcare that they need. That will be our topic over the course of the next hour. So I would like to invite to the po-dium to kick off our discussion the gentleman from California, Mr. R
O K
HANNA , a distinguished gentleman from the great State of California who has been a leader on economic justice, and justice in general. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ). Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Min-nesota for his leadership on so many issues, particularly on healthcare and the fight for Medicare for all. I rise today to share a heartbreaking story so we understand what is at stake in this fight. Sarah Fay Broughton was a young woman in San Jose, California. Sarah was going to work with special needs kids. At the age of 20, she came down with a simple sinus infection. Such a condition is usually managed by a pri-mary care physician and an ordinary specialist. However, Sarah did not re-ceive treatment because she could not afford health insurance. Six months before she fell ill, Sarah applied for Medi-Cal, California’s Med-icaid system, but her paperwork kept getting lost. The county was so over-whelmed that her family went through three different caseworkers trying to get medical coverage, but each time they were told to start over. Like more than 28 million Americans without any healthcare, for Sarah, getting sick meant facing crippling medical bills and harassment by debt collectors. So she ignored the pain, only going to the emergency room when it became too much to bear. By that point, the simple sinus infection had grown pow-erful, spreading to her brain, swelling it, and causing irreversible damage. It was simply too late. On the day Sarah passed away, her family received a let-ter saying that her Medi-Cal coverage had been approved. She was doing ev-erything right, but the system failed her. Her life was cut short because the wealthiest country in the world has not yet prioritized healthcare. The question is: Should a young woman who is 20 years old die of a sim-ple sinus infection in the United States of America? If we care about the lives of people like Sarah, if we believe that healthcare is a basic right, then it is long past time to have Medicare for All. Every American should be guaran-teed decent, basic healthcare from the day they are born. This is not a political issue. This is a moral issue. It is an issue of human de-cency. It is an issue to make sure we don’t have people who have simple con-ditions like Sarah be denied the care they deserve. That is why I am so proud of my col-league KEITH ELLISON for leading the call for Medicare for All. I am proud to serve on the task force and encourage my colleagues to join him, P
ETER  W
ELCH , and other voices in bringing to this country Medicare for All. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman again for his comments. We can talk about statis-tics. We can talk about the way the program is going to work. We can talk about all these things. But there is nothing that can replace the precious life of the young woman whom you talked about. She had people who loved her. She had people who knew her. She had everything to look forward to. She just needed her society, her com-munity, to step forward for her and to help her. And because we don’t have the kind of healthcare system we could have, we weren’t there for her. But in her memory, we have to be able to make it right for the young people and the people who are still with us. In her memory, we will fight for Medicare for All. I thank the gentleman. Would the gentleman like to make any final com-ments? Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman saying that. I had a conversation with her mother and with the community, and people just feel: what a tragic loss. So, if there are things we can do here under your lead-ership and as elected Representatives, I hope we will—and we will—take seri-ously the consequence of the failure in our healthcare policy. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I would like to invite to share a few remarks the gentleman from the great State of Vermont. As you can see from the course of this debate, Mr. Speaker, we have tremendous geographic diversity: California, Vermont. But we have one thing in common: we need a healthcare system that works for everybody. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), my good friend. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding. We have the wealthiest country in the world, we have the healthcare sys-tem that is the most expensive in the world, and we have more costs and more people not covered than is at all necessary. The fact is, we have had as a goal in this country, since the Presi-dency of Harry Truman, a goal that all our citizens be covered and have access to healthcare. And that dream made a solid step forward when Lyndon Baines Johnson was the President and Congress, on a bipartisan basis, passed Medicare, which provided healthcare protection for all Americans 65 and older and pro-vided Medicaid for low-income children and families. We made a second step forward, unfortunately not on a bipar-tisan basis, with the passage during the Obama administration of the Afford-able Care Act. That extended coverage to millions of Americans who other-wise never would have had access to care. It also made some significant im-provements in how we deliver care. We are continuing with that battle. Those are two solid steps forward. Medicare and Medicaid passed in the Johnson administration and the Af-fordable Care Act during the Obama administration. Yet we are still spend-ing the most on healthcare with out-comes that are not the best and, in fact, in many cases, are not even in the top ten. So we are spending the most and getting the least. The program for healthcare that has the most popularity in this country among Republicans, among Democrats, and among Independents is Medicare. The reason: all of us pay into the Medi-care fund, and then when we are eligi-ble at 65, we are all covered. It is sim-ple. It is not a government-run pro-gram. It is financed by taxpayers, and taxpayers are the beneficiaries of that program itself. It makes sense. It has the confidence of the American people. It also puts us in a position to try to control costs, not at the expense of throwing 24 million people off of the healthcare rolls, which is what would have happened had the repeal of the Af-fordable Care Act been passed; but by bringing down, for instance, the cost of prescription drugs, where something that was costing $7.50 suddenly cost $1,500 per pill because the owner bought up a company and then had a monopoly power and stuck it to the consumers. I believe we should strive to get Medicare for every single citizen in this country. Would there be hard ques-tions that we have to address? Sure. There are. But what we have now with this fractured system is young girls who, because they don’t have access to healthcare, because the bureaucracy takes so much time to see if she is eli-gible for Medicaid, or Medi-Cal in the case of this young girl, they don’t get access to care, and the tragedy of that situation is that this young woman lost her life. Had there been healthcare where the parents weren’t terrified about what that bill would be, about how they might have to take out a second mort-gage, about how they would be bearing the burden of escaping the clutches of bill collectors, that person would have been able to get to a doctor in time to get limited care that would have taken care of what, at that point, was a very limited challenge. So I thank my colleague (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) for convening this here tonight. And the goal that I believe we should have in this country is to have a healthcare system where everybody is covered and everybody helps pay for that system and is about affordable, quality care where the emphasis is on the patient and on the taxpayer. By the way, this is not about making government run the healthcare. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.136 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3693 April 26, 2018 
the important thing to remember. If you are on Medicare or Medicaid or ObamaCare, you get to pick your doc-tor, you get to pick your hospital. This is about having the security of a sys-tem that works for you regardless of your income, regardless of your job status, regardless of your medical situ-ation. It works in all the other indus-trialized countries of the world; it can work here. By the way, the cost is starting to kill us. If we don’t start dealing with the cost of healthcare, it doesn’t mat-ter whether it is the taxpayer who is footing the bill, the employer who is footing the bill on behalf of his or her employees, or the individual trying to reach into his or her pocket to pay. We have got to bring these costs down, and an organized system without a broken market, I think, is the way to go. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. E
LLISON  very much, and I applaud him for his work. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, let me thank my colleague from Vermont for his comments. And if I can ask him a quick question. If we are already paying the most in the world per capita, why aren’t we getting the best healthcare outcomes? Mr. WELCH. That is really a good question. But that example about that pill going from costing $7.50 to $1,500 means that the owner of that pill—and Martin Shkreli is the guy who did it; he is now in jail—was able to corner the market and then just make people who absolutely have to have that medi-cation pay through the nose, and more than they can afford. That is an exam-ple. We have all of these stops along the way where private profit is the motive. The market is about profit; it is not about having a system that is going to work and be affordable. I think that is a big reason. Mr. ELLISON. That is a big reason. I want to thank the gentleman for his work. Let’s keep working on this. Mr. Speaker, we are talking about Medicare for All tonight, H.R. 676. Mr. John Conyers carried the bill all these years, and I’d like to thank him. But we are carrying the fight for-ward. It is important to note from the onset that I recognize, the Progressive Caucus recognizes, the Affordable Care Act made important steps, critical steps, for getting more people covered, and we must continue to fight for it. We have to protect the Affordable Care Act. We have to do what we can to defend it. There are people in our Con-gress who want to just get rid of it. But the truth is, it actually helped many people. It helped bring coverage to peo-ple who hadn’t had it. It helped bring real answers for families that needed it. But we can look further down the line. We can think about a system in which everybody pays and everybody benefits. We could look forward to a system like that. We can look to a Medicare for All-styled system where we can say healthcare is a right for ev-erybody. This is not something that should surprise anyone. Education is guaran-teed for everyone. Every schoolkid in America can go to a public school in the United States. b1830 Fire services—you don’t have to pay a separate contract to get the fire de-partment to put out your fire. If you live in the city and there is a fire, you can call them, and they will help you. They are paid out of the taxes that we all pay. The police department, public works—we have systems in our society now that we pay for through our taxes and other sorts of things that we do to afford these services. Healthcare, I be-lieve, is a service that we should look at in a similar light. A Medicare for All system would de-crease overall cost of healthcare for a multitude of reasons, but most impor-tantly, because it would allow the gov-ernment to negotiate decreases in the cost of care with service providers. I think that my good friend, P
ETER  W
ELCH , had an excellent example when it came to prescription drugs. There is a company called CorePharma that hiked the price of a DARAPRIM pill from $1 to $13.50 and watched revenues climb. In 2015, CorePharma sold the rights to DARAPRIM to Turing, which raised the price to $750. So in a system like that, of course, whatever somebody can make more money doing, they are going to do. And yet, we don’t have any real controls to make sure that they don’t do it. It is the kind of thing that we have to step forward and address. In 2012, for example, the average cost of coronary bypass surgery was more that $73,000 in the United States, but it was less than $23,000 in France. France has good healthcare. The world doesn’t deny that—$73,000 for a coronary by-pass surgery in the United States; $23,000 in France. A Medicare for All single-payer sys-tem would lower administrative costs and nearly eliminate spending for com-petitive advertising, which doesn’t really bring health to anyone. The U.S. spends about 18 percent of its GDP on healthcare, while Canada spends about 11
1⁄2percent on healthcare. The United Kingdom, Britain, Eng-land, Scotland, Ireland, Wales, the U.K. spends about 9 percent of its GDP on healthcare. Germany and France spend about 11 percent. We spend substan-tially more, and yet, we do not have the best outcomes in the world. We have to look at this system and wheth-er it is working for the American peo-ple. I just make this point because we really could join the rest of the world and have more affordable, more effec-tive healthcare. It is not only countries like Germany, France, and Canada that spend less and get better outcomes than the United States. It is also New Zealand, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, all have systems that are similar in style, and they cover more people and the people benefit from that. Our systems like Medicaid and Medi-care are some of the most popular sys-tems out there. People tend to like it. Now, I am not saying they are trouble- free, but anybody who thinks there is some program made by human beings that is going to be absolutely perfect all the time, of course, they are going to be wrong. But I guarantee you, I spent plenty of time in Montreal, Canada, Calgary, and I tell you, for all the Americans down south of the border who complain about Canadian healthcare, Canadians kind of like their healthcare. They don’t want to switch with us; neither do the people in England. We need A Better Deal, and we can have one if we were to move forward. Taiwan has a healthcare system that also is similar to Canada, New Zealand, Norway, and Denmark. We can do bet-ter than we are doing right now, and we should. As I mentioned before, Medicaid and Medicare are popular. These are pro-grams where people get the benefit of a healthcare system that is a system that we benefit from as a government of, by, and for the people, and millions of our constituents, from birth until death, benefit, and they support people with disabilities, having children, preg-nant women, and seniors. They are wildly popular, and they actually have pretty low administrative costs and es-sential to the stability of our country. It also makes sense that Americans must also support Medicare for All sin-gle-payer. Both a Harvard-Harris poll from 2007 and a 2018 Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that the major-ity of Americans support a single-payer healthcare system funded by the gov-ernment. Yet some folks in this body want to actually cut Medicaid. They want to cut—they want to drain funds from the Medicare trust fund. The fact is Americans all over this country, they think that many of our programs, whether it be the VA or Medicare or Medicaid, actually help a lot of people. These programs are pop-ular, and yet, we continue to have to fight to protect them every day. What if we just move forward instead so that more people can benefit from a program like a Medicare-style pro-gram? An expanded Medicare for All will create millions of good jobs. It is a program that would bring more people in; therefore, we need more healthcare professionals to cover folks, more nurses, more doctors, more nurse anes-thetists, more folks to keep folks healthy, even more exercise profes-sionals, because we know that in a good, solid, single-payer system, we would put an emphasis on preventative care and try to make sure people stay well, stay healthy. Let me just say that cost savings for individuals is an important factor here. Medicare fraud isn’t just a fringe idea that will help very few people. Medi-care for All is good for business and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.137 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3694 April 26, 2018 
good for people. A single-payer system would lift the significant financial bur-den from businesses that currently fund the healthcare insurance for their employees and would largely eliminate the financial burden of illness, a lead-ing cause of bankruptcy, and debt sent into collection. Even with the Affordable Care Act, which substantially helped 28 million people, or about 9 percent of the Na-tion, still remain uninsured. I am grateful for the Affordable Care Act. It made substantial advances, but we still can do better. A single-payer system is not just about ensuring that no person is unin-sured. It is also about making sure that nobody is underinsured. Many people are underinsured. They face costs associated with their insurance that they just can’t afford to handle, and that is also a substantial problem. Underinsured individuals are less likely to obtain healthcare when they need it. They skip doctor visits, they avoid filling prescriptions, and they are more likely to end up in medical debt. We can have a system that can help us avoid these problems. Medical debt is one of the leading causes of personal bankruptcy in the United States. If we were to set up a system that was focused more on health and wellness where we all could pay and then we can all benefit, it would make our society stronger, better financially and physically. Now, Medicare for All would actually help reduce income inequality. One of the problems of the society we live in now is that we have really historic record inequality. The rich and the top 1 percent are far more wealthy relative to the rest of their countrymen and women than has been the case since the Great Depression, since the Guilded Age. You probably have to go back to the time when the Great Gatsby was written to actually see the level of in-equality that we see today and marks the society that we live in. In a time when we are facing these record levels of inequality, a single- payer system can also help level the playing field and help working people make a better go at this economy. Medicare for All would make sure that everyone would have the same access and level of care, regardless of their in-come, their job, or the community that they live in. A Medicare for All system would mean that people would be able to cover their medications, cover their bills. It would mean that they would be able to get what they need. And if you compare this, what if we had a system—what if we did healthcare the way we do education, that you have to have a private—it is a private system and you couldn’t go un-less you could pay? The bottom line is that what we would end up with is a system that would be very unequal, educationally speaking. It would un-dermine our productivity. It would weaken our society. If we were to have a Medicare for All system that would help make sure that everybody had a basic health benefit, and it didn’t matter whether you had a job at the moment or not, didn’t mat-ter whether you—where you lived, then it would provide a platform for eco-nomic prosperity in the marketplace where people would work. This would also make our society more equal when it comes to oppor-tunity for people of color and racial minorities. Black and Hispanic Ameri-cans are more likely to be uninsured than others. The studies show a direct link between being uninsured and a higher mortality rate. By the way, when people have died with a higher mortality rate, they don’t just die. Often, they end up in the ER, which is one of the most expensive places to treat somebody. But what if they actually had the treatment that they needed, they had a regular doctor, they had the treatments they needed, they had ways to keep themselves healthy? African Americans and indig-enous people tend to have lower life expectancies than White Americans, experiencing higher rates in most major causes of death: infant mor-tality, trauma, heart disease, and dia-betes. Much of this is just related to the fact that healthcare access is not evenly distributed, and, therefore, the disproportionate impact is on people with the lower income. Rates of unemployment are higher among African-American men and women than their non-Hispanic White counterparts, and job loss is more prev-alent among minority groups. Getting employer-based coverage is not easy if you work a few part-time jobs you have to piece together rather than a solid full-time job. So what do people do when that hap-pens? You go without healthcare or you have gaps in your healthcare cov-erage, especially if you live in a State where things like expanding Medicaid are not preferred. If you are a Governor and your State legislature doesn’t want to expand Medicaid, then the chances that you are going to experi-ence these gaps in coverage and be un-insured are higher, and consequently, people’s health outcomes are worse. The U.S. healthcare system is ranked, when we look at it, among the worst among countries with advanced economies, despite the fact that we are among the ones that spend the most on healthcare. If we want to have more equality based on people’s different ra-cial backgrounds, if we want more op-portunity for all, regardless of their race but based on income, and we want to make sure that this is a country where a middle class person, a working class person can do better, then the fact stands true that we have got to move to a Medicare for All style sys-tem. Now, Medicare for All style system and drug pricing—very important topic to take up. We are one of the only countries in the world that doesn’t in some way regulate the cost of prescrip-tion drugs. We talked a little bit about this before, using the examples of DARAPRIM, but it just seems to me that if we were to move to a system, a Medicare for All style system, an ex-panded better system, we could find ourselves in a situation where Ameri-cans could actually start affording their drugs. While prescription drugs are not covered by Canada’s system, there are price controls for medica-tions, so prescription drugs are often cheaper than they are in the U.S. We have a drug pricing crisis in this country. American people know it. They live it every day. The worried parent struggling to pay their kid’s in-sulin, a senior living on a fixed income who takes arthritis medication, and millions of working people who have to take medication at some point or an-other in their life, they know that we have a system that is uncontrolled and out of control. In a recent Kaiser Family Founda-tion poll, over 50 percent of the people said that addressing this medication crisis would be one—should be one of the President’s and Congress’ top prior-ities. This should come as no surprise to us. A majority of Americans are using prescription medication. For too many folks, people have to choose between paying their bills and getting the medi-cine that their family needs. In fact, 92 percent of Americans sup-port the Federal Government negoti-ating lower drug prices for folks on Medicare part D. Medicare part D is a very unfortunate program where it is written into the law that we cannot ne-gotiate drug prices. This is an out-rageous thing, and for people dedicated to free-market principles, the fact that you couldn’t negotiate a price seems extremely ironic to me. It seems more like crony capitalism than free mar-ket. Eighty-six percent of Americans sup-port requiring drug companies to re-lease information on how they make their drug prices. I think, while that is certainly something that we should know, it is not particularly difficult to figure out. They price based on as much as they can get. And 78 percent of surveyed Americans support lifting what drug corporations can charge for drugs for illnesses like cancer. b1845 We must continue to fight to protect the ACA and fight for Medicare for All as a solution. We should, and we could, begin to tackle so many of our Nation’s problems if we had a shot at good health and stable healthcare. There is proof from our fellow wealthy nations that you can have a free market economy and you can have a national health insurance program that works. They are doing it in Can-ada; they are doing it in the UK; they are doing it in New Zealand; they are doing it in Taiwan; they are doing it in Norway, Denmark, and Sweden; and they are doing it all over the world. There is no reason why we can’t do it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.139 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3695 April 26, 2018 
here, other than some people want to benefit while other people actually suf-fer. There is an important debate going on in our country. There is an impor-tant conversation that we are having in communities all over. I hope that all across the United States, in church basements, synagogue basements, mosques, Quaker meeting rooms, VFW halls and union halls, in lodges and cof-fee shops all across America, wherever people gather, folks will get together and discuss our healthcare future as Americans. There is a better way, and I think that it is right in front of us. I was speaking about this issue with somebody who told me: Well, Keith, I mean, look, how are we going to pay for this? I thought that was an interesting question, given that we just passed a Republican tax bill that carved about $1.5 trillion out of Federal revenue over the next 10 years. Some people have es-timated it is even higher than that. Nobody was particularly worried about how we are going to pay for that. But the question is still a legitimate ques-tion. We do have to pay for things. I think that, if we look at the fact that about two-thirds of all the healthcare spending now is public spending, we are two-thirds of the way there now. We need to figure out how we are going to come up with the rest. People will see the healthcare expendi-tures that they are already making be able to be part of how we will pay this. But the other part is a legitimate ques-tion. I think that we can set out a system of a payroll tax or, perhaps, a tax on Wall Street trades. There are a number of things that we can do. And we also can squeeze costs out of the system. We know that simply because you have got multiple insurance compa-nies, multiple payers, that there is rampant waste in the system; and if we were to squeeze it out and we get effi-ciencies, we would be able to lower costs in the system. If we could control costs better, we would be able to have a world-class system, as other coun-tries have, with excellent health out-comes and be able to still pay for it. It is not beyond our reach. I can tell you that it has often been said that single-payer systems have long waiting lines. Well, not according to the data. One grant from the Com-monwealth Fund looks at what percent of adults can get a same-day doctor’s appointment when they are sick, counting systems like Canada, the United Kingdom, and the rest. And the fact is that in New Zealand, Germany, Australia, and the United Kingdom, people can get same-day doctor visits at a higher rate than in the United States. It is not the case that you have to have these long lines and you have to wait so long in every system. Of course, the U.S. system will be an American system. We will design it for our own purposes. But it simply is not true that a single-payer system will have longer waiting lines. It is just not the case. People will say this, but it is not true. The fact is that we need to have the debate. We need to have the discussion. We need businesses to say: Well, what would it mean to me if I didn’t have to pay health insurance out of my busi-ness expenses? Individuals have to ask: What would it mean if they never had to pay for copays, deductibles, things like that, if they could get eyes, ears, other types of coverages that they need, what would it mean if these things were pos-sible? How would it impact our econ-omy? Would it free people and allow them to be more creative and more in-novative? We have seen our country see a de-cline in small business development first in startups. Is this in part because people are locked into debt in jobs just so they can have insurance? I think there is certainly a possibility there. At the end of the day, we have got to have a dialogue about how we can bet-ter serve the American people. Other countries around the world are doing it, and it is time for us to move for-ward in that direction, too. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF FIRST LADY BARBARA PIERCE BUSH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members participating tonight may have 5 legis-lative days in which to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the topic of this Spe-cial Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege tonight to pay tribute to the life of a great Texan and a great American: Barbara Pierce Bush. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ), my colleague. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the gentleman for calling this Special Order hour to honor the life and legacy of his constituent, Barbara Pierce Bush, whom we lost last week. I am certainly proud to stand with my col-league from Texas to honor the life and the legacy of our former First Lady Barbara Bush. From Rye, New York, to west Texas, to the West Wing, Mrs. Bush served her family and her country with integrity, strength, and grace. She, indeed, was a member of the Greatest Generation and spent her life in service to others. It is incredible to reflect. She was only the second woman in our Nation’s history to be both the wife and the mother of a United States President. Mrs. Bush joined Abigail Adams in an exclusive club of those who have ad-vised our Nation’s Chief Executives long before they reached the Oval Of-fice. In her capacity as First Lady, Mrs. Bush used her influence to enact posi-tive change. Although her name was never on a ballot, the American people chose Mrs. Bush as a leader and as a role model. Just yesterday, the Energy and Com-merce Health Subcommittee marked up more than 50 bills that offer solu-tions to what is currently a significant crisis in our country dealing with deaths caused by opioids, a devastating epidemic that has touched literally every neighborhood in our Nation. Combating this crisis requires not only legislation, but compassion and under-standing. But years ago, in her work to help the most vulnerable, Mrs. Bush epito-mized such compassion. I actually mentioned this at the start of yester-day’s markup in committee. A signifi-cant part of Mrs. Bush’s legacy will al-ways be her simple embrace of a child with HIV/AIDS at a clinic at a time when the illness was not well under-stood and, I dare say, the illness was feared by most people in the country. This simple act, this simple embrace, to reach out and pick up a child at an HIV/AIDS clinic, helped to destigmatize HIV/AIDS in American culture. It was a seemingly small, but a powerful, gesture in 1989. Then Mrs. Bush paved the way for ac-ceptance of patients with HIV/AIDS, their families, and they were moved out of the shadows and could begin to look at treatment options. The world is vastly different today for the patient with HIV/AIDS because of that simple act of compassion evidenced by Mrs. Bush. As Congress now considers how best to end the opioid crisis and other human dignity issues before us, I hope we can remember and follow Mrs. Bush’s unwavering dedication to al-ways do what is right. I am certainly proud to join my fel-low Texan from Houston honoring his constituent tonight and expressing our condolences to former President George H.W. Bush and the rest of the Bush family and celebrating the won-derful life of former First Lady Bar-bara Pierce Bush. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those re-marks. Barbara Bush and George H.W. Bush do exemplify all of the greatest char-acter traits that made the Greatest Generation what it is and made this country what it is. It has been a privi-lege to represent the Bush family and to succeed George H.W. Bush in Con-gress, who was followed by Bill Archer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.142 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3696 April 26, 2018 
I succeeded Bill Archer. He was chair-man of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. He succeeded George H.W. Bush. The Bush family is revered na-tionwide and admired and revered by all of us in Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be joined tonight by my colleague from Dallas. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) to honor the life of Barbara Bush. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my appreciation for the leadership of Representative C
ULBERSON in setting this special time to give recognition to Mrs. Bush. We honor the life and legacy of First Lady Barbara Pierce Bush, a great Texan and a great First Lady, a re-markable woman. For her 92 years on this Earth until her taking her last breath on April 17, she demonstrated constant examples of radiant elegance, abundant courage, and brilliant intellect. When the news of her death was announced, people from every political party, religious faith, background, color, and creed mourned her with the Bush family. She transcended the differences that are all too often exploited and gave us a living example of goodness that can bring people together as human beings. During times of trouble in the adminis-tration of both her husband and her son in Washington, she remained a beacon of hope, standing firm against the most horrific of storms. Even those who vio-lently disagreed with the policies of both Presidents found comfort in the wisdom and compassion of Mrs. Bush. I always admired Mrs. Bush’s cha-risma, her true patriotism, and the leadership she demonstrated in advo-cating for stronger literacy programs. As our Nation’s First Lady, Mrs. Bush made sure our young people were bet-ter off through her commitment to charitable causes and passion for serv-ice. She was a strong advocate for both civil and women’s rights and policies during her husband’s administration, which spoke volumes to her character and the legacy she leaves behind. Four living Presidents, including her husband and her son, paid homage to Barbara Bush at the memorial service celebrating her life and legacy. Nearly 1,500 friends and admirers came to be with the Bush family and to say good- bye to a woman who had befriended many of them. Hours after the internationally tele-vised service concluded, she was laid to rest in a grave located on the grounds of the George Bush Presidential Li-brary and Museum in College Station. She was buried next to her daughter, Robin, who passed away from cancer when she was just 3 years old. We all have been blessed to bear wit-ness to a truly exceptional woman who embodied what she believed: those who have been blessed with abundance have a responsibility to assist those who were not as fortunate. There are many whose lives were en-hanced by the service, graciousness, and the love that First Lady Barbara Bush carried in her heart and soul. Mrs. Bush took pride in her family and taught them to love and serve oth-ers. I hope her family can take solace in knowing that she is in a better place watching over them. All of us will miss Barbara Bush. Her truthfulness, her fairness, her elegance, and her passion. The Nation and the world is a better place because she lived amongst us, giving all that she could without malice or animosity. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, my colleague is right. All of America is better because Barbara Bush has lived. All of us are better people for having known and admired Barbara Bush. She has been a source of inspiration to me, as I know she has been to my colleague from Dallas and the millions of Ameri-cans. People from all over the world poured into Houston to celebrate her life and to pay tribute to her as she lay in repose at St. Martin’s Episcopal Church, people from all walks of life. b1900 As my colleague, Dr. B
URGESS , said, she, in a very simple gesture, with a patient who was ill with HIV, broke down the stigma that people felt, the fear people felt that HIV might be con-tagious. Barbara Bush just acted in-stinctively, as she always did, with courage and compassion, in hugging that young man that was ill and dem-onstrating to the world that no one needed to fear people who were ill with HIV. And now that disease has been contained and rolled back. It is a treat-able condition. She devoted her life to, as my col-league from Dallas said, helping those who were less fortunate. Barbara Bush was born in 1925, June 8, in New York City. And as my col-league, Dr. B
URGESS said, she was one of only two women in American his-tory who was both a wife and a mother to a United States President. She was the wife of the 41st President, George H.W. Bush; and mother to the 43rd President, George W. Bush. Barbara was only 18 years old when she married George Herbert Walker Bush in 1945. They had six children to-gether over the course of their mar-riage. As First Lady, she is best remem-bered for her untiring advocacy for uni-versal literacy, and she founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy. She first met George at a Christmas dance in Connecticut in 1941 when she was 16 and he was 17. George Bush asked a friend if he knew Barbara, and the two were officially introduced, but when the waltz began to play, they sat out the dance, because he did not know how to waltz. So they just spent their time getting to know each other. As they spent more and more time together and fell in love, shortly after George’s 18th birthday, they both be-came each other’s first kiss. Their engagement was officially an-nounced in the newspaper in December of 1943. George was on leave during Christmas as a Navy pilot, and they were reunited over that Christmas in 1943. Two weeks later, on January 6, 1945, George and Barbara were married. Barbara Bush told Time magazine in 1989 that: ‘‘I married the first man I ever kissed, and when I tell this to my children, they just about throw up.’’ While George was away at war, the two wrote letters to each other as their only means of communication. They were deeply and passionately in love, and she kept her sense of humor right to the very end. In a letter to Barbara, George wrote, during the course of the war, he said: ‘‘I have climbed perhaps the highest mountain in the world, but even that cannot hold a candle to being Barbara’s husband.’’ In another letter dated December 12, 1943, George wrote to his darling Bar about his happiness in reading their en-gagement announcement in the news-paper: ‘‘I love you, Precious, with all my heart. And to know that you love me means my life. How often I have thought about the immeasurable joy that will be ours some day, how lucky our children will be to have a mother like you.’’ This letter was released shortly after her passing. She was an extraordinary woman, an inspiration to all of us. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). I am honored to be joined tonight by my col-league from the 22nd District of Texas. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend from Texas Seventh, J
OHN C
ULBERSON , for hosting this Special Order. And that is a special word, ‘‘Special Order,’’ because this is a very special lady, Barbara Bush. Her husband, George H.W. Bush, and Barbara Bush were not native Texans, but they got there as fast as they could. The President embraced Texas right off the bat. He became involved in the oil and gas industry, black gold, Texas tea in those days. His wife, Bar-bara, became the epitome of a Texas woman, a straight shooter, what you see is what you get; black, white, no gray; family, family, family; love, love, love. I will share two stories about her and her husband that show how much they loved life and what a great sense of humor they both had. First of all, in 2000, their oldest son, George W. Bush, was elected to become our 43rd President. Only two families in our country’s history had a woman who had a husband and a son elected to the White House: the Adams family and the Bush family. Remember all this controversy, hanging chads, Florida, Florida, Flor-ida. They persevered, and George Bush was elected our President. Naturally, the reporters were excited. They ap-proached our First Lady and said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.143 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3697 April 26, 2018 
‘‘Mrs. Bush, in your heart of hearts, your wildest dreams, did you think one of your sons could become our Presi-dent, hold the same office that your husband had for 4 years?’’ Barbara, being straight-talking Bar-bara, said, and I am paraphrasing: Yes, sir. My boys watched their dad achieve the highest office in the world. They knew what it took. It took determina-tion, focus, friends, faith. My sons saw that in their father. They knew what it would take, and so, yes, I thought one of my sons could become our Presi-dent.’’ Of course, then she gave the coup de grace, the classic Barbara Bush. She said: ‘‘I have to be honest with you, though. I thought it would be my smart son,’’ meaning Jeb Bush, not George W. That comment was done out of true love, and that is what Barbara Bush was all about. One other story about the President and their family. President Bush, as he got older, loved to skydive, Bush 41. When he turned 90, he skydived in Kennebunkport. He had pretty bad Par-kinson’s. He couldn’t walk. When he landed, he kind of fell over and did what is called a face-plant. Friends up there told me that Bar-bara was on our President for days be-fore the jump saying: ‘‘Do not do this. You are 90 years old. Don’t jump out of a plane.’’ But President Bush had said, when he turned 85, he would do it when he was 90. He kept his word. You see the video. Barbara came down there, hugged him, kissed him, picked him up, loved him. Back at the house, it wasn’t quite the same. Apparently, she said over and over: ‘‘You old man. I told you not to jump out of a plane. Look at your face. Your face is all cut up. Never ever do this again. It won’t happen.’’ Of course, the President smiled and said, ‘‘I love you,’’ and then moved on. The next story about their love, their true love, came from their photog-rapher back home in Houston, Texas. This man has been with the family for at least 40 years. The Bushes come in there every year for a big camera shoot. The photographer said: ‘‘It is getting kind of tough. The President has bad Parkinson’s. He can no longer stand. That means for these shots, I have to have him sit in his wheelchair.’’ And he hates that chair. If that chair pops up in a picture, he tears the picture apart. So how does he deal with that fact of our President’s attitude with his wheelchair? He turns to the First Lady, who is 90 years old, and works her hard. They have to have the same height differen-tial. He is about 6 feet tall, she is some-where around 5–7, 5–8. He is above her. So in the shots with him in that chair, she has to be below him. It means she is squatting down. She is 91 years old and squatting down for a picture, in picture after picture. The photographer told me, ‘‘I moved her up to the left, had her squat down, to the right, back, left, over and over and over,’’ a true workout for any human being, but especially a woman who is 90 years old. And then he started laughing and said, ‘‘Our President and his wife are still in love.’’ How did he know that? At least 10 times during the course of that shoot, as our First Lady walked in front of our President, she would stop and say, ‘‘Stop that, George. Stop that. Stop that, George.’’ We all know what President Bush was doing with his beloved wife: He was saying ‘‘I love you’’ in the way that only Naval aviators can say. That love resulted in a marriage for 73 years. And while Barbara left us last week, that love is still going strong. Barbara Bush, President George H.W. Bush, and the entire Bush family, on behalf of the 850,000 Texans I work for in Texas 22, thank you, thank you, thank you for your example, your life, your patriotism, your love, and your family. The world is a better place because of Barbara Bush. God bless her. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. CULBERSON. America is a far better place because Barbara Bush lived. She has been an inspiration to all of us. George H.W. Bush has been a leader in Texas. He started out his career as the Harris County Republican Party chairman and was elected to Congress in 1966, and a new district was created on the west side, the Seventh District. When George Bush came into this House Chamber, he was assigned to the Ways and Means Committee. He served on the Ways and Means Committee for two terms. Then he ran for the United States Senate in 1970, and he ran against Lloyd Benson in that race, and then he moved on to become the United Nations Ambassador. Then George Bush’s successor in Con-gress, Bill Archer, who was elected in 1970, went on to become chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Chair-man Archer served there from 1970 to 2001, when it was my privilege to suc-ceed Bill Archer. And I joined the Ap-propriations Committee. Right now, I chair a subcommittee. The United States is very, very fortu-nate in that another Texan has stepped up to serve as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, Congressman K
EVIN BRADY , who joins us here to-night. He represents the Woodlands and the Eighth Congressional District. As chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, he just successfully passed the largest tax cut in American his-tory, which is already doing remark-able things to rejuvenate the American economy and to restore immense pros-perity to this Nation coast to coast, something that I know George and Bar-bara Bush are immensely proud of. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ). We are honored to have him join us tonight in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman CULBERSON not just for his leadership of this special tribute to Barbara Bush, but for keep-ing the legacy of President Bush and the Bush family alive in the eastern re-gion in the district that he rep-resented. Mr. C
ULBERSON has now worked his way up into such a key position for our region, our State, and our country, ad-vancing space in such a major way for the world, in my view, and then leading the effort for Hurricane Harvey relief, a record $146 billion for Hurricanes Harvey, Maria, Irma, and some of the wildfires in California, all of which are the largest amount of disaster recovery and really the first prevention funds to help rebuild the levees and the dams, and all that can prevent these floods. I thank the gentleman for his leadership in that. b1915 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Barbara Bush. Our country mourns the loss of a truly incomparable First Lady. For many of us, Barbara Pierce Bush is the original ‘‘thousand points of light’’ by her urging, her applauding, and, at times, insisting that we should all live up to higher standards when it comes to family, honor, and duty. Barbara Bush deserves to be honored because of her dedication to making our world a better place, specifically, through her work as an advocate for adult and child literacy. The Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy, the leading advocate for family lit-eracy in America, will continue her great work to give children and parents the skills they need for a brighter fu-ture. I had the honor of representing Texas A&M at College Station when the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library was dedicated. It is a remarkable li-brary in so many ways, as is President Bush and the First Lady. But it was, to me, remarkable how much time and access the President and Barbara Bush gave to the young people of College Station and the re-gion, bringing in leaders from around the country and the world; having deep discussions about freedom, about faith, about family, about leadership and service, all the things that made the Bush family so special. One time, early on a Saturday morn-ing, I was driving up to College Station to interview our applicants for West Point and the Naval Academy and the Air Force and Merchant Marine. We were doing it at the Corps of Cadets Center at Texas A&M. It was really early on a Saturday morning. So we were on 290, and I am not real-ly paying attention. I look up and I see this bluish green car just up ahead of me, and I notice the license plate says: ‘‘Read 1.’’ I thought, Read 1; that is amazing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.145 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3698 April 26, 2018 
So as we drive past her—I may have been pushing the speed limit a bit—I noticed that famous white hair, and it was Mrs. Bush driving up to the library on a Saturday morning for some work or the other, probably focused on fam-ily literacy. The Bush family is simply adored in Texas, and especially in the Houston region, for so many reasons. I had a chance, as Congressman C
UL-
BERSON talked about, to be able to fol-low on the Ways and Means Com-mittee, the seat that President Bush once held, that Chairman Archer once held, and now that I have the privilege to hold. So I always feel like I have a duty to uphold his standards, his leg-acy, his commitment to honor and duty on our committee as well. When I won the seat on the Ways and Means Committee, President Bush reached out to say: Congratulations. Come down and visit. Then, when I was fortunate enough to succeed now Speaker P
AULRYANto chair the committee, his office called again and said: Come down. The Presi-dent wants to visit about Ways and Means issues. So I got a chance to visit with Mrs. Bush and the President, my good friend Chase Untermeyer, and others. We talked about tax reform and trade issues and Social Security and Medi-care. Mrs. Bush was in the thick of things in those discussions, and that is my last memory of being able to visit with her in person. Anyone who didn’t leave a conversa-tion with her better than when you started probably wasn’t paying atten-tion to the conversation. So we are blessed. It is a remarkable legacy she leaves for her family, for Texas, for the United States and, real-ly, for the whole world. So, surely, Heaven rejoiced as Mrs. Bush joined her Saviour, pearls and all. Thank you, Mr. Speaker, for blessing us with such a remarkable woman with a remarkable life and a remarkable family. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a resolution honoring the life of First Lady Barbara Bush. 
RESOLUTION  Honoring the life of First Lady Barbara Bush Whereas Barbara Pierce was born on June 8, 1925, in New York City; Whereas Barbara Pierce became engaged to George Herbert Walker Bush and, while awaiting his return from combat during World War II, supported the war effort by working at a nuts and bolts factory in Port Chester, New York; Whereas Barbara Bush was married to President George H.W. Bush for 73 years, and together they had 2 daughters, 4 sons, 17 grandchildren, and 8 great-grand-children; Whereas as Second Lady of the United States, Barbara Bush became a passionate champion for family literacy and published ‘‘C. Fred’s Story: A Dog’s Life’’, which raised $100,000 for Literacy Volunteers of America and Laubach Literacy Action; Whereas, in January of 1983, Barbara Bush joined the board of the Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta, Georgia, and worked with Dr. Louis Sullivan to help raise $10 mil-lion for the school’s first capital campaign; Whereas First Lady Barbara Bush founded the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy in 1989, and over the course of 30 years raised more than $110 million to sup-port family literacy programs in every State across America; Whereas while serving as First Lady, Bar-bara Bush visited facilities for AIDS victims and held infected babies and hugged adults, and in so doing, helped erase the stigma of that disease; Whereas, in 1991, Barbara Bush and other advocates worked for the passage of the Na-tional Literacy Act of 1991, which created the National Institute for Literacy and per-mitted the use of libraries and other munic-ipal property as evening literacy centers for adults; Whereas after leaving the White House, Barbara Bush continued to support a broad range of important organizations and causes, including AmeriCares, the Mayo Clinic Foundation, the Leukemia Society of Amer-ica, the Ronald McDonald House, and the Boys & Girls Club of America; Whereas three primary schools and two middle schools in Texas have been named for Barbara Bush, along with an elementary school in Mesa, Arizona, the Barbara Bush Library in Harris County, Texas, and the Barbara Bush Children’s Hospital at Maine Medical Center in Portland, Maine; Whereas Barbara Bush shares the rare dis-tinction with Abigail Adams of being both a wife to, and mother of, a President of the United States, and is also the mother of a Governor of Florida and a Governor of Texas; and Whereas Barbara Bush was a truly great American, First and Second Lady of the United States, literacy advocate, author, mother, and ‘‘Ganny’’: Now, therefore, be it: Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) extends its sympathies to the family of Barbara Bush; and (2) honors the life of First Lady Barbara Bush and her contribution to the United States of America. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, as George H.W. Bush’s successor, rep-resenting the Seventh District, as I said, I succeeded Bill Archer, I am keenly aware as well every day that I have the privilege of representing the Seventh District, that I have an espe-cially high standard to live up to, the Bush standard of absolutely impeccable integrity, honor, and consistency. The Proverbs tell us that our great-est possession on Earth is our good name, worth more than all the gold and the silver in the world. And by that measure, the Bush family—Barbara Bush, George Bush, the entire Bush family—are the wealthiest people on Earth. In a memoir that Barbara wrote in 1994, looking back on their 50-plus years of marriage, she wrote that George and she were ‘‘the two luckiest people in the world.’’ She said: ‘‘And when all the dust is settled and all the crowds are gone, the things that matter are faith, family, and friends. We have been inordinately blessed, and we know that.’’ According to their granddaughter, Jenna Bush Hager, Barbara and George gave thanks every night for their bless-ings and for each other in their pray-ers. Each night before bed, George H.W. still said, ‘‘I love you, Barbie,’’ to his wife, according to Jenna. When the Bushes first came to Texas, they settled in west Texas and went into the oil business. We are privileged tonight to be joined by the chairman of the Agri-culture Committee, the Congressman representing Midland and Odessa, the Bushes first home in Texas, the gen-tleman from west Texas, MIKECON-
AWAY . We are delighted to have him with us tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to come down here tonight to speak about Barbara Bush and the Bush family. As my colleague said, I represent Midland and Odessa, two communities that are linked to the Bush legacy through their living in Odessa for a while, then moving to Midland. George W. Bush and I were business partners in the oil business for about 5 years. So while I had limited or no di-rect contact with his mom, I got to see the product of her childrearing by working with him on a daily basis for 5 years. Mrs. Bush brought to the table that incredibly terrific blend of being a woman who was strong but compas-sionate, loved her family, stunningly protective of her family, yet steel- willed when she needed to be; didn’t suffer fools well when they were doing things that she didn’t like, but did it with grace and dignity in ways that all of us should try to aspire to do it. They do leave a legacy in Midland. Midland still considers them their First Family. We have a museum in Odessa commemorating their home from when they lived in Odessa. We also have the Bush home in Midland that has been turned into a museum, and we are working hard to get that moved over to the Parks and Recre-ation Department so that it can be properly maintained and as a good ex-ample. But I don’t have a lot to say tonight that has not already been said, other than the fact that I am honored to be able to say these things and to just say that all of us should aspire to have the kind of legacy that Barbara Bush has left. She was a wife, a mother, a grand-mother, a great-grandmother. All of those things she did with incredible ex-cellence and style. But she was also her own woman and leaves that legacy as well, of what strong women can do; what they mean to the strength of a family; what they mean to a community that she lived in. Whether it was Midland or Houston or here in Washington, D.C., as First Lady, she did it the right way every time. And our Nation is better for hav-ing had her. I suspect that Abigail Adams has welcomed her with open arms, as being the only two women to be the wife of one President and a mother of another, and that is a pretty select group that Mrs. Bush and Abigail Adams, both of whom have had great impacts on the legacy of this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.147 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3699 April 26, 2018 
Again, thank you, Barbara Bush, for all that you did. I know her family grieves, but it is a bittersweet grief, knowing that a life lived really well for 92 years is something to be very proud of. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman C
ONAWAY very much for his comments. When Barbara and George lived in the Midland-Odessa area early in their marriage is when they lost their daughter, Robin. It, of course, is an un-imaginable and unbearable loss to lose a child. But Robin was carried away by leukemia, and the Bushes devoted much of their lives to raise money for leukemia research, to defeat that ter-rible disease, to raise awareness of the disease, to give hope to others; because when they lost Robin in 1953, there wasn’t really anything the doctors could do. It is a great tribute to them both that they were so heavily involved in helping to raise money for cancer re-search to fight leukemia through the Texas Medical Center. MD Anderson, one of the greatest cancer hospitals in the world, is located in the Texas Med-ical Center on the edge of my district, and it has been my privilege as the chairman of a subcommittee on Appro-priations to spearhead record increases in funding for the National Institutes of Health to help fight childhood can-cers like leukemia. The Bushes were an integral part of that. They have done immeasurable good in so many ways and touched so many lives and inspired so many people all over the United States and throughout Texas. I know that all of us in the Texas del-egation, all of us across the country, are praying for the Bush family and share in their grief. But we also have the sure knowledge that Barbara Bush is in a better place; that she has been reunited with her daughter, Robin, and that she was at peace. Mr. Speaker, we are honored tonight to be joined by my colleague from Houston, Congresswoman S
HEILA JACK-
SONLEE, who joins us here tonight to pay tribute to the life of this remark-able and extraordinary First Lady, Barbara Bush. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Houston for yielding, and I would like to address all of us on the floor tonight as my fellow Texans. That was a favorite of George W. Bush, the son of Barbara Bush, when he would greet us during his Presidency, which I had the privilege of being here in the United States Con-gress, and he would always greet me as his fellow Texan, and how proud we are to be able to call President George H.W. Bush and the extended family, and his wonderful First Lady, the ma-triarch, the first girlfriend, if you will, and as has been told over and over dur-ing the time of her memorial, the first man that she kissed. How proud we are to call both of them our fellow Texans. Now we are standing here today to mourn Barbara Pierce Bush. And as I do that, let me, first of all, acknowl-edge President George H.W. Bush, and wish him a speedy recovery for him to regain his strength; for all of us watched as he sat in the viewing of her repose on that Friday, as he came and sat and remained for a period of time to greet the many people that came to honor her during that viewing. I was one of those who had the privilege to go and to pay my respects on that day. But again, they are one of America’s greatest families, although Barbara Pierce Bush would never acknowledge that by her attitude or the way she ad-dressed people. She was just Mrs. Bar-bara Bush, a very humble but strong and firm and straightforward First Lady. Barbara Bush was a descendant of the 14th President of the United States, Franklin Pierce; the wife of the 41st, George Herbert Walker Bush; and the mother of the 43rd, George W. Bush. Of course, she finds her place in his-tory for many, many reasons; but, of course, we take note of the fact there was only one other woman who was both the wife and the mother of a President of the United States, Abigail Adams. So that is a very high-ranking and honorable place to be. Barbara Bush, the widely admired and fiercely loyal wife, mother, and grandmother, was born in Rye, New York, but she got to Texas as soon as she could. She met a dashing young George Herbert Walker Bush in Green-wich, Connecticut, at a school dance when she was 16 and he was a year older. What an amazing story. In fact, what an amazing love story. Three years later, Barbara Bush mar-ried her sweetheart, and their love lasted for 73 years. I remember, as we mourned her last weekend, over and over again, the commentators would say, 73 years of marriage. That, alone, is a historic tribute to integrity and the beauty and the love of both of them. And, of course, they were mar-ried until she departed in death. George and Barbara raised their fam-ily from west Texas to Houston. Of course, we know that he was a war hero and a remarkable set of action that he saw in World War II, and a miraculous recovery from when his plane fell, and, as well, miraculous in the fact that he survived; but, more importantly, the actions that took place as he pursued the enemy. He truly was a hero as well. b1930 Barbara Bush was plainspoken, but she had that wonderful white hair, pearl necklace and earrings. And so many in Houston, on the day of both her funeral and as well the day that we viewed her remains at St. Martin’s Episcopal, as she lied in repose, she was there, and we were wearing pearl neck-laces and earrings, just to be able to say she is someone that we admired, not for those external things, but for the goodness of her heart. She was an early supporter of the civil rights movement, the equal rights movement, and we repeated over and over again that very famous story of her going to an AIDS clinic and pick-ing up a baby and hugging and touch-ing those individuals who were HIV in-fected, to let the world know that they needed love and comfort, and that we needed to fight for the cure and to rec-ognize the humanity of those who are suffering from HIV/AIDS. Certainly she loved literacy, and that became one of her major efforts, and that is where, during her time in Hous-ton, I would see her—often with her son Neil Bush—efforts dealing with lit-eracy. Her work and dollars came to places way beyond where she might expect them. Certainly a lot of work on lit-eracy was done in my congressional district. Barbara Bush raised more than $1 bil-lion for literacy and cancer charities. And as my colleague has indicated, it was both in tribute and in recognition of the devastation of childhood cancer, leukemia, which she lost her firstborn to. Barbara Bush recognized that edu-cation was the key that unlocked the door of human potential, and so her foundation, again, as I indicated, fo-cused on family literacy. I have met people who, through her literacy program, were able to restore their lives and to secure employment because they were then able to move forward because they learned to read. And, unfortunately, they learned to read after they finished all of their education. She understood the value of that. As they came back to Houston, we were delighted to call them Houstonians, and as well we recognize what a valuable couple they were to us. And anything you asked them to do, from being with the Texans and sup-porting them and rooting them on and being with the Astros or the Rockets or any of our teams or any of our univer-sities or anything that was needed, they were there. So I am always amazed at the breadth and depth of Barbara Bush; how many people she touched, how many people loved her, how many peo-ple stood in line just to pay their re-spects. We know her book with her dog, Millie, and her puppies, written during her White House years, was a best sell-er, as were her other books. And all of it was donated to charity. We also realize that as she and her husband ended their service—and, by the way, she was by his side for being the representative in China, for being the CIA director, for being the Congressperson that previously over-lapped the 18th Congressional District. Many of my constituents were his con-stituents, and so we have had a full cir-cle of their wonderful service to this Nation. On a personal note, I want to offer my tribute from my husband, Dr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.148 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3700 April 26, 2018 
Elwyn C. Lee, because as a young man growing up, it was the Bush family who helped him go to Andover and opened his eyes to go to the same school that Mr. Bush, H.W. Bush, went to, and his years of finishing high school. We know that when we got married, we received a gift from the Bushes. We just couldn’t even imagine it, that they would even remember us. We sent them an invitation, they remembered, and they provided us with a very special gift. They are very, very special people, and I speak in present tense because her spirit continues to thrive, and we are reminded of the charity, the love, and the standard bearer that she was for what is great about America. We know that she is survived by her husband, their children—George, Jeb, Neil, Marvin, and Dorothy—and that, as has always been said, she will join her firstborn Robin at her final resting place. It is important to pay tribute to such a wonderful American, such a wonder-ful woman, and to be able to thank her for teaching us and to remind us what is important in life, and it is family, friends, and faith. Thank you, Mrs. Barbara Pierce Bush. May you rest in peace, but let it be known that we will never forget your spirit, your strength, and what you did for America, and you gave it to us straight: Family, friends, and faith. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in remembrance of Bar-bara Pierce Bush, the matriarch of one of America’s great families, and former First Lady of the United States. Barbara Bush was a descendant of the 14th President of the United States, Franklin Pierce; the wife of the 41st, George Herbert Walker Bush; and the mother of the 43rd, George W. Bush. Barbara Bush, the widely admired and fiercely loyal wife, mother, and grandmother, was born June 8, 1925 in Rye, New York. Barbara Pierce met the dashing young George Herbert Walker Bush in Greenwich, Connecticut at a school dance when she was 16 and he was a year older. Three years late Barbara Pierce married her sweetheart and their love lasted for 73 years, until she was departed from her beloved by death. George and Barbara raised their family mainly in West Texas, where they settled after the end of World War II and where the future President went into the oil business. Barbara Bush was a plainspoken woman who was instantly recognizable with her signa-ture white hair, pearl necklaces, and earrings. Mrs. Bush was an early supporter of the Civil Rights Movement, Planned Parenthood, the Equal Rights Amendment, and was a tire-less champion of many charitable causes, es-pecially literacy. Barbara Bush raised more than $1 billion for literacy and cancer charities. Barbara Bush recognized that education was the key that unlocked the door of human potential. Literacy was Barbara Bush’s special cause, which led her to establish the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy. Shortly after the end of her husband’s presi-dential administration, the Bush Family re-turned to Texas, and all Houstonians were lucky to call her and her husband, George H. W. Bush, the 41st president, our neighbors and dear friends. Barbara Bush’s books include an autobiog-raphy and one about post-White House life. Her children’s book about their dog, Millie, and her puppies written during her White House years was a best seller, as were her other books. In 2001, when George W. Bush took office, Barbara Bush became the only woman in American history to live to see her husband and son elected president. Barbara Bush lived a full life and will be re-membered in American history, alongside only Abigail Adams, for the impact her life had on this country. Barbara Bush is survived by her husband and their children George, Jeb, Neil, Marvin, and Dorothy. She will join her first born, Robin at her final resting place. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of Barbara Pierce Bush, the Former First Lady of the United States. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Houston for joining us tonight to honor the life of this great woman, Barbara Pierce Bush, who, as my colleague mentioned, was a national leader in literacy, fo-cused her efforts as First Lady on building literacy in the United States, and, in fact, in a televised event, an event that really, I think, symbolizes who Barbara Bush was and how big her heart was and the way she treated ev-eryone that she met. It was an event celebrating the bicen-tennial of the Constitution where Bar-bara Bush met a man named J.T. Pace, who was a 63-year-old son of a share-cropper, who had only recently become literate and able to read. And he was scheduled to read the Constitution’s preamble out loud in front of a large audience, Barbara Bush instinctively understood that he was very, very nervous. She quietly slipped up alongside him and asked him if she could help him read it out loud while standing next to him. Mr. Pace was very grateful and said, yes, of course. And soon they went up on stage together and began reading out loud the preamble of the Constitu-tion. As Barbara Bush detected that Mr. Pace became more comfortable in read-ing in public, she continued to lower her voice until only his voice could be heard. And he suddenly realized that he was reading the preamble to the Con-stitution in front of this huge audience on his own. Well, it brought tears to his eyes be-cause Barbara Bush had stood along-side him, understood his fear and anx-iety, had lifted him up, and given him the confidence that he needed to com-plete the task, and allowed Mr. Pace to find his own voice. She was an extraordinary woman, and I feel humbled every day to rep-resent the Bushes, to be their Con-gressman, to follow in his footsteps, to follow in her footsteps, and to do my very best to live up to the very high standards that they set for all of us as Americans, and especially as public servants. Every day that I have this privilege, I remember the standard that she set for all of us, the standards that she set for her family. Her granddaughter, Jenna Bush Hager, explained why her Ganny was given the nickname ‘‘The Enforcer.’’ Jenna explained that there were a few simple rules that her grandmother fol-lowed: Treat everyone equally; don’t look down on anyone; use your voice for good; and read all the great books. Barbara loved her family more than anything else on Earth. As she liked to tell people repeatedly: In the end, when all the dust is settled, when all the crowds are gone, the things that mat-ter most are faith, family, and friends. She was abundantly blessed. In fact, her most prized possession was a paint-ed cow, because when her husband, George, saw that Barbara had swooned over the painted cow statues installed around Houston in 2001, he decided to surprise her with one. But as the former President paced a warehouse full of colorful works of cows painted by local artists with his longtime chief of staff Gene Becker, President Bush could not decide which one his wife would like best. So he bought a blank one, and, as he expected, Mrs. Bush turned it into a family art project. They had the white cow placed on the lawn of the family seaside home in Kennebunkport, Maine, and in the years since, she and George had each of their 5 children, 17 grandchildren, and 8-and-counting great-grandchildren decorate the cow with handprints and autographs, and it became her most prized possession because it symbolized their entire family and their deep bond of love and affection for each other. Barbara Bush taught that humor, wit, and grace were the best acces-sories that a woman could wear. Jenna Bush Hager shared that her Ganny em-bodied uniqueness and authenticity, from her mismatched Keds, her pearl earrings, to her snow white hair. Barbara Bush always stressed the im-portance of internal beauty because, as she said, your looks will fade, but your kind words and the way you make peo-ple feel will be remembered by people forever, and you are measured by the love of those around you and how you have loved them. Her family members stated that she was the glue that held them all to-gether. In a eulogy by her son Jeb, he stated that his mom was his first and most important teacher. She taught him to, ‘‘sit up, look people in the eye, say please and thank you, quit whining and stop complaining, and eat your broccoli.’’ The little things that she taught turned into bigger life lessons. ‘‘Be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.150 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3701 April 26, 2018 
kind, always tell the truth, never dis-courage anyone. Serve others, treat ev-eryone as you would want to be treat-ed, and love your God with all your heart and all your soul.’’ At Barbara’s funeral, Jeb Bush told a story of the last time his mother was in the hospital. He said that his father, in Jeb’s opinion, probably got sick on purpose just so he could go visit Bar-bara. When George went into her room, he had a breathing mask over his face, a hospital gown. His hair was uncombed—in fact, standing straight up—and as he walked into Barbara’s hospital room and held her hand, Bar-bara opened her eyes, took one look at him, and said, ‘‘My God, George, you are devastatingly handsome.’’ She kept her sense of humor and her perspective and her joy and love for her family right to the end. When Jeb asked her how she felt about dying, Barbara stated that she knew that Jesus was her Lord and sav-ior. She said she did not want to leave her husband, but she knew she would be in a beautiful place. We know that Barbara is now re-united with her daughter Robin, who passed away when she was 3 due to leu-kemia. And as George W. Bush said at the end of his mother’s life, although ‘‘Laura, Barbara, Jenna, and I are sad, our souls are settled because we know hers was.’’ We are all blessed as Americans, we are certainly blessed as Texans, as Houstonians, to be neighbors, to be friends, to have known this great good woman and this extraordinary family, the Bush family, that has exemplified everything that has made America great: integrity, duty, courage, com-mitment, self-reliance, religious faith, devotion to family, the benefits of hard work, and remembering that your good name is your most valuable possession worth more than all the gold and silver in the world. And truly by that measure, the Bushes are the wealthiest people on Earth, and we are all so very fortunate to have known them, to have learned from them, to be inspired by them, as I continue to be every day as the Con-gressman from the Seventh District of Texas. Every day that I represent this ex-traordinary district and these amazing people in Houston, who all stepped up and helped each other during Hurricane Harvey—and the Bushes were right there helping their neighbors and friends—every day that I have the privilege to represent this great city in this wonderful and amazing place, the Congress of the United States of Amer-ica, I will always remember the stand-ard of integrity that the Bush family left for me and for all of us. And I will work very, very hard to continue to make Barbara and George Bush and the Bush family and all Houstonians proud of my work on their behalf, because we are all abundantly blessed to have had Barbara Bush as First Lady, as a role model and a mentor, but we know that she is in a better place and is reunited with her daughter Robin. And as George W. said: We are all sad for the loss, but our souls are settled because we know hers was. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am hum-bled to honor former First Lady Barbara Bush—Barbara Bush had unparalleled style and grace. Not only was she our First Lady, but a fiercely loyal wife, mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother. As a fellow Texan, I am proud of her leader-ship for our country and her unparalleled com-mitment to childhood literacy. Her leadership while in the White House was impactful and her work for her foundation has helped count-less children. I had the pleasure of meeting Mrs. Bush on a few occasions and am sad-dened to hear of her passing. While she may no longer be here with us on earth, we can be certain she is with our Heav-enly Father—her memory will continue to live in the hearts and minds of the American peo-ple. 
f 
b1945 HONORING THE LIVES OF SER-GEANT NOEL RAMIREZ AND DEP-UTY TAYLOR LINDSEY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) for 30 minutes. Mr. YOHO. Madam Speaker, I rise this evening with a saddened heart to honor Sergeant Noel Ramirez and Dep-uty Taylor Lindsey of the Gilchrist County Sheriff’s Office, who tragically lost their lives in the line of duty on April 19, 2018, in a senseless, evil, and cowardly act, with complete disregard and respect for law enforcement offi-cers and life itself. While I no longer represent Gilchrist County here in Congress, my wife, Carolyn, and I operated two of our vet-erinary businesses there. It is the epit-ome of an idyllic American town that espouses the values of America, God, country, and family. Our thoughts are with the entire community as we re-cover from this tragedy. Sergeant Ramirez was born on June 30, 1988, in Brooklyn, New York. After graduating high school in Puerto Rico with honors, he began his career in law enforcement. During his service to the people of Gilchrist County, he played an active role in recruiting new members to the Gilchrist team to grow what he liked to call ‘‘the family’’ in the Gilchrist County Sheriff’s Office. He was a medalist in the First Re-sponder Games in both basketball and weight lifting, but more importantly than that, he was a loving and dedi-cated father and husband. He is survived by his wife, Gigi; their two children, Noel Lito and Zoey; along with his parents and family. Deputy Taylor Lindsey was born on June 30, 1992, in Gainesville, Florida, and graduated from Gainesville High School. Deputy Lindsey joined Gil-christ County Sheriff’s Office in 2013, where he began his lifelong dream to be a law enforcement officer. From a young age, he wanted to be a law enforcement officer, and he couldn’t say ‘‘patrol’’ so he called it ‘‘P-trol,’’ and he went on to fulfill that dream. He worked there for 3 years. While quiet at first, he was quick to laugh, and those who worked with him can tell you a favorite Taylor Lindsey story. Deputy Lindsey is survived by his parents, his family, and his girlfriend, Kristin Hite. John 15:13 reminds us there is no greater love than to lay down one’s life for their friends. Both officers gave the ultimate sacrifice and epitomized the meaning of service before self. Our lives and our community, our State and, in fact, our Nation are better be-cause of their service. Rest easy, gentlemen. We now have your watch. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. f 
NUTRITION PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 30 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, last week, the House Agriculture Committee marked up and approved H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. Along with the critical farm sup-ports, the farm bill also authorizes and provides funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, also known as SNAP, and formerly called food stamps. SNAP is the primary Fed-eral nutrition assistance program for those in need and ensures that no American goes hungry. As a young, married man, I saw the value and the importance that a Fed-eral nutrition program, such as SNAP, provided when times got tough. Com-ing from central Pennsylvania, I al-ways say that the worst part of grow-ing up in a rural area is that everyone knows your business. By the same token, the best thing about growing up in a rural area is that everyone knows your business. And when times get tough, neighbors always help neighbors in need. And that is how I think about SNAP. No matter if you lived down the long-est rural country lane or in the middle of New York City, SNAP is about neighbors helping neighbors. Despite the rhetoric that has been es-poused by some over the past few weeks and months about the nutrition title, I would like to discuss this im-portant legislation, what H.R. 2 actu-ally proposes to do to improve SNAP. Over the past 3 years, the Agri-culture Committee has held 21 bipar-tisan hearings on SNAP, while hearing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.151 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3702 April 26, 2018 
from 81 witnesses. We have done our homework. We have heard directly from those who are impacted the most. We also had not one amendment from my Democratic colleagues to the Nu-trition Title during the committee markup. It is a sad legislative process when not only do critics dismiss the 21 hear-ings, but they also fail to engage in the constructive amendment process to im-prove the bill where they see short-comings. Republican Members acted to improve this bill, introducing 20 amendments in committee. Let me address work requirements and job training. And, clearly, I think we can all agree that putting individ-uals on a path to prosperity, helping them get better access to what I like to call skills-based education, is the best way to assist an individual, to assist a family to achieve food security. I am hard-pressed to find anyone who would disagree with that. Much has been made by some about work requirements, though. These work requirements have been on the books as a part of SNAP and, pre-viously, the Food Stamp program since 1971, even though some States chose to waive them for many able-bodied adults who did not have dependents at home. In other words, some States have been circumventing work require-ments. I like to say it as circumventing pro-viding access to opportunity for the people who are the most vulnerable, the people who need it most, the people who are living under financial stress. Some States have been circumventing those work requirements for adults who are work capable and don’t have children for years. H.R. 2 strengthens and streamlines these work requirements for able-bod-ied adults. These folks are work capa-ble. This bill also makes a historic in-vestment into SNAP Employment and Training, and also an existing law, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, that this body, in a bipartisan manner a number of years ago, passed as a reauthorization to the Workforce Investment Act. By coupling these work requirements with job training activities, we can en-courage a pathway out of poverty and, quite frankly, a pathway to long-term self-reliance. While education and training and the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act already exist, H.R. 2 provides States with a significant investment: tools and options to move people forward, to provide people an opportunity for up-ward mobility. Upward mobility really is the Amer-ican Dream. It is a dream of oppor-tunity. And for too long, many have not had those tools within reach. H.R. 2 does some tremendous improvements to be able to restore that pathway to opportunity. For some people, it may be for the first time in their lifetime. This isn’t about burdening the States. It is about helping SNAP re-cipients. Those are people—our neigh-bors, our friends, our relatives—who are living in difficult, challenging fi-nancial times. Some of it is long term, may be living in poverty for genera-tions—intergenerational poverty. But for many, it is short term, as a result of bad luck or bad planning. Whether it is unemployment or underemployment, these individuals deserve an oppor-tunity to move forward and to move upwards. It is about helping SNAP recipients climb the economic ladder and closing the skills gap. We know that the skills gap, Madam Speaker, is all too real for so many Americans who wake up in the morning and are wondering how they are going to make ends meet, how they are going to pay bills. They see the job openings that are there, estimated to be close to 6 mil-lion today and growing, the number of jobs. I am not talking about jobs that require bachelor’s degrees, 4 years, or 6 years, or anything like that. These are jobs that largely require skills-based education. It may be a matter of supportive em-ployment, which, by the way, H.R. 2 supports, where you can actually start earning a paycheck by going to work to be trained through apprenticeships, supportive employment. These are jobs that require maybe a certification, some experience or on-the-job training. All that can lead to pathways to great-er opportunity. It is about giving the opportunity to poor people, the people who are living in challenging financial circumstances, folks that you would consider poor. It gives them the opportunity that they deserve to achieve not just food secu-rity, but economic prosperity. These new changes only apply to able-bodied adults who do not have children or dependents with disabil-ities. For children, it is for those under the age of 6. Therefore, the vast major-ity of SNAP recipients, children, the elderly, the disabled, pregnant women, or individuals with young children will not be impacted by these changes. People ages 18 to 59 who are able-bod-ied deserve a pathway to upward mobil-ity, Madam Speaker. We don’t provide them that today. But with these changes with the farm bill, with H.R. 2, we give them that hope, and we give them a pathway to upward mobility. There are challenges for different groups. We are talking about able-bod-ied folks who are ages 18 to 59. We all know folks who fall into that category. They may be family and friends and neighbors. Certainly, as Members of Congress, we all have constituents who have folks in those age groups that have fallen on hard times or are strug-gling financially, and they need food security. We provide that with H.R. 2, the farm bill 2018. But more impor-tantly, we provide them a pathway to opportunity through providing better access to more effective education and training. We recognize the challenges. For those who are 18 to 29, and especially depending on their life circumstances, you are just working your way into the workforce, it is extremely challenging, and there are issues that are out there that may have to do with transpor-tation. That is a fairly frequent one with younger individuals. Certainly, the lack of work experience, of being able to leverage what skills they have are, unfortunately, impacted by what skills they don’t have—that skills gap. With what we do with this farm bill, we actually guarantee a training slot for each one of these individuals across the country, and we require case man-agement. The case management that can be provided by those case managers helps people deal with those barriers that may be out there that stop people from making the most benefit out of the job training opportunities and the educational opportunities that will be provided. We are not talking about creating any new bureaucracies. It is about working with any willing and able partner that is in this business today, all of those agencies—called One-Stop Centers or CareerLink offices under the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act—that can help with this. It could be nonprofits. One of my favorite nonprofits that does just tremendous workforce devel-opment is Goodwill. They provide case management, and they have helped—I think the last number I looked at in 2016, they assisted over 300,000 people, some of them with special needs, to be able to get the skills to be able to fill that skills gap. And so we recognize the challenges of 18 to 29, but also let’s look at the other end of the spectrum of folks whom we consider work capable, 50 to 59. b2000 It is very difficult if you lose your job during that age group, for many reasons, to be able to break back into the workforce. Sometimes employers are just looking to hire folks a little younger who they can pay a lower rate, or are unable to pay for the wisdom and experience, unfortunately. I think investing in that wisdom and experi-ence is a good investment for employ-ers, but many can be reluctant to do that. So we know that those individuals also need some extra help of breaking back into the workforce. This bill does that. This bill provides them that op-portunity to have at least 20 hours of training a week. It also can be working 20 hours, and you wouldn’t do the job training. But for so many, helping them retool all that experience in that age group to be able to find a new opportunity, to be able to take all the experience that you have developed and break into that workforce, that group would benefit. Madam Speaker, let me talk about categorical eligibility. I know that some have also ques-tioned the proposed changes to what is known as broad-based categorical eligi-bility. We actually eliminate that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.153 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3703 April 26, 2018 
Under the current law, SNAP recipi-ents are deemed eligible by qualifying for a noncash TANF or State-funded benefit. What does that mean? Well, that means that if I hand you, literally, today—no matter what your income is, no matter what your assets are—if I hand you a brochure about SNAP benefits and you take that from me, that makes you SNAP eligible, even though your income may be very, very comfortable at supporting your needs and the needs of your family. If I provide you information and you exercise that information to call a SNAP hotline, an 800 number, that makes you eligible for SNAP benefits, despite that your income might be very, very comfortable and well above the income requirements to be SNAP- eligible. Why is that a problem? Because every dollar that is utilized inappropriately—and that is what hap-pens under those scenarios—takes food out of the mouth of people who are truly eligible, truly food insecure, truly hungry. We need to dedicate our-selves to making sure that every dollar is used appropriately. We don’t take all the efficiencies, certainly, out of the SNAP program. We actually retain two other categor-ical categories. One is based on cash as-sistance. But the bottom line, those other two categories, those two appli-cation processes, which are more effi-cient, absolutely—less paperwork, that is not a bad thing—but at the same time, we know that with these folks’ incomes and assets, they are SNAP eli-gible. We know that they are truly ex-periencing food insecurity. So, under this bill, categorical eligi-bility will remain for low-income households that are determined eligi-ble for cash assistance or ongoing serv-ices such as child care, transit, coun-seling. They are still in place. They are a part of H.R. 2. In short, SNAP recipients will con-tinue to receive benefits as long as they meet the modernized asset test limits proposed in the bill. Those asset test limits, by the way, are modern-ized. They are brought into the 21st century. They have been around for decades, and they have prevented truly hungry people who are experiencing food insecurity from being eligible for SNAP benefits. For the first time, we have changed that so the most vulnerable, actually, are able to save some money and have some money. We are not going to pun-ish them for having up to $2,000 in sav-ings. It is a big change. In terms of total assets, in the past, if your assets were $3,000, you were eli-gible for SNAP. At $3,001, we take the rug and pull it right out from under-neath you. We are going to take that to $7,000 and we are going to index it to inflation, Madam Speaker. For those folks who have a person who is an older adult, elderly, or a dis-abled person with a disability in the household, we are going to take that from $5,000 to $12,000. For people who are struggling finan-cially, paycheck to paycheck, right now what our government does under the current SNAP program is if you have a vehicle that is worth $4,650 or less, you are eligible. If it is $4,651 in value, you are not eligible. We pull the rug right out from underneath you. We take that to a $12,000 value, in terms of vehicles. Madam Speaker, I am very proud of what we have done for the first time. Really since the Great Society created these poverty cliffs, where we fixed those. We have taken those poverty cliffs away. We have indexed them to the Consumer Price Index increases so that they reflect the realities of what people are struggling with financially. Without this farm bill, without H.R. 2, those poverty cliffs will continue, Madam Speaker. It is time to end the poverty cliffs. Let me deal with reporting issues. The nutrition title has never been about money. In this whole process, we have never talked about the costs—we have looked at good policy—but, rath-er, providing good policy that provides the best food security for vulnerable individuals. That has been our goal, and that is what we have achieved with H.R. 2. The nutrition title has zero sum program funding, and the overall budg-et impact is neutral. You hear all these outrageous claims. And I don’t know where this political speak is coming from, although No-vember is coming. Election time is bearing down upon us, I guess, because there are some in this Chamber for whom it is all politics now. They will throw hungry people under the bus for the purpose of politics in November. We shouldn’t do that, Madam Speak-er. This is work that we all need to be very serious about. I recognize that every bill can be improved. I was very disappointed that some of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle here offered no amendments during the markup process, because I believe that they have got some great ideas. I would hope that they would work with us when we bring this to the floor in a couple of weeks. We will continue to refine this. There were some ideas that were mentioned, but more came in the form of criticisms and complaints during the farm bill markup in committee. It would have been better if it had been put forward in serious thoughts as amendments. A number of them I would have supported. But we have op-portunities to improve. That said, to help with program in-tegrity, there are also a number of pro-posals in the bill that will help combat waste and fraud. Waste and fraud in this farm bill is estimated to be annually in the neigh-borhood of $700 million. Madam Speak-er, do you know how many hungry chil-dren we could feed with that $700 mil-lion that is wasted or fraudulently taken and used by folks who aren’t eli-gible for the program? The impact that we could have with that $700 million would just be amaz-ing, actually, and the amount of folks who are experiencing food insecurity could find food security and they could find greater opportunity as a result of that. So the nutrition title does work to better serve eligible children and adults and older adults who are food in-secure by making program integrity improvements to prevent as much fraud and abuse as possible. Fraud and abuse of any amount takes food sup-port away from our most vulnerable citizens. Fraud and abuse, again, is es-timated to be $700 million annually. H.R. 2 addresses that. It incentivizes States, as they administer the SNAP program, to deal with it. All savings realized through the program integrity improvement are reinvested in nutri-tion title programs to better address food security. It is a win-win. Where States identify fraud and abuse, States will be able to retain 50 percent of the savings that they secure. Let me be clear, though: we expect them to invest that within the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, in order to further address the needs of their citizens in their States experiencing food insecurity. Today, we heard firsthand details from local law enforcement about alarming fraud that occurred in Jack-sonville, Florida, related to SNAP. Un-acceptable. I am so thankful the law enforcement in Florida have identified that, made those arrests, and are pros-ecuting. Between 2012 and 2017, there were some 22,000 fraudulent SNAP trans-actions that totaled some $3.7 million in taxpayer dollars. That is $3.7 mil-lion, Madam Speaker, that, if used ap-propriately and without fraud, would be able to meet the food insecurity needs of our citizens that are truly in need. They are at risk of hunger. These individuals created non-existent businesses and accepted EBT payments with no legitimate product in return. 198 individuals have been ac-cused of selling EBT benefits. Those are the electronic benefit cards that we use with the SNAP program today. Even worse, a number of these trans-actions involved the purchase and ex-change of illegal drugs. Again, as a strong supporter of nutri-tion assistance and helping those who are truly in need, this kind of activity is entirely unacceptable. We take measures. We incentivize States to be able to identify, stop, and recover that waste, fraud, and abuse. Again, we have them retain 50 percent of what they are able to get, but we require them to in-vest that back into making sure the food insecure people in our country— men, women, and children—do not go hungry. This kind of activity is en-tirely unacceptable and only under-scores the need for more accountability and modern reforms to the law. Madam Speaker, if I could inquire as to how much time remains. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.155 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3704 April 26, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, let me just deal with some of the rumor mongering that is happening within this Chamber. One of the things I hear is that the nutrition title of the farm bill results in a significant number of individuals from receiving SNAP. Frankly, Madam Speaker, that is absolutely false. Actu-ally, without this change, a significant number of families experiencing food insecurity will continue to not be eligi-ble for the needed nutritional support they have, being food-insecure fami-lies. The 2018 farm bill and nutrition title updates the archaic asset test that pre-vented hungry families from accessing SNAP for decades. In fact, Madam Speaker, many of these asset values have not been changed since the 1970s. We change them and we index them to inflation. This update to the asset test will allow individuals and families experi-encing food insecurity to have more in savings, assets, the value of their vehi-cle, without affecting their SNAP eligi-bility. Additionally, for Active-Duty mili-tary households, SNAP’s income deter-mination will, for the first time, pro-vide an exclusion of up to $500 monthly of their basic housing allowance. We have a number of folks serving Active Duty who are military and joined late in life and came with a spouse and kids. It is very difficult for them to live on what the salary would be of an entry-level member of our military. This is the first time that we address that issue in this farm bill, H.R. 2, that will be on the House floor in a few weeks. There is a criticism out there that the nutrition title creates an excessive and unneeded new government bu-reaucracy to implement the SNAP em-ployment and training. Madam Speaker, that is false. The farm bill nutrition title grants States the flexibility to provide services to best meet the needs of their State. While it provides an education and training slot for everyone who wants one, the States already have the springboard in place available through a combination of SNAP education and training, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, and State programs. Under this proposal, States are granted the flexibility needed to pro-vide services that best meet the needs of their States. There is no one-size- fits-all mandate. SNAP education and training leverages willing and able partners—I have mentioned many of those already this evening—One-Stop CareerLinks, community colleges, State human resources service. Also, local, State, and national employers, where someone who is food insecure and living in poverty could have the access to be able to do an apprentice-ship. They could go to work and be trained through this program. b2015 Finally, Madam Speaker, there are some who have said that more than a million people will come off SNAP over the next 10 years. It has been presented as a negative thing. We are talking about folks who will be coming off be-cause they have achieved greater op-portunity. We are talking about some folks who perhaps are on there just because they took a SNAP pamphlet or called an 800 number. And if those folks are truly el-igible, they just need to do the applica-tion; they show the income; they meet the asset test; and they will have SNAP. Those families, those kids, will not come off SNAP. They will have the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Part of those, though, that I think the CBO talked about are folks who truly do have a higher income and are really not eligible for this program, and those folks will come off if they choose not to fill out the application or they fill out the application and they are not eligible. But many of that mil-lion-plus that CBO talked about that will be coming off SNAP, it is because they have gotten good jobs; it is be-cause they have taken advantage of the education and training programs that we are now providing greater access to under this 2018 farm bill and, specifi-cally, the Nutrition Title. Helping our fellow citizens to be able to achieve greater opportunity, to achieve the American Dream, to pros-per, to have a living wage, that is not a bad thing. That is something that we should celebrate. Madam Speaker, we are going to bring this farm bill to the floor here in a couple of weeks. I hope all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle will take the opportunity to read it, to ac-tually see what is in it. I look forward to working with them to help in any way in terms of helping them with that process, and I look forward to success-fully passing farm bill 2018 out of the House of Representatives in the weeks to come. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and April 27. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 447. An act to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, April 27, 2018, at 9 a.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4689. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Joseph P. DiSalvo, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4690. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Harry B. Harris, Jr., United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list, pur-suant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96- 513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104- 106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 4691. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Kenneth E. Tovo, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4692. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the National Defense Stockpile Annual Materials Plan for Fiscal Year 2019, and for the succeeding four years, FYs 2020-2023 pursuant to Sec. 11(b) of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Pil-ing Act, 50 U.S.C. 98h-2(b); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4693. A letter from the Director, Division of Longshore & Harbor Workers’ Compensation, Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Longshore and Har-bor Workers’ Compensation Act: Maximum and Minimum Compensation Rates (RIN: 1240-AA06) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 4694. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designed Facilities and Pollutants; North Dakota; Control of Emis-sions from Existing Commercial and Indus-trial Solid Waste Incineration Units [EPA- R08-OAR-2017-0698; FRL-9976-58-Region 8] re-ceived April 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4695. A letter from the Management Ana-lyst, Office of the Comptroller, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Schedule of Fees for Consular Services, De-partment of State and Overseas Embassies and Consulates [Public Notice 9450] (RIN: 1400-AD71) received April 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP7.156 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3705 April 26, 2018 
4696. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the annual report pursuant to Sec. 2(9) of the Senate’s Resolution of Advice and Consent to the Treaty with the United Kingdom Concerning Defense Trade Coopera-tion (Treaty Doc. 110-07); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4697. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the Department’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4698. A letter from the Chief, Branch of DFS, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing the Black-Capped Vireo From the Federal List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife [Docket No.: FWS-R2-ES-2016-0110; FXES11130900000 178 FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018- BB79) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 4699. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Listing Policy and Support, Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing Textual Descriptions of Critical Habitat Boundaries for Mammals, Birds, Amphibians, Fishes, Clams, Snails, Arachnids, Crustaceans, and Insects [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-ES-2015-0008; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BA81) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 4700. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the For-tieth Hart-Scott-Rodino Annual Report, pur-suant to Sec. 7A of the Clayton Act, Hart- Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4701. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, U.S. Small Business Administration, transmit-ting the Administration’s final rule — Rules of Practice for Protests and Appeals Regard-ing Eligibility for Inclusion in the U.S. De-partment of Veterans Affairs Center for Verification and Evaluation Database (RIN: 3245-AG87) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 4702. A letter from the Reg. Dev. Coordi-nator, Office of Regulation Policy and Man-agement, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Revise and Streamline VA Acquisition Regulation to Adhere to Federal Acquisition Regulation Principles (VAAR Case 2014-V001) (RIN: 2900- AP50) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 4743. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–655). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2121. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to re-vise regulations to specify that certain funds shall not be taken into account when calcu-lating any supplementary leverage ratio for custodial banks, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–656). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5076. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to extend the examination cycle for certain insured deposi-tory institutions; with an amendment (Rept. 115–657). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BERA (for himself, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 5624. A bill to facilitate the efforts of States to establish auto-enrollment systems to enroll certain individuals in health insur-ance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BERA (for himself, Ms. K
USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 5625. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to align open enrollment periods for Exchange plans with the deadline for filing Federal income tax returns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , and Mr. L AMBORN ): H.R. 5626. A bill to amend the Intercountry Adoption Act of 2000 to require the Secretary of State to report on intercountry adoptions from countries which have significantly re-duced adoption rates involving immigration to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 5627. A bill to amend the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 to improve the environ-mental quality incentives program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H.R. 5628. A bill to establish a demonstra-tion program under which the Drug Enforce-ment Administration provides grants to cer-tain States to enable those States to in-crease participation in drug take-back pro-grams; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 5629. A bill to amend the Federal Crop Insurance Act and Food Security Act of 1985 to enact reforms to farm subsidies and crop insurance called for in President Trump’s budget for fiscal year 2019; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. C ROW-
LEY): H.R. 5630. A bill to amend the Clayton Act to clarify that an acquisition that tends to create a monopsony violates the Clayton Act; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. N
ADLER , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): H.R. 5631. A bill to prohibit employers from requiring employees to enter into covenants not to compete, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. N
AD-
LER, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. C ROW-
LEY): H.R. 5632. A bill to prohibit agreements be-tween employers that directly restrict the current or future employment of any em-ployee; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5633. A bill to repeal debt collection amendments made by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. R UTHER -
FORD , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. J OYCE  of Ohio, Mr. B
UCK, Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. S OTO, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. D ENHAM , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. L EE, Mr. I SSA, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. C
ORREA ): H.R. 5634. A bill to increase the number of manufacturers registered under the Con-trolled Substances Act to manufacture can-nabis for legitimate research purposes, to au-thorize health care providers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to provide rec-ommendations to veterans regarding partici-pation in federally-approved cannabis clin-ical trials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judici-ary, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5635. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to impose restrictions under the Medicaid program with respect to opioid prescriptions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. B
EYER ): H.R. 5636. A bill to designate additions to the Flatside Wilderness on the Ouachita Na-tional Forest, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. T URNER , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26AP7.000 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3706 April 26, 2018 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. N OR-
MAN, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mrs. H
ARTZLER ): H.R. 5637. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the unlawful dis-posal of fetal remains, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5638. A bill to improve the manage-ment of driftnet fishing; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LOEBSACK (for himself and Mr. M
ULLIN ): H.R. 5639. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to carry out a grant program to make grants for the estab-lishment or expansion of job training pro-grams for communications tower service, construction, and maintenance; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5640. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to allow schools that participate in the school lunch program under such Act to serve whole milk; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. S
CHRADER ): H.R. 5641. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to im-prove health care in rural areas; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): H.R. 5642. A bill to amend the Clayton Act with respect to mergers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5643. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of Energy from taking any action relating to the licensing, planning, development, or con-struction of a nuclear waste repository until the Director of the Office of Management and Budget submits to Congress a study on the economic viability and job-creating ben-efits of alternative uses of the Yucca Moun-tain site; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. T
AKANO ): H.R. 5644. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish the Veterans Eco-nomic Opportunity and Transition Adminis-tration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SCALISE (for himself and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H. Con. Res. 119. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. L EWIS of Geor-gia, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. R USH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H. Res. 849. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Office of Technology Assessment should be reestablished; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER ): H. Res. 850. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Workers’ Memorial Day, honoring workers who have been killed or in-jured in the workplace, and recognizing the importance of strengthening worker health and safety protections; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. PINGREE (for herself and Mr. P
OLIQUIN ): H. Res. 851. A resolution recognizing the Independent Transportation Network of America on the occasion of providing 1,000,000 rides to older and visually chal-lenged people of the United States; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. L OF-
GREN ): H. Res. 852. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 3, 2018, as a ‘‘Na-tional Day of Reason’’ and recognizing the importance of reason in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. TAKANO: H. Res. 853. A resolution calling upon the people of the United States to recognize International Chart Day on April 26, 2018, in celebration of charts and infographics of all types; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia): H. Res. 854. A resolution affirming a com-mitment to elevate the voices, leadership, and needs of historically and currently disenfranchised and underserved commu-nities in the effort to end sexual violence and support all survivors of sexual violence, in-cluding immigrant survivors, survivors with disabilities, survivors of color, survivors of child sexual abuse, and lesbian, gay, bisex-ual, and transgender survivors; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BERA: H.R. 5624. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BERA: H.R. 5625. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 5626. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5627. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 5628. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 5629. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5630. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5631. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 5632. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States, which states: The Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5633. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GAETZ: H.R. 5634. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5635. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26AP7.100 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3707 April 26, 2018 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5636. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needfull rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 5637. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Supreme Court’s Commerce Clause precedents and under the Constitution’s grants of powers to Congress under the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Enforcement Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5638. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5639. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 5640. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5641. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 5642. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5643. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 5644. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 233: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 350: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 490: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 502: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 545: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 681: Ms. C
HENEY . H.R. 756: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 757: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 771: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 889: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 913: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1017: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Ms. H
ANABUSA , and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 1057: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1212: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 1229: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. B ASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 1239: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 1270: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1316: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 1318: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 1405: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1406: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 1438: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1659: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1676: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 1683: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 1783: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1828: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 1836: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1902: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 1972: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 2069: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2079: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 2150: Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. E STY of Con- necticut, and Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 2152: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 2309: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2315: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. C AL-
VERT . H.R. 2317: Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. V ELA, Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY  of Florida, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. W ALZ, and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2319: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 2327: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 2345: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 2351: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 2392: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2417: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2495: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2566: Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 2797: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 2856: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2886: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2920: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 2996: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 3111: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3303: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 3331: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3378: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 3415: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 3545: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 3596: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C LYBURN , and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3605: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3642: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 3645: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 3692: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 3832: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 3875: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 3894: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3931: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 3980: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 4098: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4099: Ms. F
UDGE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. M EEHAN , and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 4229: Mr. V
ALADAO and Mr. G OOD-
LATTE . H.R. 4265: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 4379: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4426: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 4505: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4530: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4635: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. B OST, and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4691: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4693: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4742: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4747: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 4800: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4808: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4815: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
LAY, Ms. B ASS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. R
ICHMOND , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas. H.R. 4819: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. S
ANFORD , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 4825: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 4841: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4846: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 4897: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. R UTH-
ERFORD . H.R. 4916: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 4953: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 5047: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5121: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. K
IND. H.R. 5129: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut and Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 5132: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee. H.R. 5141: Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska, Mr. K
INZINGER , Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 5171: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 5191: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 5197: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 5199: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 5221: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 5241: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. T
ONKO , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 5244: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 5248: Mr. D
UNN, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. T HOMAS  J. R
OONEY of Florida, and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . H.R. 5282: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Ms. B
ONAMICI , and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 5291: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5292: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5329: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5337: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5339: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5353: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5383: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 5385: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 5414: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 5417: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 5510: Ms. N
ORTON and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 5512: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5517: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. B
ACON , and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 5526: Mr. M
ARCHANT and Mr. S AM J
OHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5547: Mr. N
UNES and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 5561: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 5572: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 5578: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 5593: Mr. V
ARGAS , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. S ABLAN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. G
OMEZ , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 5606: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 5610: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. G ALLA -
GHER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.058 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3708 April 26, 2018 
H.R. 5612: Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H. Con. Res. 13: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H. Res. 220: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H. Res. 274: Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART . H. Res. 307: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H. Res. 463: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Res. 763: Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. B AR-
TON, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. M AST, Mr. L
IPINSKI , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 774: Mr. S
TEWART and Mr. C
RAWFORD . H. Res. 789: Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M
OORE , and Mr. E MMER . H. Res. 825: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 835: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. E
NGEL . H. Res. 848: Mr. B
ERGMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP7.072 H26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2447 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 2018 No. 68 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, who made the light to shine in the darkness, shine now in our hearts. Forgive us for our trans-gressions in thoughts, words, and deeds, as You cleanse us from all sin. We thank You for Your many bless-ings, for music and laughter and poetry and color. Lord, strengthen our Senators. Pro-vide them with help in times of need, power for moments of weakness, and hope for the years to come. Lift our lawmakers above suspicion and fears so that they will be Your ambassadors of peace to our Nation and world. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATIONS AND THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week we confirmed yet another well- qualified nominee to the Federal bench. Now Kyle Duncan of Louisiana can get to work serving on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. His qualifica-tions are truly impressive, but his ster-ling reputation among colleagues and peers was an even greater testament to Mr. Duncan’s fitness. I am glad that the Fifth Circuit will benefit from his expertise. Speaking of well-qualified nominees, the Senate will vote today on the President’s choice for Secretary of State. We will consider an outstanding nominee. Fortunately, we have the votes, and later today we will confirm Mike Pompeo as our Nation’s 70th Sec-retary of State. We have been discussing Director Pompeo’s abundant qualifications all week. In a little over a year, the Sen-ate has had two opportunities to assess his considerable qualifications. Last January, a bipartisan super-majority of us saw fit to confirm him as CIA Director, and his performance in that role—exemplary by all ac-counts—has given us even more com-pelling cause to confirm him to serve as our chief diplomat. He has earned the trust and the con-fidence of the Commander in Chief by providing top-notch counsel on critical issues and helping to lead ongoing ef-forts to lay the groundwork for nego-tiations aimed at denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. Along the way, he deepened his reputation for fairness and discernment. I am glad President Trump has nomi-nated this distinguished leader to be America’s chief diplomat, and I am glad a bipartisan majority of Senators will vote to confirm him today. It is just too bad that Director Pompeo’s confirmation process has of-fered such a prime example of the his-toric partisan obstruction that my col-leagues across the aisle are visiting on the Senate. All fair observers agree that Mike is up to the job. Here is how the Washington Post—not known as a bastion of Republican thinking—titled their editorial, simply: ‘‘Confirm Mike Pompeo.’’ But despite all this, Democrats on the Foreign Relations Committee al-most took the unprecedented step of voting him out with an unfavorable recommendation. That attempt to play politics with our Nation’s security for-tunately failed. But even so, according to the Senate Historian, he became just the second Secretary of State nominee in recent memory to clear a committee by a margin of only one vote. The only other time that has hap-pened in all of the Senate’s history was also at the hands of Senate Democrats during the Trump administration. Once they got here on the floor, they were also the only two Secretary of State nominees in history who needed clo-ture to receive confirmation votes. Let me say that again. From the founding of the Republic until 2017, the Senate never required cloture to con-firm a Secretary of State. Now we are at two, both in this administration. I guess Senate Democrats are in a his-tory-making mood, because over the past 15 months, they have embarked on a partisan campaign to block, obstruct, and delay President Trump’s nominees that is, quite simply, without prece-dent in American history. Let’s put things in perspective. In the first 2 years of the last 6 Presi-dencies combined—the first 2 years of the last 6 Presidencies combined—the Senate subjected nominees to a total of 24 cloture votes during the last 6 Presi-dencies during the first 2 years—24 clo-ture votes. Add up President Carter’s first 2 years, President Reagan’s first 2 years, and so on, through Presidents Bush, Clinton, Bush, and Obama and there are 24 total cloture votes on nominees. For President Trump? There are 88 and counting, just 15 months into his term. By the end of the day, it will be 90—90 cloture votes on nominees. This is partisan obstruction elevated to an art form, and every one of us has seen it firsthand. It is not just high-profile nomina-tions. Scores of unobjectionable choices for all kinds of posts have lan-guished on the Senate calendar. It took 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.000 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2448 April 26, 2018 
months and months and several deadly accidents to persuade Senate Demo-crats to stop obstructing a fully quali-fied nominee to lead the Federal Rail-road Administration. Or take the example of district court judges. With only one exception, we have had to file cloture on every single district court nominee. It doesn’t mat-ter if every Democrat on the Judiciary Committee supported the nominee. It doesn’t matter if every Democrat in the whole Senate supports the nomi-nee. No matter what, our colleagues across the aisle are insisting on ob-struction, for no apparent reason. Here are some of the final vote totals for these district judges: 96 to 1; 98 to 0; 97 to 3; 95 to 0; 96 to 0; 98 to 0, once again; 100 to 0. Back in January, it took more than a week of the Senate’s time to confirm four district court judges, and not one Senator voted no on any of them—a whole week to do four district judges, and not one Senator voted no on any of them. Our problem is not the qualified per-sonnel before us. Our problem is that nearly half of the Senate has decided that resisting for the sake of resistance is more politically advantageous than doing right by this institution or by our constituents. This, regrettably, is where we are: Democrats chewing up hours of Senate time on nominees that literally no Senator opposes. I understand that my friends on the other side have a number of disagree-ments with the President. That tends to happen in politics, but that is no ex-cuse at all for this historic obstruction of noncontroversial nominees. It is bad for the Senate. It is unfair to the American people. That is why I support Senator L
ANKFORD ’s efforts to enact the very same rules change—the very same rules change—that a large and bipar-tisan majority agreed to back in 2013, when the Democrats were in the major-ity here in the Senate. It would em-power the Senate to process nomina-tions more quickly while preserving ample opportunity for debate. It is pre-cisely the rules change that my friend the Democratic leader supported back in 2013. I joined in that bipartisan ef-fort, along with a number of my fellow Republicans. It passed 78 to 16—78 to 16. The White House may have changed hands, but the last time I checked, fair is still fair, and common sense is still common sense. So Senator L
ANKFORD is giving my Democratic colleagues their very own chance to show that principled convic-tions matter more than political con-venience. I am proud to back his pro-posal. I am glad to see the Rules Com-mittee advance it to the floor yester-day. There is no reason why every Sen-ator shouldn’t be able to join us. Otherwise, until our Democratic col-leagues put aside their historic ob-struction, Republicans continue to do our duty and process the President’s nominations, one way or the other. Let me repeat that. We are processing these nominations, one way or the other. After Mike Pompeo, I filed cloture on Ric Grenell’s nomination to serve as Ambassador to Germany. We will vote on this confirmation later this after-noon. So why don’t we turn over a new leaf together and start rebuilding the com-ity and customs that ought to define our work here. Just yesterday, the Rules Committee held a very productive meeting that took a step in that direction. Col-leagues from both sides of the aisle took a serious look at what we can do as a body to more efficiently fulfill our responsibilities in the appropriations process. That follows on a productive meeting I had with the Democratic leader, the Appropriations chairman, and the ranking member a few days ago. So I am hopeful about the prospects of moving forward together. We need to keep this momentum going and extend it—not just to appropriations but to nominations. This Congress has al-ready made great progress imple-menting a pro-growth, pro-opportunity agenda for the middle-class, including historic tax relief for families and small businesses, but there is a lot more to do. That is how the Senate should be spending our time—exchanging ideas and fighting for the American public. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Secretary of State. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 12 noon will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to complete my remarks on the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CONFIRMATION PROCESS  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, there is no excuse for the delays in the con-firmation process except sheer par-tisanship. It amounts to an ongoing partial government shutdown, and it definitely hurts the American people. Such obstruction is not worthy of the Senate, and the resulting judicial va-cancies do great harm to the judicial system. These are not my words but the words of the Senator from Vermont, Mr. LEAHY , when he chaired the Judici-ary Committee in 2014. Judicial vacan-cies today are 60 percent higher than when he expressed those concerns back then. Vacancies are 52 percent higher than what he said was a ‘‘disaster for our Nation’s overburdened courts.’’ The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts labels some judicial vacancies as judicial emergencies because of their duration and impact on case-loads. On March 12, 2012, the Senator from Illinois, Mr. D
URBIN , said that 35 judicial emergency vacancies would cause the administration of justice to suffer at every level. Today, there are 72 judicial emergency vacancies, more than twice as many as Senator D
URBIN  warned about. To be fair, I have to say that the left-wing groups that are such faithful al-lies of Senate Democrats are no better. In July 2012, for example, the Alliance for Justice proclaimed that 76 vacan-cies demonstrated ‘‘an overall and on-going vacancy crisis in the federal courts.’’ Today, vacancies are 88 per-cent higher than the crisis level, and all we hear from the Alliance for Jus-tice are calls to oppose and obstruct even more. Judicial vacancies today are 74 percent higher than when the Brennan Center for Justice said the Senate was not meeting its obligation to the American people. If high judicial vacancies harm the judicial system and prevent Americans from seeking justice, why aren’t Demo-crats and their leftwing allies leading the effort to confirm judicial nominees today? If Democrats once said that 79 vacancies constitutes a crisis, why are they silent about 143 vacancies today? Today we face the highest judicial vacancy total since June of 1991, after Congress had created dozens of new judgeships. It is crystal clear why this dire situation confronts us today. The process for appointing Federal judges, after all, has only three steps: nomina-tion by the President, consideration by the Senate Judiciary Committee, and a decision by the full Senate. The first step in the judicial appoint-ment process is Presidential nomina-tions. President Trump has made more judicial nominations than his prede-cessors of both parties at this point, so he is not the problem—as you can see from that chart. The second step is consideration by the Judiciary Committee. Chairman C
HUCK GRASSLEY has held a hearing on 75 of those nominations—more than under previous Presidents, so the Judi-ciary Committee is not the problem. That leaves the third step right here on the Senate floor. Even though Presi-dent Trump is ahead of the nomination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.002 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2449 April 26, 2018 
pace, and the Judiciary Committee is ahead of the hearing pace, the Senate’s confirmation pace is half what it was at this point for the past five Presi-dents. March 20, I spoke here about some of the below-the-radar obstruction tactics Democrats are using to make this part of the process as time-consuming and cumbersome as possible. Let me offer a brief review. Democrats once com-plained about U.S. district court nomi-nees being reported from the Judiciary Committee on a party-line vote. That is happening at a rate of more than four times as great today. Democrats once criticized the failure to cooperate in scheduling floor votes for judicial nominees. So far, Demo-crats have forced the Senate to take separate votes to end debate, called a cloture vote, on 96 percent—96 per-cent—of President Trump’s judicial nominees. The Senate has been forced to take 16 times as many cloture votes on President Trump’s judicial nomi-nees as under the last 12 Presidents combined at this point. You heard me right. The Senate has been forced to take 16 times as many cloture votes on judicial nominees as under the last 12 Presidents combined at this point. That is every President since the clo-ture rule was first applied to nomina-tions in 1949. In 2014, with a Democratic President, Democrats said that every time the mi-nority refuses to cooperate in sched-uling confirmation votes, every time the majority leader is forced to initiate the cloture process, the Senate is forced to take up scarce floor time, when we know these nominees will be confirmed. Today, Democrats are using that and other tactics on a scale this body has never seen before. Democrats once objected to voting against confirming U.S. district court nominees who were supported by their own two Senators. At this point, Presi-dent Obama’s confirmed district court nominees had received a total of zero negative votes—zero. President Trump’s district court nominees have received 73 negative votes—73. Think about that. Think about the unfairness of it. Each of these, and more besides, is a tactic that Democrats once condemned but are today pushing to record levels of obstruction. Even more important than seeing where we are and how we got here is understanding why the Democrats and their leftwing allies are working so hard to prevent President Trump from appointing judges. I have served in this body and on the Judiciary Committee for nearly 42 years. I have participated in the con-firmation of half of all article III judges who have ever served in this country, from the beginning. In all that time, the conflict over judicial ap-pointments has never been over judi-cial nominees; it has always been over judicial power. The vacancy crisis we face today is a consequence of the broader, ongoing conflict over the kind of judge America needs on the bench. America’s Founders gave us a system of government that includes a judici-ary with a role defined by three impor-tant principles. First, as Founder James Wilson put it, the people are masters of the government. Second, the Constitution is the primary way that the people set rules for govern-ment. Third, among those rules is the separation of powers into three coequal but different branches. Judges acting consistent with these principles, what I have called impartial judges, fit the design of our system of government and the liberty it makes possible. Judges who depart from those principles, what I have called political judges, are at odds with that design and undermine our liberty. President Trump is committed to appointing im-partial judges, while those working so hard to obstruct his his nominees favor political judges. President Obama led the way in the quest for a political judiciary. First, as a Senator evaluating judicial nominees and then as a President choosing them, he said judges decide cases based on their empathy, their vision of how the world works, their core concerns, and their deeply held beliefs. If judges make decisions on their personal views, then it is no wonder the Democrats want so badly to know a judicial nomi-nee’s personal views. I will never forget the confirmation hearing for Chief Justice John Roberts in 2005. Democrats pressed him to com-mit, in advance and under oath, to par-ticular results in different categories of cases. They asked repeatedly: Whose side will you be on? Political judges take sides, even before cases come be-fore them, because their main objec-tive is to ensure that the favored side wins and that the preferred political interest is served. We see this in plain view today. Democrats observe a judicial nominee’s personal views, or his legal views on behalf of a client, and insist that those views will dictate his judicial views. This is why many Democrats will op-pose any nominee who has conservative personal beliefs or who has advocated for conservative clients. To them, there is no difference between politics and law. Democrats oppose judicial nominees because of their personal views, even when the American Bar Association— which has never been accused of being conservative—gives those nominees its highest rating. The appeals court nominee confirmed this week, for ex-ample, received that rating only after the ABA considered, in its words, his ‘‘compassion, decisiveness, open-mind-edness, courtesy, patience, freedom from bias, and commitment to equal justice under the law.’’ In their heart of hearts, those who favor political judges have no problem with judicial minds being closed or bi-ased so long as that leads to results they like. They seek politically correct results by any judicial means. That judiciary is very different from the one contemplated by the Founders of this great country. That judiciary is very different from the one described by the oath of judicial office, by which a judge commits to do justice without respect to identities or interests. That judiciary is very different from the one that makes our liberty possible. The liberty we enjoy is by design, not by accident. That design requires judges with a limited and defined role. Impartial judges support the liberty our system of government was designed to provide while political judges under-mine it. Impartial judges take the law as it is and apply it fairly to decide cases, leaving decisions about what the law should be to the American people and their elected representatives. Po-litical judges take decisions about what the law should be away from the American people, manipulating the meaning of statutes and the Constitu-tion to follow their own views and their own agenda. The conflict over judicial appoint-ments is, and will remain, a conflict over judicial power and, therefore, a conflict over the system of government crafted by America’s Founders. Re-member the three principles I men-tioned earlier. Impartial judges allow the American people to remain the masters of government; political judges become the masters of the peo-ple. Impartial judges follow the rules the American people put in the Con-stitution; political judges change the meaning of those rules to suit their own ends. Impartial judges respect the separation of powers while political judges breach it. The unprecedented obstruction of ju-dicial nominees today is a tool in the campaign for an increasingly politi-cized judiciary. The rhetoric of that campaign is all about desirable objec-tives, all about good intentions. I close with the words of Daniel Webster, who represented two different States in the House and represented Massachusetts in the Senate before serving as Sec-retary of State under three different precedents. He said: 
Good intentions will always be pleaded for every assumption of authority. It is hardly too strong to say that the Constitution was made to guard the people against the dan-gers of good intentions. There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. 
That is Daniel Webster. Let me re-peat that again because Webster is one of the greatest people who ever served in this government. 
Good intentions will always be pleaded for every assumption of authority. It is hardly too strong to say that the Constitution was made to guard the people against the dan-gers of good intentions. There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. 
America needs impartial judges so that the American people can be the masters of government and so that lib-erty can thrive. Let me go over that quote again from Daniel Webster. I will end with this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.003 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2450 April 26, 2018 
Daniel Webster said: 
Good intentions will always be pleaded for every assumption of authority. It is hardly too strong to say that the Constitution was made to guard the people against the dan-gers of good intentions. There are men in all ages who mean to govern well, but they mean to govern. They promise to be good masters, but they mean to be masters. 
Some of those Founding Fathers really knew what they were talking about, and Webster was certainly one of them in many respects. All I can say is that we have a chance to work together to do what is right and in the best interest of the Amer-ican people. I intend to see that we do that, and I hope we can because this country is worth it. Our system of gov-ernment is the best this world has ever seen, and I want to see it continue to be. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
SPECIAL COUNSEL LEGISLATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I watched the President on TV this morning, and like most Americans, so many Americans, I was aghast. The President seems to live in an alter-native reality. He says things that are patently false, and he thinks that just by saying them, they become true. With the number of 180-degree turns— direct contradictions to what he has said before—the name-calling, and blaming, if you watched the President this morning and the way he acted, it was so unbecoming of a President, un-becoming of a democracy. We believe in truth. People may have different value systems, but to just make up things as he goes along and to, without blinking an eye, contradict things that he said that were exactly the opposite a few hours, a few days, a few weeks ago is not who any President of any party of any ideology should be. What the President said this morning was embarrassing to America, to de-mocracy, and to any American who prizes truth. One of the things the President said this morning was that he has decided not to be involved in the Russia probe but may change his mind. That is why it is so good this morning that the Ju-diciary Committee is marking up bi-partisan legislation that will protect Special Counsel Mueller from political interference. From the very beginning, Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation has been about following the facts of how a foreign, hostile power interfered with our free and fair elections—the wellspring of our democracy. That in-vestigation must be allowed to proceed safely from the President’s heavy hand. The President can’t make this go away by name-calling. He can’t dispute facts. He can’t dispute the fact that Russia’s interfering in our election is very dan-gerous and must be investigated no matter where it leads. It is so abundantly clear from the President’s remarks this morning and from so many other things he has said that he has little regard for the rule of law. He seems to have this view that the purpose of the Justice Department is to protect his interests and per-secute his enemies. That is not a de-mocracy. The purpose of the Justice Department is to defend the rule of law, and no man or woman is above the law. It is not, simply, to go after his friends. He is angry when the Justice Department does something he doesn’t like even though it is following the law. Again, that is not the hallmark of our democracy. I am so proud of our Judiciary Com-mittee and Chairman GRASSLEY in their rising to the occasion—proposing and hopefully passing legislation that says we will protect the rule of law and that we will protect our democracy by not allowing the President to fire the special counsel at will because he sim-ply doesn’t like the results he comes up with. Again, the Judiciary Committee, this morning, makes us proud. It rises to the occasion to tell the President that he cannot tamper with the very wellsprings of our democracy and that he will pay a bipartisan price if he does. I particularly praise Chairman G
RASSLEY . We have worked together on many things, and we have had our dif-ferences on many things, but this morning he is rising to the occasion. History regards such moments very fa-vorably. I hope we will get a large vote this morning. 
APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS  
Madam President, while we are speaking about bipartisanship, there is another bit of good news. There are two shoots of bipartisanship springing up today—the Judiciary Committee’s action on preventing the President from firing Mueller and an agreement between Senator S
HELBY , Leader M
CCONNELL , and me to try to begin moving appropriations bills the way we used to—in a bipartisan way. We had a very good meeting yester-day in which we laid out the param-eters of how to do this. We talked about not letting extraneous amend-ments disrupt the process. We talked about doing our job the way it used to be done—doing all of the appropria-tions bills this year and doing them in a bipartisan way, having the chairs and ranking members of the subcommit-tees work together to craft a bill that both sides can be happy with even though neither side will be happy with everything in it. I hope that it moves forward. I pledge to the Members of this body and to the American people that I am committed to making that process move forward in a fair, bipartisan way and to trying to restore some of the semblance of bi-partisanship that we used to have in this place and bring it back to actual action and reality, not just verbiage. VA SECRETARY NOMINATION  
Madam President, we just received word that the President’s nominee to be the next Secretary of the VA has withdrawn his nomination. The allega-tions swirling around the nomination of Dr. Jackson were troubling and raised lots of questions, but the real blame here falls on the administration for once again being sloppy and care-less in the vetting process. Dr. Jackson didn’t go through a careful vetting. Some of these things might have been discovered beforehand, and he wouldn’t have had to go through the process he went through. The Veterans’ Affairs Committee did the right thing. They didn’t seek to go after Jackson; people came to them. When people come to them—particu-larly military folks—with serious and troubling allegations, they have an ob-ligation to investigate. I salute Chair-man I
SAKSON and Ranking Member T
ESTER for pursuing those allegations. Dr. Jackson went through a mael-strom, and he should tell his patient, I guess, the President, that he, the President, caused this problem by not properly vetting, by making these deci-sions on the fly, by making sure they don’t count. Our obligation above all is not to any one individual but to the millions of veterans in America. They deserve a department that treats them well. They deserve the best healthcare, and we need someone to run the VA who is up to the job. I hope the President learns his les-son. I hope the next nominee is thor-oughly vetted before he or she is sent to the Congress. Most of all, I hope our veterans can get the kind of leader they deserve. 
HEALTHCARE  
Madam President, finally, on another matter—healthcare—next week, health insurance companies will begin to an-nounce their initial proposed rates for 2019 in each State across the country. When they do, every American should remember that President Trump and congressional Republicans have spent the last 1
1⁄2years trying to sabotage our healthcare system in a way that would increase costs and decrease ac-cess to quality healthcare. It is true that last summer the Sen-ate Republican effort to repeal our cur-rent healthcare system and gut Med-icaid—an effort that would have left tens of millions uninsured and raised costs on millions more—ended, thank-fully for the American people, in fail-ure. Despite that legislative failure, President Trump, his administration, and congressional Republicans have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.005 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2451 April 26, 2018 
committed several other acts of sabo-tage—raising premiums and hurting healthcare—all, it seems to me, for a political vendetta. For a long time, the President re-fused to guarantee that the adminis-tration will honor the cost-sharing pro-gram, which reduces premiums and out-of-pocket expenses for low-income Americans. He eventually canceled payments for that program, causing major uncertainty and confusion in the markets. Then, Republicans repealed the healthcare coverage requirement as a part of their tax bill and put nothing in its place. The CBO projects that repeal-ing the coverage requirement could cause rates to increase by as much as 10 percent and result in millions more people without insurance. So if you can’t get insurance, Mr. or Mrs. Amer-ican, or if your premiums are going up, you know who caused it—the President and congressional Republicans by sabo-taging the law that a majority of Americans want to see stay on the books. Making things worse, earlier this week, the comment period ended for a proposed Trump administration rule that is perhaps the most radical sabo-tage of our healthcare system yet—a rule that would expand the availability of junk insurance plans. These junk in-surance plans would force higher pre-miums on people with preexisting con-ditions, impose an age tax on older Americans, and once again could sub-ject Americans to the devastating ef-fects of medical bankruptcy, which too many people go through now. Many plans might not cover essential serv-ices, such as prescription drugs, mater-nity care, and mental health services. Each of these actions taken by Presi-dent Trump and Republicans in Con-gress will raise costs and reduce access. We are truly living under TrumpCare today, with no effort by the President or congressional Republicans to make it better. Unfortunately, starting next week, the American people could well see the devastating consequences of 1
1⁄2years of healthcare sabotage reflected in the 2019 rates. 
NATIONAL MEMORIAL FOR PEACE AND JUSTICE  
Finally, Madam President, I would like to add a word about an event tak-ing place today in Montgomery, AL. Today in Montgomery, the National Memorial for Peace and Justice, dedi-cated to the legacy of enslaved Black people, victims of lynching, and Afri-can Americans who have been victim-ized by White supremacy, will open its doors. I read about the new memorial in the newspaper. It was touching. It was moving. So many innocent people were lynched for no reason—walking behind a White woman, other kinds of things like that. Having read and watched the accounts about the memorial, it will be a harrowing experience. Much like the Holocaust Museum in Washington, DC, it forces visitors to confront the human toll of racism, America’s origi-nal sin. And it allows each county to get a replica of a list on a block—sort of like a tombstone—of who was lynched. So maybe those counties can look into their souls, too, and do bet-ter, as we all can, at trying to elimi-nate racism. America’s original sin is racism and the vast and terrible numbers of Afri-can Americans who were brutally mur-dered for simply being Black. This mu-seum forces us, as Martin Luther King did, to look into the mirror and see what the country has done wrong and move to correct it. I truly salute all the folks who put this wonderful, wonderful museum to-gether. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS  
Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I would like to make a very short com-ment with regard to the distinguished minority leader’s remarks this morn-ing. In the midst of his remarks, Mr. S
CHUMER mentioned something that I think is terribly important. Yesterday, the Rules Committee—and the distin-guished Senator used to be the chair-man of the Rules Committee. I think I was ranking member at that particular time. He spoke of an agreement to move appropriations bills. I want to thank him for that, and also Senator D
URBIN , who indicated that as of yes-terday. We did reach an agreement in a bi-partisan way to do something about fil-ing cloture 86 times and other things going on and reducing that time pe-riod. We will get to that. The breakthrough could be an agree-ment that Mr. S
CHUMER has agreed to with regard to appropriations bills. If we can do that, we might be able to get back to the regular order that both of us experienced when we first came to the Senate. Many Members here have not experienced that. Mr. SCHUMER. The majority, I think. Mr. ROBERTS. Yes. Consequently, I want to thank you for that. And I know Senator S
HELBY is eager to do the 12 appropriations bills, and I know Senator D
URBIN is as well. I think that one statement in the midst of your comments, sir, is terribly important, and I want people to be aware of it, and I thank you. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you. I appre-ciate very much the remarks of my friend from Kansas. I hope these sprouts of bipartisanship can grow into mighty oaks. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I take this time because I know that shortly we are going to be voting on Mr. Pompeo’s nomination as Secretary of State, and I want to explain to my colleagues why I cannot support his nomination. As I said in the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee during his nomina-tion hearing, I appreciate Mr. Pompeo’s public service throughout his career—his service in the military and his service in Congress and as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. I also appreciate the fact that he is will-ing to serve our Nation in this most important post as Secretary of State. In the United States, we urgently need a confirmed Secretary of State, but it is our responsibility in the U.S. Senate to advise and consent on the President’s nominations and to act as an independent branch of government. I must state that we are in this ur-gent need because of Mr. Trump’s ab-rupt dismissal of our former Secretary of State in the midst of many inter-national challenges. In my view, though, Mr. Pompeo is not the right person. I reached that conclusion by his actions and his rhetoric. If Mr. Pompeo is confirmed, he will be the top diplomat for the United States. He must be an independent voice in the White House. I have ques-tions as to whether he will be that independent voice. He needs to engage our allies. That is how our diplomacy works. He has to be the loudest voice for diplomacy in our national security, in the use of our tools, and the mili-tary needs to be a matter of last resort. I was reminded of this challenge for America when President Macron ad-dressed the joint session of Congress yesterday. President Macron pointed out that the United States established multinational world order in the after-math of World War II, which is em-bodied in the transatlantic partner-ship, and we, the United States, must lead in order to preserve that national security blanket. So it is incumbent upon the Secretary of State to work with our allies—particularly our Euro-pean allies but all of our allies. As just one example, when I look at Mr. Pompeo’s record in regard to the nuclear agreement with Iran, during that discussion as to whether we would have diplomacy, it was Mr. Pompeo who said that the solution rests with 2,000 sorties to destroy the Iran nuclear capacity. That is not diplomacy. That is not leading with diplomacy. Now he is espousing that, if necessary, we should pull out of the agreement if we can’t change it, even though Iran is in compliance with the agreement. That is not diplomacy, and that is certainly not working with our European allies. Yesterday, we heard President Ma-cron assert that it is critically impor-tant that that agreement move forward if Iran is in compliance. Yes, we can build on it, but to walk away from it would be wrong. Another example that gives me great concern is Mr. Pompeo’s position in re-gard to the Paris climate talks. I know we all have different views about cli-mate and what our individual policy should be in order to deal with the re-alities of climate change, but one thing should be clear: that we want to be in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.006 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2452 April 26, 2018 
the discussions with the international community. In regard to Iran, Mr. Pompeo would isolate us from our European allies, but in regard to withdrawing from the Paris climate talks, he would isolate America from every other nation in the world. We would be the only nation not a part of that discussion. Let me re-mind my colleagues that the commit-ments made in Paris are only enforce-able by us. There is no international enforcement mechanism. Words matter. A top diplomat needs to engage a very diverse global commu-nity. Mr. Pompeo’s words unfortu-nately make it very challenging for him to be able to have the confidence of the international community. He associated American Muslims with terrorism by stating that their perceived silence in condemning at-tacks ‘‘has made these Islamic leaders across America potentially complicit.’’ I know that after each of the horrible terrorist activities we have seen in America, Muslim leaders in Maryland and Muslim leaders around the world have stood up and said that they con-demn in the strongest possible terms those terrorist acts. That should have no space. Unfortu-nately, those types of comments give space to those who are promoting a form of nationalism that allows for hate-mongering, and that cannot be tolerated in our country. The LGBTQ community is rightly concerned. I go to Mr. Pompeo citing verbatim the following passage from a sermon castrating members of the LGBTQ community. 
America has worshipped other gods and called it multiculturalism. We have endorsed perversion and called it an alternative life-style. 
That type of language should have no place for someone who wants to be the top diplomat of America. So I have come to the conclusion, based upon the necessity of the Sec-retary of State to engage the national community, to provide leadership and the use of diplomacy, that based upon those—my priorities, policy priorities, not politics or partisanship—that I cannot support Mr. Pompeo for Sec-retary of State. I want to conclude with this. I have had the chance to lead the Democrats on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. I have been a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee my entire 12 years in this institution. The Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee and its leaders have had a long tradition of bipartisanship, of recog-nizing the independent role of the leg-islative branch and the critical role played by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and we are always stronger when we act in unity. That is a tradition of our committee. I want to just point out that I don’t question anyone’s motives on how they vote on the nominee for the Secretary of State, but I have great confidence that we in the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee will continue the great tradition we have established as an independent voice and as a voice that tries to work in unity in the best interest of our Nation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, it was an honor for me to speak in front of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee this month in support of my Kansas friend and colleague, Mike Pompeo, as the President’s nominee for Secretary of State. I come to the floor to urge all of my colleagues, despite the previous remarks, to vote in favor of this uniquely qualified nominee in such a vital role in our administra-tion’s Cabinet. The point I would like to make, as we go into the very important topics we have to discuss on an international basis, is that we need Mike Pompeo, and we need him now. As our Nation’s most senior dip-lomat, Mike, I know, will be forthright, will be forceful and thoughtful and, yes, he will be diplomatic. He will give the President and the Congress very candid counsel. He is a man of his word. Now, I say all of this because I think I, at least, have the credentials to know Mike and to know who he is and what he is about because I have known him for more than a decade, first as a friend and a business leader, then as a congressional colleague, and most re-cently as a leader of our intelligence community. We had some long talks before he accepted that offer by the President, and I thought he was very well suited. Mike will represent American ideals and values backed by the strength of leadership of the free world—yes, the free world and the allies that have been referred to by my colleagues across the aisle. The point is, whenever there is a void, the world pays a price. That is why we need Mike, and that is why we need him now. I am going to again urge all of my colleagues—all of those who voted in support of his intelligence post last year and those who now have the op-portunity to support this extremely qualified candidate—to vote yes and to send our senior diplomat to work on the many challenges that face our Na-tion. 
NOMINATIONS AND THE APPROPRIATIONS  
PROCESS  
Madam President, now, let me talk a little bit about bipartisanship and what I have stated with regard to my friend and colleague, the minority leader. I have encouraging news. We met yesterday in the Rules Committee and voted to reduce postcloture debate from 30 hours to 8 hours for certain nominations. I am not sure we have the 60 votes to pass that, but it is some-thing at least we are moving toward with regard to the problem of having 86 cloture votes and delaying the time; that is, 3 months, by the way, with re-gard to time lost that we could have been working on other issues. We still have to consider this change to the rules on the Senate floor, but in the course of our debate, the minority whip, Senator DURBIN , who is an appro-priator par excellence, has supported Chairman S
HELBY ’s commitment to do all 12 appropriations bills—how long, how long, how long has it been since we have done appropriations bills and voted on amendments on appropria-tions bills? The leadership has apparently de-cided to recommend that we actually return to being a Senate voting on amendments. Many Senators, as I said earlier, do not even know what it is like to serve in a functioning Senate. They hardly know what it is like to op-erate under regular order, where bills are referred to committee, amended, brought to the floor, debated, amended, and then passed when appropriations bills were on time. Goodness knows we need to get back to that. Members of the Appropriations Com-mittee, without this agreement—prior to this agreement—were standing on the sidelines, wounded cardinals, if you will, with a shrinking slice of the dis-cretionary pie. So thank you to the mi-nority whip and thank you to the lead-ership on both sides for our efforts to get back to regular order. Now you can take one step further and vote for Mike Pompeo, a qualified and honorable candidate to serve as Secretary of State. Most of the state-ments I have heard—I have not paid too much attention to the colloquy on the floor or the statements on the floor—but people who have reserva-tions have a ‘‘while I’’ speech: while I understand his qualifications, while I understand he has a great background, first in his class at West Point, and while I, and while I, and while I. Then, there is the catch: But then, on the other hand, I have some concerns. Most of the concerns are in regard to whether Mike Pompeo can be diplo-matic. I know him. He can be forceful— sometimes he can be a little stubborn, but he can be forceful. He is well quali-fied for the job and, yes, he can be dip-lomatic. So I hope we can take this step to-ward a bipartisan Senate and take one further vote and vote for Mike Pompeo, who is certainly qualified. I say that because the cloth of comity in this Senate is pretty threadbare. We have a situation where we need to return to a sense of comity and at least some bi-partisanship. Certainly, it would be also to set aside personal and partisan concerns and vote for Mr. Pompeo. As I said again, we have a void right now. We have a good man to be Sec-retary of State. I urge my colleagues to vote yes, and let’s put a few threads back into the cloth of comity in the Senate and recommit to being the world’s greatest deliberative body. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.007 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2453 April 26, 2018 
Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I rise to express my strong opposition to President Trump’s nomination of Mike Pompeo to be the next Secretary of State. There are many reasons to op-pose this nomination, but the main reason for me is pretty straight-forward. Mike Pompeo is completely unfit to serve as America’s chief dip-lomat. During his time as a public servant, Mike Pompeo has embraced a variety of views that betray America’s values. Whether it is his support for interroga-tion techniques that amount to tor-ture, his preference for war over diplo-matic solutions, or his hateful, bla-tantly discriminatory views about Muslim and LGBTQ Americans, Mike Pompeo’s confirmation would degrade America’s diplomacy and erode our moral standing on the world stage. Let’s start with his evolving position on torture. In 2014, then-Congressman Pompeo praised the interrogators who used torture as ‘‘patriots’’ and ‘‘he-roes,’’ but when seeking confirmation to become CIA Director, Mr. Pompeo suddenly said he would ‘‘always comply with the law’’ prohibiting torture. When asked if he would comply with a request from the President to use torture, he said he couldn’t ‘‘imagine being asked to do so.’’ Never mind that as a candidate Donald Trump boasted about his desire to bring back waterboarding and ‘‘a hell of a lot worse.’’ In his later written answers, Mr. Pompeo suggested he could support bringing back waterboarding and other torture techniques if he thought they were necessary. So, first, Mike Pompeo was for tor-ture, but when he wanted to be CIA Di-rector, he miraculously changed his po-sition. Now he thinks the United States should reserve the right to tor-ture people in the future. This position undermines our core values as Ameri-cans, and that alone should disqualify him from being America’s Secretary of State, but there is more. Mike Pompeo’s hawkish views could quite literally lead us into another war. Just look at his views on Iran. The Iranian Government is a bad actor, no doubt about it. That is why the Iran nuclear deal was so important. It is easier to counter Iran’s bad behavior if it has no nuclear weapons than it would be to keep Iran in check if it could threaten the region and threaten the world with a nuclear bomb. The deal with Iran imposed strong limits and intrusive inspections on Iran’s nuclear program so it cannot de-velop a nuclear weapon, and our intel-ligence community tells us it is work-ing. That is very important to the se-curity of our allies and the security of the whole world. The Iran nuclear deal is a negotiated solution designed to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons, and it was accomplished without resorting to military action. The deal is the prod-uct of putting diplomacy first. That is good for the security of the United States, good for our allies, and good for the world. Mike Pompeo doesn’t seem to under-stand that. He has called the Iran nu-clear deal a ‘‘surrender,’’ and he has said the United States should walk away. Pompeo has even publicly con-templated regime change. How can we expect countries to trust America’s word when our chief diplomat believes we have the right to break our word and violate international agreements at any moment? Think for a minute about what it would mean for negotiating any deal with North Korea about their nuclear weapons if Mr. Pompeo is in charge. He said we can tear up our agreement with Iran, even though they have followed through on their part, just because Mr. Trump and Mr. Pompeo have decided they don’t like it. Who would negotiate with a United States that has so little respect for the standing of its prom-ises? I cannot in good faith vote in favor of Mr. Pompeo for the reasons I have outlined, but there is another rea-son I cannot vote for him, one that is deeply personal to me. Shortly after the Boston Marathon attack, then-Congressman Pompeo ac-cused Muslim leaders of being silent about the bombing and even said they were potentially complicit in the at-tack. After the marathon bombings, all of Boston grieved together, including our Muslim leaders. Our Muslim com-munities helped Massachusetts emerge stronger and more united. To suggest otherwise is insulting to the Boston Marathon bombing victims and to our Muslim American brothers and sisters. When he was shown to be wrong, Mike Pompeo refused to apologize. His com-ments were ignorant, offensive, and just plain wrong. They certainly aren’t the words of someone who is fit to be America’s chief diplomat. But there is more. Mike Pompeo’s longstanding attacks on the LGBTQ community also make him unfit to serve as Secretary of State. He sup-ported legislation in Congress to allow States not to recognize equal marriage, and he relied on financial contributions from hateful groups like the Family Research Council. His public record paints a deeply disturbing world view. The risk posed by this nomination is magnified because Mike Pompeo would be teaming up with John Bolton, Presi-dent Trump’s new National Security Advisor. John Bolton has never met a war he didn’t like, and Mike Pompeo supported Bolton’s disastrous Iraq War. Together, Mike Pompeo and John Bolton will fan the flames of war in President Trump’s foreign policy be-cause they both embrace military solu-tions first. I hope that, if confirmed, Mr. Pompeo will take real steps to prioritize diplo-macy, to improve morale at the State Department, and to fill key diplomatic positions that have been vacant for far too long. But at a time when we are facing enormous global challenges, the State Department needs a leader who will put diplomacy first to solve prob-lems and to protect our national secu-rity. Mike Pompeo is not that leader. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against his nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally. The Senator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I rise to oppose the nomination of CIA Director Mike Pompeo to be the Sec-retary of State. I voted against confirming Mike Pompeo to be the Director of the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency because he lacked the experience and the quali-fications for the position. His time at the CIA has done nothing to ensure me that he now has the capabilities to lead the State Department. As a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives, Mike Pompeo made re-peated discriminatory remarks about Muslim Americans. He has argued that the Muslim American leaders have a ‘‘special obligation’’ to denounce ter-rorist attacks, and he has falsely claimed that they have failed to do that. I am proud to represent dynamic Muslim and Arab-American commu-nities in Michigan. I have seen that these patriotic communities are often the first to denounce senseless acts of violence that pervert the Islamic faith. Mike Pompeo also has close ties to a group that is a Southern Poverty Law Center ‘‘designated hate group’’ be-cause of its anti-Muslim rhetoric and conspiracy theories. I seriously ques-tion the judgment of an elected official who would work with such a group, and I do not believe it shows the type of character required in an individual who is nominated to be our country’s top diplomat. How can someone with this attitude work effectively with our al-lies and partners in the Middle East? I don’t think he can. Mr. Pompeo has also supported bring-ing back waterboarding and other tor-ture measures that do nothing to keep America safe and go against our Na-tion’s core values. We now have a President who has said that he believes that torture ‘‘absolutely’’ works. We can do better than this. America is better than this. I voted to ban the use of waterboarding and other so- called enhanced interrogation meas-ures because they do not work, and in fact, they violate basic human rights, undermine our Nation’s counterterror-ism missions, and place our own serv-icemembers at risk. Confirming a Secretary of State that has condoned torture is just another step in our Nation’s current retreat from being what President Ronald Reagan called ‘‘a shining city on the hill.’’ I am concerned that Mike Pompeo will also continue the United States’ retreat from a leadership role in ad-dressing climate change—an existen-tial moral and economic issue that will impact our planet for generations to come. Director Pompeo has criticized the Paris climate agreement and has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.009 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2454 April 26, 2018 
made statements that contradict the overwhelming scientific events on cli-mate change. Our Nation faces serious global chal-lenges: Russian aggression, North Ko-rea’s nuclear weapons program, insta-bility in the Middle East, and China’s ongoing efforts to expand their power and influence. The world is looking to the United States for leadership. This is a time when skill and experienced di-plomacy is essential to advance our in-terests and our values on the world stage. I do not believe that Director Pompeo has the necessary experience, diplomatic skills, and values required to be the Secretary of State. I will op-pose his nomination this afternoon. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. 
NOMINATION OF RICHARD GRENELL  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, in addition to the nomination of the Secretary of State, later today we are considering the nomination of Richard Grenell to be our Ambassador to Ger-many. I opposed Mr. Grenell’s nomina-tion in committee, and I will again op-pose his nomination today. If confirmed, Mr. Grenell will assume the post at a time of strain in the bi-lateral relationship since the election of President Trump, who has disagreed with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on several key issues. Germany is one of our most critical partners and a key ally in upholding the post-World War II order responsible for securing peace and prosperity. Ger-many is a key NATO ally, serving with distinction and sacrifice in Afghani-stan. Germany also serves on the frontlines of Europe against an aggres-sive Russia that is actively seeking to destabilize German democracy in the same way it does American democracy. Germany showed great humanity in ac-cepting so many migrants when that crisis escalated in 2015. This is a close ally for our security but, more importantly, an ally in championing the values we hold dear as a country. It would have been my hope and desire that for such an important ally as Germany, the President would have put forth a serious, credible, expe-rienced diplomat who could strengthen our relationship with Germany. In-stead, President Trump nominated Mr. Grenell. In a few moments, I will read things that Mr. Grenell has tweeted in the past and that he continues to tweet, even as his nomination has been pend-ing before this body. I do not savor having to read you these tweets be-cause, frankly, I don’t think they are suitable to have to say on the floor of the Senate. But since the majority and the Presi-dent have prioritized this nominee and the vote will occur a little later, the American people deserve to know ex-actly who the Trump administration wants to represent the United States to our great friend and ally Germany. So I will read a selection of Mr. Grenell’s tweets for the R
ECORD : ‘‘Did you notice that while Michelle Obama is working out on the Biggest Loser, she is sweating on the East Room’s carpet?’’ Rachel Maddow should ‘‘take a breath and put on a necklace.’’ He said this about Callista Gingrich: ‘‘Callista stands there like she is wife #1.’’ He said in another quote: ‘‘Do you think Callista’s hair snaps on?’’ This is just a selection—just a selec-tion. I chose not to read some that I consider the most insulting out of re-spect for this body. These are not the words of a child or a teenager who does not understand the power of words; these are the words of a grown adult who had previously been a public face of the Bush adminis-tration for 8 years. Mr. Grenell’s derog-atory comments about women are sim-ply unacceptable for anyone to make in public, let alone a diplomat. I would go further. Not only do these tweets show bad judgment, they show us who Mr. Grenell really is and how comfortable he is publicly contributing his own brand of toxic political dis-course. Will he do such things if he is confirmed and goes to Germany? Will he insult via his Twitter account the female Chancellor of Germany? I don’t know. I hope not. In the committee process of consid-ering his nomination, Mr. Grenell was asked about these tweets and other comments he has made. Do you know what he said? He assured us that he un-derstood there was a difference be-tween being a private citizen and being a public figure and that he would never say or tweet such things as a public figure. So imagine our surprise when Mr. Grenell started tweeting again after he had been voted out of the com-mittee. Astonishingly, he retweeted a WikiLeaks tweet which included docu-ments stolen by Russian intelligence. Madam President, the other nominee before us today, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, has called WikiLeaks ‘‘a non- state hostile intelligence service.’’ That is what CIA Director Mike Pompeo called WikiLeaks—‘‘a non- state hostile intelligence service.’’ He went on to say about WikiLeaks that it will ‘‘take down America any way they can and find any willing partner to achieve that end.’’ Imagine that. Amidst all the con-troversy about the connection between WikiLeaks and Russia and their inter-ference in our 2016 election and while under consideration for an ambassador-ship by this body, Mr. Grenell feels per-fectly comfortable tweeting out emails stolen by Russian intelligence to inter-fere in our democratic process—basi-cally, in essence, as Mike Pompeo de-scribes, doing the work of Russian in-telligence. These are not the actions of a person with anything close to good judgment. These are not the actions of a dip-lomat. I urge my colleagues to reject sending Mr. Grenell to Germany as a U.N. Ambassador. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I did not vote for Rex Tillerson to be Sec-retary of State. Although Mr. Tillerson was a successful corporate executive, I did not believe that heading the world’s largest oil company was the right resume for the Nation’s top dip-lomat. Mr. Tillerson is a man of sub-stantial intellect who wanted to do the right thing, but his record as Secretary of State speaks for itself. He did not do well, and the country, the State De-partment, and its employees—includ-ing some of our most experienced dip-lomats who felt they were no longer relevant—paid a substantial price. For that reason, it is imperative that the next Secretary of State has the qualities and professional track record to restore the preeminent role that the Department has traditionally played in U.S. foreign policy. It is also for that reason that today I intend to vote against the nomination of CIA Director Mike Pompeo to be Secretary of State. By all accounts, Mr. Pompeo, like Mr. Tillerson, is a man of substantial intellect, and my conversations with him have seemed to confirm that. As we have learned, that alone is not enough to qualify one for a job that should be filled by someone who has proven that he or she understands and is skilled in the art of diplomacy and whose beliefs are consistent with fun-damental American values. As the country’s top diplomat, the Secretary of State should be a vocal and persua-sive advocate for diplomacy to avoid conflict and crises. Unfortunately, I be-lieve Mr. Pompeo’s record falls far short. Mike Pompeo has made no secret of his strong support for President Trump, whose saber rattling, provo-cations, and so-called America First policies would more accurately be de-scribed as ‘‘America Alone.’’ The Presi-dent has called for drastic cuts in the State Department’s budget and per-sonnel that would sharply diminish its role in diplomacy and development. He would weaken international organiza-tions and alliances that serve our in-terests and undermine U.S. global lead-ership at a time when China and our other competitors are seeking every opportunity to expand their global reach. Unlike Secretary of Defense Mattis who, in response to the White House’s proposed cuts, has been a strong advocate for the State Depart-ment’s mission and budget, I am not aware that Mr. Pompeo ever publicly expressed a view either way until his confirmation hearing. Mr. Pompeo supported the invasion of Iraq, and he has defended the use of torture, two of the most profoundly misguided foreign policy decisions since the Vietnam war. As far as I know, it was not until this week, when his nomination was in jeopardy, that he said the Iraq war that he had long defended was a mistake, a mistake that claimed the lives of thousands of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.010 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2455 April 26, 2018 
American soldiers and sowed chaos in the Middle East. The fact that he has insisted that waterboarding is not tor-ture and, by implication, acceptable should by itself be disqualifying for the job of Secretary of State. He has supported keeping open the Guantanamo detention facility, argu-ing that detainees ‘‘should stay right where they are’’ and that the facility ‘‘is the right place for [detainees] from both a security and legal perspective.’’ That is as wrong as it is disturbing. The indefinite detention without trial of detainees at Guantanamo con-tradicts our most basic principles of justice, degrades our international standing, and harms our national secu-rity. Mr. Pompeo’s position is particu-larly troubling, given the President’s expressed intent to send new prisoners to Guantanamo for the first time in more than a decade. Mr. Pompeo has opposed what he called the ‘‘disastrous’’ Iran nuclear agreement, and he appears to favor withdrawing from it despite the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency’s de-termination that Iran is in compliance and support for the agreement from a wide spectrum of diplomatic, scientific, and national security experts. As far as I am aware, he has offered no realistic alternative, and the consequence would be to isolate the United States from our closest allies and to risk Iran re-starting its centrifuges and quickly ob-taining a nuclear weapon. During the negotiations to halt Iran’s nuclear program, Mr. Pompeo supported military strikes against Iran’s nuclear facilities, reportedly ar-guing that it would take ‘‘under 2,000 sorties to destroy the Iranian nuclear capacity,’’ which he described as ‘‘not an insurmountable task for the coali-tion forces.’’ It might not be insur-mountable, except for the fact that it would be the end of the coalition since few, if any, of our partners would join us. Beyond that, the unilateral use of preemptive military force on that scale in a volatile region in which Russia has its own security interests could ignite a regional war with far-reaching, pos-sibly catastrophic, consequences. While the world’s scientists over-whelmingly warn of the long-term dan-gers of climate change, Mr. Pompeo is an unabashed climate change sceptic. He has said that the Paris Climate Agreement, which is supported by prac-tically every country including China, amounted to ‘‘bowing down to radical environmentalists.’’ That is extremist rhetoric about what many believe to be the most serious challenge facing our planet, a challenge that can only be met through diplomacy, and it belies a disturbing intolerance for opposing views. Mr. Pompeo has accused American Muslim leaders of being ‘‘potentially complicit’’ in acts of terrorism that they do not specifically condemn. He has said that Muslims ‘‘abhor Chris-tians’’ and that they ‘‘will continue to press against us until we make sure that we pray and stand and fight and make sure that we know that Jesus Christ is our savior and is truly the only solution for our world.’’ It would be hard to think of a more effective way to alienate the Muslim commu-nity, without whose help we cannot ef-fectively counter violent extremism. As a Member of Congress, Mr. Pompeo cosponsored legislation to ban all refugee admissions, regardless of country of origin, even though people seeking safety are already subjected to a rigorous vetting process. It should alarm each of us that the nominee to oversee the bureau charged with pro-tecting refugees, migrants, and other vulnerable people uprooted by con-flict—a tradition we take pride in— would take such a crass, ideological ap-proach to our country’s refugee admis-sions policies. Mr. Pompeo has suggested that the Federal Government should collect records of American citizens’ commu-nications, without warrants and in bulk, and combine them with ‘‘publicly available financial and lifestyle infor-mation into a comprehensive, search-able database.’’ Think about that, at a time when the public is already out-raged by Facebook’s and Cambridge Analytica’s misuse of personal data. As a Member of Congress, Mr. Pompeo criticized President Obama for going to Cuba, accusing him of making ‘‘unilateral concessions.’’ It is true that the restoration of diplomatic rela-tions with Cuba—which was over-whelmingly supported by the people of both countries—did not include an agreement by the Cuban Government to hold free and fair elections, nor to stop persecuting opponents of the gov-ernment. No one who knows Cuba ex-pected that. But if free and fair elec-tions and respect for human rights are Mr. Pompeo’s prerequisite for having an embassy and an ambassador in a foreign country, we will need to close a lot more embassies than the one in Ha-vana. We could begin with our embassies in China and Russia, Saudi Arabia and Egypt would be next, then Jordan and Morocco, Honduras, Vietnam—the list goes on. The fact is we need embassies staffed with qualified personnel, in-cluding in countries whose govern-ments we disagree with, so our dip-lomats can work to protect our inter-ests and the interests of Americans who travel, study, work, or serve there. That is diplomacy 101. Mr. Pompeo opposes LGBT rights and has no record of defending civil society activists and independent journalists who risk their lives speaking out against corruption and abuses of human rights by foreign security forces, particularly in countries we consider friends or allies. He has also worked against women’s reproductive rights, including cosponsoring radical legislation that would make abortion illegal nationwide, even in cases of rape. He voted to defund Planned Par-enthood and for the ‘‘global gag rule,’’ which prevents foreign nongovern-mental organizations from receiving U.S. funds if they use their own money to provide safe abortions or even infor-mation about abortion services in their country. I take no pleasure in opposing Mr. Pompeo’s nomination. I wish I could vote for him, as I am the ranking mem-ber of the Appropriations Sub-committee on the Department of State and Foreign Operations. I strongly sup-port the State Department, its mis-sion, its personnel, and its programs. I have consistently defended its budget when others here or in the White House sought to cut it. I am pleased that Mr. Pompeo has said he wants to fill the vacant senior leadership positions at the State De-partment and that he recognizes that the United States has a duty to ‘‘lead the calls for democracy, prosperity, and human rights around the world.’’ But his record in Congress and his staunchly ideological views raise grave concerns about the policy direction he would give to those senior leaders. Given his record and beliefs, there is little reason to believe that he will be an effective or consistent defender of democracy and human rights abroad, particularly in the face of President Trump’s abandonment of those values and principles. In many other respects, Mr. Pompeo’s testimony before the Foreign Relations Committee had all the char-acteristics of a ‘‘confirmation conver-sion,’’ when he contradicted many of his previous statements and positions. As Senator M
ENENDEZ asked, Which Pompeo are we voting for? The job of Secretary of State is too important, es-pecially with Donald Trump in the Oval Office, to roll the dice and dis-count everything Mr. Pompeo has said in the past. If Mr. Pompeo is confirmed, as it ap-pears he will be, I will make every ef-fort to work with him to advance our foreign policy and national security in-terests, as I did with Secretary Tillerson after opposing his nomina-tion, but given the impulsive and reck-less statements and actions of this President and the upheaval at the State Department during the past year, we need a Secretary with the nec-essary temperament, values, and long-standing commitment to diplomacy and development. I hope he proves me wrong, but today I do not believe we have that in this nominee. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, I rise today in opposition to the nomi-nation of Mike Pompeo to be our next Secretary of State. After considering his testimony be-fore the Foreign Relations Committee, his work as Director of the CIA, and his record as a Congressman, I believe he doesn’t possess the skillset nec-essary to be our country’s top dip-lomat. The Secretary of State must be well- versed in the art of diplomacy. They must possess a deft touch necessary to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.001 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2456 April 26, 2018 
operate on the world stage. Unfortu-nately, Mr. Pompeo’s record and his rhetoric show how ill matched he is for this position. Above all, I fear that he would only reinforce President Trump’s worst im-pulses to lash out at our adversaries rather than pursue dogged diplomacy. This is particularly concerning when it comes to Iran. The Iran nuclear agree-ment is the strongest nonproliferation agreement ever negotiated. It blocks Iran from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon, protecting our security and the security of our partners in the re-gion. By all reports, it appears Presi-dent Trump is set on walking away from the Iran nuclear agreement next month, even though Iran continues to abide by its strict terms. If confirmed, I don’t believe Mr. Pompeo would even try to walk the President back from that foolish deci-sion. Instead, he would most likely feed the President’s desire to leave, not be-cause of its merits, but simply because it was negotiated by President Obama. To be clear, if the United States abandons the agreement, we will do so on our own. Our international part-ners—including the United Kingdom, France and Germany—have said they will remain in the agreement so long as Iran complies with it. To date, the IAEA inspectors and our own intel-ligence community have all said that Iran remains in full compliance. When the nuclear agreement was signed, Iran was less than a year away from acquir-ing a nuclear weapon. Today, all of Iran’s paths to a weap-on—the plutonium, uranium and cov-ert—are blocked. The fact that today Iran cannot obtain a nuclear bomb is in spite of Mr. Pompeo’s efforts. During the negotiations leading up to the agreement, then-Congressman Pompeo not only called for the United States to abandon diplomatic efforts, he encouraged us to attack Iran. He said, ‘‘It is under 2,000 sorties to de-stroy the Iranian nuclear capacity. This is not an insurmountable task for the coalition forces.’’ During his recent confirmation hear-ing, he was unable to source that claim or name which other nations would have joined our coalition. That is an especially perplexing position since our strongest allies were all negotiating alongside the United States at the time. After the nuclear agreement came into effect, Mr. Pompeo continued his campaign by sending the Supreme Leader a highly provocative letter. He taunted Tehran, asking for a visa to in-spect Iran’s nuclear facilities, monitor their elections, and receive a briefing on their ballistic missile programs. His publicity stunt only served to further inflame tensions between our coun-tries. Finally, shortly after our elections and the day before he was nominated to be the Director of the CIA, he tweeted: ‘‘I look forward to rolling back this disastrous deal with the world’s largest state sponsor of ter-rorism.’’ When asked about his position during his confirmation hearing, Mr. Pompeo instead simply discounted the real and dangerous possibility that Iran would restart its nuclear weapons program if we abandon the agreement. I see no reason to believe his misinformed views have changed in the past year. As troubling as Mr. Pompeo’s hostile view toward Iran is, I am equally con-cerned by his divisive remarks about minority groups within the United States. Following the Boston Marathon bombings, Mr. Pompeo falsely sug-gested Muslim Americans were complicit in the attacks. The following year, he characterized U.S. counterter-rorism efforts as a struggle between Islam and Christianity. After the Supreme Court’s landmark ruling legalizing same-sex marriage, Mr. Pompeo said the court’s opinion was a ‘‘shocking abuse of power’’ that ‘‘flies in the face of . . . our Constitu-tion.’’ He has also claimed that the ‘‘ideal’’ family has a father and moth-er, a shockingly outdated view of fami-lies here in the United States and around the world. Finally, the State Department plays a leading role in providing family plan-ning assistance abroad. Under Mr. Pompeo, I fear the State Department will retreat from providing this vital assistance. As a Member of the House, Mr. Pompeo repeatedly cosponsored legis-lation to limit a woman’s right to choose. Specifically, he supported bills to make abortion illegal nationwide, even in the case of rape. He also repeatedly supported the ‘‘global gag rule,’’ known as the Mexico City policy, which restricts U.S. funds to any foreign health clinic that pro-vides abortion services, even if it is legal in that country. All too often, rape is considered a weapon of war. Our global health pro-gramming should not be restricted in a manner that ignores this ugly reality. The Secretary of State is charged with representing America’s values to the world and must be committed to exhausting all means of diplomacy to avoid conflict. I don’t believe Mr. Pompeo can do that and shouldn’t be confirmed as Secretary of State. Therefore, I will vote no, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. REED. Madam President, I would like to address the nomination of Di-rector Pompeo to be the next Secretary of State. I intend to vote against this nomination, and I would like to explain how I reached this conclusion. This was a difficult decision. I sup-ported Director Pompeo’s nomination to be Director of the Central Intel-ligence Agency. Director Pompeo is a talented individual who has spent his life in public service, but the job of Secretary of State requires different skill sets and experiences than that of Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. As such, the Senate has a constitu-tional responsibility to review Director Pompeo’s qualifications anew with re-spect to this specific nomination. As I indicated, the role of the Secretary of State is significantly different from that of the CIA Director. The question before us is whether Director Pompeo has the right background, judgment, and independence to faithfully execute the duties of America’s top diplomat. Using those criteria, I have to oppose this nomination. One of the first tasks for the next Secretary of State will be to rebuild the capabilities and morale of the De-partment of State. Over the last year and a half, the Department has strug-gled with widespread vacancies, drastic proposed budget cuts, a Foreign Serv-ice treated with contempt by the White House, and a failed reorganization ef-fort under Secretary Tillerson. The re-sult has been the hemorrhaging of dec-ades of foreign policy expertise, the de-moralization of those who continue to serve at State, and the marginalization of diplomacy as an instrument of na-tional power. I question whether Director Pompeo is right for the task of reversing the damage wrought at the State Depart-ment. During his time in the House, then-Congressman Pompeo was a staunch supporter of Tea Party pro-posals to slash the very State Depart-ment programs that are critical for ad-vancing our foreign policy and national security interests. During his con-firmation hearing earlier this month, Director Pompeo declared his commit-ment to end the ‘‘demoralizing’’ vacan-cies at the State Department and strengthen the diplomatic corps. Even if Director Pompeo has had a late con-version on the road to his nomination for Secretary of State, it is not clear whether he will be any more successful than Secretary Tillerson was in gain-ing White House approval for his de-sired candidates for senior positions or convincing this President to listen to the advice of our experts at Foggy Bot-tom. My deeper concern is whether Direc-tor Pompeo is the right choice to carry out the Secretary of State’s role as the lead advocate for diplomacy as a means of advancing our national interests. The need for effective diplomacy to solve our most pressing security chal-lenges has never been greater. Today’s national security threats are complex, including the reemergence of near-peer competitors Russia and China who seek to undermine the rules-based inter-national order, regional challenges from rogue regimes in North Korea and Iran, and the continuing threat from violent extremist groups that seek to exploit ungoverned spaces to spread their destructive ideologies. Such chal-lenges to our national security require a comprehensive strategy that coordi-nates military and nonmilitary tools of national power. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.002 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2457 April 26, 2018 
I am concerned that President Trump’s bellicose rhetoric and budg-etary priorities indicate a predisposi-tion for choosing military action over diplomatic solutions. Since September 11, we have asked our men and women in uniform to go above and beyond in addressing security and stability chal-lenges globally, and they have re-sponded magnificently. As we face ex-panding threats below the level of armed conflict and insecurity arising from regional destabilization, we need an increased focus on nonmilitary tools and diplomacy to prevent or mitigate these challenges. The next Secretary of State needs to be an effective counter-part for Defense Secretary Mattis in finding diplomatic solutions to the complex crises we face in Syria, the Middle East, North Africa, the South China Sea, and North Korea. Based on his record, I am not con-vinced that Director Pompeo will serve as the strong voice for diplomacy that our military and our country need to counter these pressing threats. Time and again, Director Pompeo has chosen to reject negotiations and call for the use of force. His track record calls into question his ability to be an effective advocate for diplomatic solutions that are in U.S. national interests. With regard to the nuclear deal with Iran, known as the joint comprehensive plan of action, or JCPOA, Director Pompeo has called for ‘‘rolling back’’ this multilateral agreement that was carefully negotiated alongside the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, and China. Director Pompeo’s opposition to the Iran nuclear deal runs counter to views of Defense Sec-retary Mattis and most senior military leadership. As a congressman, Director Pompeo sought to undermine negotia-tions with Iran and advocated for mili-tary airstrikes to destroy its nuclear program. During his confirmation hearing, Director Pompeo indicated that he would not push back against President Trump’s reckless impulse to withdraw from the JCPOA in mid-May, saying instead that he would ‘‘rec-ommend to the President that we do our level best to work with our allies to achieve a better outcome and a bet-ter deal.’’ This response is in spite of the fact that, by all accounts, the JCPOA is working as intended and Iran is verifiably meeting its commitments under the deal. Withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal would also have a profoundly harmful effect on our nuclear negotia-tions with North Korea. North Korea has little reason to engage with us in a serious dialogue if it suspects that we may later withdraw unilaterally from any agreement without cause. During the Trump administration, the risk of conflict with North Korea has in-creased to unprecedented levels, and the diplomatic preparations over the coming weeks will be critical to the success of President Trump’s upcoming summit with the North Korean leader. However, should that summit fail to produce meaningful constraints on North Korea’s nuclear ambitions, I am concerned that the administration will use this failure as a pretext for piv-oting to a preemptive strike against North Korea, and I am not confident that Director Pompeo will be effective in urging restraint by President Trump in opposing military action while seek-ing to redouble efforts to find a nego-tiated solution. Perhaps the most difficult role of any Secretary of State is being an inde-pendent voice willing to say no to the President. I recognize that some say that one of Director Pompeo’s highest qualifications for Secretary of State is his close relationship with the Presi-dent because foreign leaders will know that, when Director Pompeo speaks, he has the backing of President Trump. Director Pompeo’s alleged ‘‘rapport’’ with President Trump raises concerns that he will only tell the President what the President wants to hear and will not provide objective, nuanced pol-icy recommendations based on U.S. for-eign policy interests. I believe we are already seeing this dynamic with re-spect to the JCPOA. Unfortunately, we have seen this sce-nario before. Early in the George W. Bush administration, the President surrounded himself with like-minded advisers who were predisposed to dis-torting the intelligence on Iraq, and, as a result, they failed to present nuanced policy options on the march to war against Saddam Hussein. I am con-cerned that we will find, in hindsight, that Director Pompeo’s closeness to President Trump will prove less an asset and more a shared blind spot that will lead to simplistic policy rec-ommendations, an unwillingness to stand up to the President when he is wrong, and an indulgence of the Presi-dent’s impulsive preference for strat-egy-free displays of military force. The President needs a top diplomat who will provide independent foreign policy recommendations, will press to exhaust all possible diplomatic avenues for the safety of our military and citi-zens, and will boldly represent our core American values. While I believe that Director Pompeo is an honorable and decent man, who has provided life-long service to our country, he is not the right nominee for Secretary of State at this time. As such, I will oppose Direc-tor Pompeo’s nomination for Secretary of State. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I rise today to discuss the nomination of Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. After closely reviewing Mr. Pompeo’s record and past statements, I have con-cluded that he is not the right person to serve as Secretary of State. While I respect him and will work closely with him, I cannot support his nomination. The world continues to look to Amer-ica for our leadership on diplomacy and bringing our allies together. That in-cludes upholding international agree-ments, such as the Paris accord, which Mr. Pompeo has opposed. It also in-cludes respect for people of different ethnic and religious backgrounds, and Mr. Pompeo’s past statements about Muslims and immigrants greatly con-cern me. While I voted in favor of confirming Mr. Pompeo to be the Director of the CIA and thank him for his service, Sec-retary of State is a different job with different responsibilities. Thank you. Mr. MENENDEZ. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise in support of the President’s nomination of Director Mike Pompeo to serve as Secretary of State. Director Pompeo has a very long record of public service which has pre-pared him for this very important posi-tion. Let’s start at the beginning. Director Pompeo was top of his class at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, and he served honorably in the U.S. Army. He is also a graduate of Harvard Law School. In Congress, Di-rector Pompeo was a leader on issues of national security and foreign relations. Finally, and most recently, as Director of the CIA, Director Pompeo has been a successful leader of the world’s best in-telligence professionals who work to resolve some of our Nation’s most sen-sitive and difficult problems. I have heard on the floor of the Sen-ate recently a number of my colleagues who have called into question whether he should serve as our Nation’s top dip-lomat. He has served in the military. He has served as Director of the CIA. What I want to do is go back to the time he spent at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. I wish to remind the body that in the military, we serve in many missions, but one of them does include diplo-macy. As the Presiding Officer under-stands, as military members—whether a marine or a soldier—oftentimes dur-ing conflicts you stand shoulder-to- shoulder with members of other coun-tries. You must have an understanding of the cultural effects and the cultural differences between our nations, and you work to resolve problems. Whether with the indigenous population or whether it is within the military ranks, we serve as diplomats. At West Point, I know Director Pompeo learned this lesson very well. Many of us—whether you go through a military academy or whether you are going through a Reserve Officer Train-ing Corps Program at a university like I did at Iowa State—you learn about what we call the instruments of na-tional power. Those instruments of na-tional power are called DIME. It is an acronym, D-I-M-E. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.004 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2458 April 26, 2018 
D stands for diplomacy. We learn that, again, as members of the military and as officers in our Nation’s mili-tary—so diplomacy. The I is informa-tion. The M, of course, is military and military action. The E stands for eco-nomic action, such as sanctions. Within the realm of diplomacy, we are taught and we work with Ambas-sadors, and we work through Embas-sies. We are taught about the realm of negotiations and treaties and various policies that affect different nations around the globe. We are engaging in international forums. Again, working in the defense space, of course, we have many opportunities to engage with leaders from other countries. Diplo-macy—it is the very basis of the in-struments of national power that we all learn. I know Director Pompeo, in his ca-pacity—whether serving at the CIA or going back many years to when he served in the U.S. Army, quite admi-rably, or back at the Academy when he was first taught those instruments of national power, or DIME, that he is well-versed in working with many na-tions in very difficult circumstances. Again, Director Pompeo has a very long record of public service. Director Pompeo also has had very strong relationships, and he values those relationships. His relationship with Secretary of Defense Mattis will prove invaluable as he works to ensure peace through strength. Additionally, I am confident he will inspire and lead the men and women of our State De-partment to achieve results for our Na-tion, and those results will be centered around diplomacy. Director Pompeo understands the threats we face as a nation every day. During a time when the threats against the United States continue to grow around the globe, it is important—im-portant—for President Trump to have his full diplomatic and national secu-rity team in place. We must do this. Diplomacy. Diplomacy. Director Pompeo is also the right person to serve as our top diplomat. He will rise to meet the challenges and foster the relationships we need around the world to keep our Nation free, se-cure, and prosperous. Again, I go back to the instruments of national power: D-I-M-E. The first is always diplomacy. Director Pompeo understands, and I am glad that we as a body will be tak-ing up his confirmation vote today. I urge my colleagues to support this eminently qualified man as our next Secretary of State. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING MATTHEW POLLARD  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, it is with great sadness that I rise to note the passing of, and acknowledgement of, the service of a valued member of the Intelligence Committee staff. On the evening of April 23, while attending a conference on behalf of the committee, Matthew Pollard lost his life to a heart attack. He was 52 years old. Matt is survived by his mother, three older sis-ters, and a young son Bradley, who was the cherished one. Matt served honorably in the Army as an intelligence officer and twice de-ployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, from 2003 to 2004, and Oper-ation Enduring Freedom, from 2009 to 2010. Matt was smart. He was really smart. He held a master’s degree in strategic intelligence and mechanical engineer-ing and was close to completing his third master’s degree. Matt had one of those jobs, like many who serve on my committee, that you can’t talk about very much. That silence did not accurately reflect the value he brought to the Intel-ligence Committee. He filled a critical role. He was the majority staff member responsible for conducting oversight over the Nation’s overhead architec-ture. In layman’s terms, he knew sat-ellites. Matt knew a lot about sat-ellites. He knew about what they were capable of and what they weren’t capa-ble of. He knew what they cost and, perhaps more importantly, what they should not have cost. Matt also had the unique ability to explain the unexplainable, which, as many here know, is a rare skill. Matt had a mind and an eye for detail, both technical and budgetary. He prided himself in finding ways to cut the costs of those fantastically expensive pro-grams. On our committee, he had a dis-cerning eye for calling out contractors when he saw deficiencies. Matt was good-natured with his colleagues in in-dustry. He was tough, but those same colleagues loved him. Matt would half smile, half frown at a presentation, and you could see contractors lower their heads and shuffle their feet a little bit because they knew Matt was right. He was universally respected and liked by all who encountered him, whether they sat on the same side of the table or whether they were on the other side. When Matt passed away on Monday, word literally spread around the coun-try in a matter of hours. His loss is devastating to many, including the committee, the members, and the staff. Matt actually served twice on the staff of the Intelligence Committee. He began his first tour with us in March of 2002. That first tour lasted 11 years. Matt couldn’t stay away from the Sen-ate for long, though, and he gave in to tremendous pressure from the Appro-priations Committee to join them, which he did in April of 2014. Matt’s drive to serve was strong. When I became chairman in January of 2015, I had one objective: persuading him to rejoin the Intelligence Com-mittee, and it was one of my top prior-ities. I am eternally grateful that I was able to lure him away from the appro-priators and know, without a doubt, he was one of the strongest members of the Intelligence Committee staff. Matt studied. Matt inquired. He never backed down from a debate. Matt spoke his mind and spoke truth to power, and he did it often without bias. We loved him for all of it, and we will sorely miss Matt. However, more importantly than the values he brought to the committee, to the U.S. Senate, and to the Intelligence Committee was how Matt conducted himself as a person and as a father. Matt loved his son Bradley. That is probably what I will remember most about Matt. Bradley was Matt’s world—Boy Scouts, campouts, soccer games. If Bradley was involved, Matt was there. He was a great dad. We weren’t surprised when we heard that Matt recently misjudged the fore-cast. Despite wearing only a T-shirt and shorts in 40-degree temperatures and whipping winds, he cheered loudly as Bradley played his first soccer game. This is one small example of his devo-tion to Bradley, whom he proudly re-ferred to as ‘‘my boy.’’ Bradley, I want to say thank you for sharing your father with us. We will forever be grateful. Given Matt’s hours and portfolio, he, like many of the staff, often worked on the weekends, and Bradley was a reg-ular presence in the committee, on those weekends, in the committee space. He often could be found playing board games with kids of other staffers who were also working weekends and similarly engaged in finding a work- life balance. Matt’s devotion and generosity ex-tended beyond Bradley. He was also known, on occasion, to lead many ad-ventures around the Capitol. He would take him through the complex with small herds of children in tow so their parents could actually get some work done. Kids would come back full of sto-ries with ‘‘guess what we did’’ to their parents. We at the committee, and our sister committee on the House, will miss hav-ing the benefit of his wisdom and his experience. So, too, will those in the intelligence community who worked with Matt, to include the senior leader-ship at some of the most important agencies. While the American people may have never known Matt by name, hopefully, this statement will give you some in-sight into his character and, more im-portantly, the contributions he made to our Nation’s security. We will miss his expertise, his infectious sense of humor and, most importantly, his friendship. Mr. President, before I yield, I would like to turn to Senator BLUNT . Mr. BLUNT. Thank you, Mr. Chair-man. I certainly agree with and really un-derstand and appreciate all the com-ments the chairman just made about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.013 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2459 April 26, 2018 
Matt Pollard. He was the person I worked most closely with in the intel community. He served his country his whole adult life. He loved his country. He loved his work. He understood the importance of protecting, advancing, and defending who we are. The chairman pointed out his real dedication to his son. Often, Matt would come over to my office for a topline indication of what we were going to be doing when we got to the Intel Committee. Since you really can’t talk about that until you get to the Intel Committee, a sure way to get a good conversation going was to say: Tell me about that son of yours. He would have chapter and verse of what had happened in the last few days of the things he was doing with Brad. He was really appreciated by his co-workers. I talked to the Chaplain yes-terday. He went to see our Intel team moments after they found out about the loss of Matt Pollard, and the Chap-lain was impressed by the emotional sense of loss this whole team felt. He knew more about his area of ex-pertise than anybody on our staff. We will miss that, but we will mostly miss him. We are grateful for his service, grateful for his dedication to his coun-try and his son and the future of both his country and his family. I yield back to the chairman. Mr. BURR. I thank my colleague Senator B
LUNT . Mr. President, we are saddened, but we are blessed. We are saddened at the loss, and we are blessed that we par-ticipated in a small part of Matt Pol-lard’s life on Earth. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, we are about to vote on cloture on the nomination for Secretary of State. I, once again, just to summarize, express my opposition to Mike Pompeo serving as this Nation’s top diplomat. As I said earlier this week in com-mittee, I am genuinely disappointed to be casting a vote against the Secretary of State nominee. I believe the United States needs an effective leader on the global stage, but at the end of the day, as I considered Director Pompeo’s nom-ination, including his hearing, his past statements, and recent revelations, I have lingering concerns, which I out-lined in detail yesterday on the floor and will not go through in detail here again. I do want to say, though, in listening to the remarks of some of my col-leagues this week, I was struck by how easily some characterize legitimate concerns about a nominee as a purely partisan act. I was struck by sugges-tions that somehow Democrats ob-structed this nomination. Democrats on the Foreign Relations Committee agreed to every request of the chairman in the process of consid-ering this nomination. We held hear-ings on the date the chairman re-quested. We held the business meeting to vote on the nomination on the date the chairman requested. We sent the nomination to the floor. Yesterday, we had an opportunity to debate the nomi-nation on the Senate floor, and today we will vote. That is not obstruction. That is a fair and appropriate process— agreed on in a cooperative manner. Democrats have worked with Repub-licans in a constructive manner to con-firm a wide range of nominations. We voted for the President’s nominees for Cabinet members. Nikki Haley was confirmed as the U.N. Ambassador, 96 to 4; John Kelly was confirmed as the Secretary of Homeland Security, 88 to 11; and Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan was confirmed, 94 to 6. This body confirmed Secretary of Defense Mattis by a vote of 98 to 1—98 to 1. It seems Republicans complain about Democratic votes only when they don’t get what they want. I would say it is the President who is politicizing many of these nominees by nominating peo-ple he must know cannot draw broad bipartisan support. There are many qualified candidates this President could have nominated for this critical position, whom I am sure my col-leagues and I—as well as others—would have been happy to confirm. Let me close by providing more ac-tual facts. In the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee alone, we have sent 86 nominees to the Senate floor, and 77 of them have been confirmed, mostly through unanimous consent. It is the Trump administration that has failed to keep pace on nominations. Of the 172 Senate-confirmed positions at the State Department, our Embassies, and USAID, the Trump administration has not nominated anyone to fill 76 of those vacancies. They include ambas-sadorial vacancies left unfilled, which include critical countries of great stra-tegic importance like South Korea, Egypt, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sweden, South Africa, and Turkey. The committee had agreed to hold a nomination hearing for three nominees just this past week, when the adminis-tration asked that the hearing be in-definitely postponed. Let us not forget that Republican leadership can bring up any nominee on the floor at any time they choose. This suggestion that not supporting a nominee you believe is unqualified is a purely partisan act is ridiculous, based upon the facts. What is partisan is to hold up a quali-fied nominee for Justice to the Su-preme Court, like Merrick Garland for 295 days, without a hearing or even a vote. So please save me the sanctimo-nious voices of this question of par-tisanship. It is the article I right of this body to vet nominees and cast the vote they think is correct. I believe strongly that the Congress plays a vital role in the check and balance of any executive branch, and I believe that regardless of who is sitting in the White House. That is what article I is all about. I close simply by saying, we will con-tinue working to advance those nomi-nees who are qualified. We will con-tinue to work with the chairman, as we have, and we will support those nomi-nees who truly are qualified. Even if we do not agree, we certainly want to be of support in the mission to make sure America is safe and secure. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I thank the ranking member for, as he men-tioned, allowing this process to go for-ward and for our being able to vote on this nominee today. I think all of us are aware that there is a NATO sum-mit where foreign ministers are going to be present. Our passing him out today will allow Director Pompeo, Sec-retary of State Pompeo, to be a partici-pant in a meeting that needs to take place. So I thank him for his coopera-tion and, certainly, for his point of view. Let me offer a different point of view, though, as it relates to this nominee. I think he is one of the most out-standing nominees we could have for this position. I did not know him well when the process began. I knew he had done a very good job as the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Yet I have to tell you that through the proc-ess of his going through the confirma-tion hearings and the conversations we have had and the meetings we have had, I think he is going to be exem-plary. Let me just go through his re-sume briefly as I know people are here, ready to vote. He graduated first in his class at West Point. He served our Nation in uniform and patrolled the Iron Curtain. It was there that he learned about di-plomacy and the effect that diplomacy can have on the world. What I have found from those individuals who have worn the uniform, from those people we hold on a pedestal like our Pre-siding Officer, is that they respect di-plomacy more than most anyone else because they know it is the thing that keeps our men and women from being in harm’s way. I know this nominee be-lieves strongly in the role of diplomacy and has seen it in action firsthand on the ground. After serving in the military, he graduated from Harvard Law School, where he was the editor of the Harvard Law Review. He then founded his own company, acting as the CEO. He be-came the president of another company after that. So he has served in the pri-vate sector. He was elected four times in Kansas to represent the Fourth Dis-trict in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. Let me just say this. Sometimes peo-ple say things when they are in public office and when they are running cam-paigns, and I know something has been said about that. I will say we con-firmed Secretary Kerry and Secretary Clinton by 94 votes, and I can assure you that during their campaigns, they may have said some things that Repub-licans didn’t particularly care for. Yet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.015 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2460 April 26, 2018 
we went ahead and confirmed them with 94 votes on the floor. For the last 15 months, he has served our Nation as the Director of the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency. I think every-one knows how he has run that Agency, and I think everyone knows the culture that he has built there. Right now, the State Department has a terrible cul-ture. The morale is terrible. As my friend the ranking member mentioned, a lot of positions have not been filled, but they also feel like they have not had a leader in some time who has real-ly stood behind them and raised them up in order to leverage our diplomatic efforts around the world. I believe this particular nominee will be excellently suited for that. He has demonstrated that at the CIA. I strongly support his nomination. With that, I look forward to the vote. I look forward to his serving our Nation. I don’t know of a person in the United States of America who could have more current knowledge about what is hap-pening around the world in his current role. As we know, he has already met with the North Koreans. We have known for some time that the CIA has been our contact, our back channel, with the North Koreans. He is the per-fect person to come in at this time and lead those efforts diplomatically. I yield the floor. I also yield back any remaining time. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Sec-retary of State. Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, Todd Young, John Cornyn, Bill Cassidy, John Boozman, Deb Fischer, David Perdue, James Lankford, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, Tom Cotton, Mike Rounds, Roy Blunt, James M. Inhofe, Thom Tillis, Bob Corker. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Sec-retary of State, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 57, nays 42, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 83 Ex.] YEAS—57 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 57, the nays are 42. The motion is agreed to. Under the previous order, all postcloture time is expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Pompeo nomi-nation? Mr. HATCH. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 57, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 84 Ex.] YEAS—57 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will re-port. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Richard Grenell, of California, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Federal Republic of Germany. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture motion with respect to the Grenell nomination be withdrawn; that the time until 1:45 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form; and that upon the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening ac-tion or debate; further, that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, the time until 1:45 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The majority whip. 
CONFIRMATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we have just voted to confirm Mike Pompeo to be the next Secretary of State for the United States—an essential member of the President’s Cabinet. There has been a tradition of sorts in this deliberative body to give some def-erence to the President on his pick for chief diplomat, recognizing that for-eign governments view the chief dip-lomat or Secretary of State as being the personal representative of the President himself, the thought being that whoever wins the election de-serves the ability to assemble their own team and build a Cabinet with top brass whom he respects and can work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.016 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2461 April 26, 2018 
well with. That is how the system has worked. The party that lost the elec-tion accepted Cabinet nominees—ab-sent some glaring or egregious reason not to—and agreed to leave ongoing po-litical battles for another day. This is not just some ancient history, by the way. In fact, this week I have discussed at length many modern-day instances of it. For example, Condoleezza Rice passed with 85 votes. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton passed with 94 votes. Secretary Colin Powell sailed through the process, needing only a voice vote—not even a rollcall vote—to be confirmed. All of these men and women were confirmed because all of them had the qualifications to do the job, and so does Mike Pompeo. It is absolutely clear that he has both the credentials and the character required to be a success-ful Secretary of State. I won’t recite all the lines of his stellar re´sume´be-cause you have heard them before, and we have just confirmed him. The point is simply that the man has what it takes for the job. That is why the ‘‘no’’ votes by our Democratic col-leagues rang so hollow. All of their statements have been lacking in any real, substantive critique. It is clear that their ‘‘no’’ vote is primarily a way to lash out at President Trump because anybody President Trump chooses, they instinctively and reflexively op-pose. It was disappointing, but in to-day’s environment, it is not all that surprising. Their obstruction was not only a sad break from the tradition that I men-tioned a moment ago but was also a sorry continuation of the hyperpartisanship that they have been engaging in with so many of the Presi-dent’s Cabinet nominees since he took office. Not long ago, Mike Pompeo was one of the exceptions. Fourteen Demo-crats and one Independent supported his confirmation as CIA Director. Yet now, 1 year later, after his unblemished service as CIA Director, only three are voicing their support for him. Nothing has changed about the man, about Mike Pompeo himself, but everything has changed about the way Democrats view their responsibility in this Cham-ber, not just to their constituents but to the Senate as a whole. What has changed is their disdain for the Presi-dent himself. It has grown, and they have decided to take it out on his nominees, which is unfair, of course, but it is also unwise. Any frustration they have is all the more reason why they should support a man like Mike Pompeo, who throughout his career has shown his capacity to exercise good judgment. He is no mere lackey or po-litical shill—anyone would tell you that—and his experiences speak for themselves in that regard. The worst part of this whole debacle is that those who have suffered the most while we get our act together are the American people. They are aware— more so, maybe, than some of us—of what is happening across the world: threats posed by Russia, China, and North Korea, the unravelling of Syria. They are right to wonder why in the world the Senate would dawdle and po-liticize the confirmation of a well- qualified person and leave the rest of the world in doubt as to who is going to be representing us as our diplomat in chief. The American people understand how precarious our situation is in North Korea, which Admiral Harris of the U.S. Pacific Command has called ‘‘the greatest threat we face.’’ This is not a time for partisanship, for hyperpartisanship, or for voting reflex-ively against everybody the President has proposed as a nominee. The next Secretary of State will play a vital role in the negotiations with North Korea. In fact, as we now know, Mike Pompeo has already taken the initial steps, laying the groundwork and the foundation for what we all hope will be a successful negotiation on the denuclearization of the Korean Pe-ninsula. Those are some of the reasons I strongly supported Mike Pompeo’s nomination to lead the State Depart-ment, and I hope our colleagues will somehow find a way to overcome this reflexive opposition to everything the President has proposed and their hyperpartisan response every time the President proposes either a nominee or some policy provision. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
DARK MONEY  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, if I told you that a cabal of wealthy elites and special interests were spinning a web of deceit to lie to the American people and to rig the levers of power in their favor, you would think I was talking about the plot of some movie, some TV show, or some novel. But, as Senator W
HITEHOUSE and several of our colleagues have come to the floor to demonstrate this past week, this isn’t about the plot of a movie; this is real life that it is happening here right now, and it is important that we as Ameri-cans and we as Members of the Senate face it squarely and understand how this manipulation is being designed to take our ‘‘we the people’’ Constitution and turn it on its head—turn it into a government of, by, and for the powerful rather than of, by, and for the people. Today, I am going to share with you a little bit of information about one piece of this web of deceit, and that is the Heritage Foundation. It is a well- known name here in Washington after decades of engaging in a mission of for-mulating and promoting rightwing public policies. People hear ‘‘Heritage Foundation,’’ and they know what it is. As Jane Mayer writes in her book ‘‘Dark Money,’’ it was created to be ‘‘purposefully political, priding itself on creating, selling, and injecting con-servative ideas into the American mainstream.’’ Well, that is a more complicated way of saying that it was created to be an advocate for the fossil fuel industry and to mislead Americans in every possible way in order for them to continue their deeply damaging and polluting ways. Ms. Mayer goes on to describe the organization as a ‘‘polit-ical weapon’’ disguised as a think tank, and that pretty much sums it up. One of the organization’s founders, Paul Weyrich, once said about solidi-fying power for the biggest corpora-tions and wealthiest Americans: I don’t want everybody to vote. . . . As a matter of fact, our leverage in the elections quite candidly goes up as the voting popu-lace goes down.’’ 
Thus there is this intense support to engage in voter suppression. If you are a red-blooded American, you believe in the vision of voter empowerment, not voter suppression. So that says a lot about what this organization is all about. It is not we the people, it is not voters empowerment but rigging this Nation and this process for the power-ful and the privileged. The papers, reports, and journals that come from the Heritage Founda-tion work to muddy the water on es-tablished science. I did find it inter-esting that every now and then they promote an idea that actually makes some sense. Back in 1989 they pro-moted, in a publication entitled ‘‘En-suring Affordable Healthcare for all Americans,’’ a plan to establish a mar-ketplace with tax credits to enable people to be able to help buy policies. This was the foundation for RomneyCare in Massachusetts, and it became the foundation then for the Af-fordable Care Act. In fact, back then, long before the Af-fordable Care Act came along, people like House Speaker Newt Gingrich, whenever he talked about the possi-bility of improving government healthcare, he talked about the Herit-age Foundation’s plan for a market-place, but the moment an administra-tion came along that happened to be a Democratic administration that took that idea seriously, the Heritage Foun-dation immediately abandoned it, which goes to my point that they are engaged directly in the game of poli-tics on behalf of the Koch brothers’ cabal and sabotaging, in a partisan and political way, the blue team at any possible moment. In one brief, Heritage explained away their change of heart saying: ‘‘Analysts once supported a limited and qualified insurance mandate’’ but now believed it was ‘‘bad public policy’’ because the mandate came from the Heritage Foun-dation. In 2012, Stuart Butler, the Heritage Foundation researcher who authored the original publication calling for an individual mandate, wrote an op-ed saying he had changed his mind, and he titled it, ‘‘Don’t blame Heritage for ‘ObamaCare’ mandate.’’ Well, why not? They put the idea for-ward. It actually was a key principle of insurance marketplaces, otherwise you created an insurance death cycle. So they put the idea forward. They pro-moted the marketplace. They said this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.020 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2462 April 26, 2018 
is what is necessary, and then they abandoned it, when it was advan-tageous, to a partisan, political attack. In fact, the then-president, former Senator Jim DeMint, went out in 2013 on a multi-State tour to basically drive up support for stopping the very idea that Heritage had initiated. They certainly have gone out of their way in this effort for voter suppression, which is a complete affront to the most fundamental and basic right of our Na-tion. In reports, they make claims like ‘‘there is no credible evidence that voter-ID laws have impeded turnout, especially among minorities and Demo-crats, as their opponents suggest.’’ Well, of course, the exact opposite is true. In regard to North Carolina, they said that ‘‘there has been no ‘suppres-sion’ of the turnout of North Carolina voters by any of these reform meas-ures.’’ OK. Not true. In fact, it was exactly the intent of impeding the turnout that was debated in the North Carolina Legislature. That was the heart of why they undertook it. In fact, when the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals reviewed it, they de-scribed it as ‘‘almost surgical preci-sion’’ in the way it was targeted at sup-pressing the vote by minority voters. The U.S. Supreme Court reviewed it and they refused to hear a case appeal-ing the lower court’s ruling. Then there is the real heart of this web of deceit; that is, the Heritage Foundation’s decades of efforts to say that carbon dioxide pollution is just fine, don’t worry. I think about how back in 1959, Ed-ward Teller was addressing the 100-year anniversary of the oil industry. They invited him to speak, as an eminent scientist, and he said many good things about the role that burning fossil fuels could do to amplify the energy in America, but he also said there are two challenges this industry has. The first challenge is that there is a limited amount of fossil fuels in the ground and someday we will run up against that shortfall and we will have to switch to other forms of energy. It turned out there was a lot more fossil fuels around the planet than we ever anticipated in 1959. The second point he made was, you know, this may not seem like a pollut-ant because you can’t smell it—this carbon dioxide—you can’t see it, but it has the intriguing and problematic characteristic in that carbon dioxide traps heat. It traps infrared energy. As a consequence, it is going to cause great disturbances as it builds up in the atmosphere. He specifically talked about its effect on the Poles in raising temperatures, melting ice, and raising sea levels. Today we know it has many more im-pacts that Teller didn’t elaborate on back in 1959 but come from this warm-ing impact. We have seen global tem-peratures reach a record year after year after year, with some 17 of the hottest years occurring in the last 18 years, which is a phenomenal indica-tion of the direction we are headed. When I was running for office, a bil-lion baby oysters died in Oregon at a hatchery not because of a virus but be-cause the acidity of the water had grown 30 percent over the course of the Industrial Revolution burning fossil fuels. How is that connected? It is be-cause burning the fossil fuels produces carbon dioxide. The wave action takes that carbon dioxide and turns it into carbonic acid, and now we have a mas-sive flow of acid into the oceans— enough to change its acidity level by 30 percent, enough to kill baby oysters because it is so difficult to start ex-tracting the chemicals for a shell out of the water when the acidic level is so much higher. We have seen the impact on our coral reefs—the ocean acidity combined with the temperature of the ocean. As many already understand, coral is an animal that lives in a symbiotic relationship with algae. When the temperature of the ocean gets warmer, the algae over-whelms the coral, the coral expels it and basically commits suicide. It is called bleaching. They throw the sym-biotic algae out, and then the coral dies, and the acidity adds to that dif-ficulty of the coral forming the coral structure itself. Lastly, we were sent a huge message by Mother Nature. Remember, Harvey and Irma and Maria, three dramatic hurricanes all hitting the United States of America. Why did they carry so much punch? They carried it be-cause 90 percent of the heat that is trapped by global warming is trapped in the ocean, and that greater energy in the ocean then produces stronger hurricanes. If that wasn’t enough, we had those raging forest fires from Montana on through to the northwest corner of Washington State, down through Or-egon, deep into California and way late in the season, clear to December—a much longer season. Many acres burned in those fierce fires. So whether it was hurricanes or rag-ing forest fires, Mother Nature is try-ing to say something is dramatically wrong, and you better act. The Heritage Foundation is there for political purposes. They are there to do the Koch brothers’ bidding. So their purpose is to sow doubt, mislead Amer-icans. It is like the tobacco industry misleading Americans about the fact that smoking cigarettes causes cancer. In the course of their greed, they are damaging the world in a colossal way, and we have to call them out. We have to strip away their pretense to be seri-ous about policy and know what it is all about: the greed of the fossil fuel in-dustry for short-term profits while deeply damaging this beautiful, blue- green planet that we have the responsi-bility to protect. They said climate change is ‘‘a po-tentially serious issue’’ that ‘‘might cause problems in the future, but the impacts cannot be determined with any degree of certainty.’’ What a colossal lie. It is not ‘‘poten-tial.’’ It is here now. It is not ‘‘might cause problems.’’ It is causing prob-lems. Scientists do measure it in all kinds of ways. They measure it with a thermometer when they measure the temperature of the air and water. They measure it with a yardstick when they measure the oceans, and they measure it with the movement of insects and animals that we see all throughout our Nation, from the spread of diseases like Zika to the spread of challenges like the pine beetle in the Northwest and the ticks in the Northeast. They bla-tantly distort and misrepresent the truth. They did this on a Royal Society’s statement on climate. They edited it to change a powerful statement about the problem into one that casts doubt on the issue. They just did this. Now, let me explain that this is not— the Royal Society is not just any orga-nization; this is the United Kingdom’s national science academy and a fellow-ship of the world’s most eminent sci-entists. It has been around since the 1660s, bringing scientific facts to policy debates. It included Sir Isaac Newton. It included Charles Darwin. It included Albert Einstein. It included Benjamin Franklin. It included the late Stephen Hawking. In 2010, the Heritage fellow, who hap-pened to be a former Koch Foundation associate, just coincidentally, posted a blog on the foundation’s site entitled ‘‘U.S. Could Learn from U.K.’s Global Warming Reversal.’’ The very title is saying the opposite of what the actual document said. It commented on this blog on a ‘‘dramatic reversal’’ of the Royal Society on climate, but the blog cut and pasted parts of the report to make it say the opposite of what it ac-tually said. So 10 pages, 48 paragraphs, that laid out the impact of climate chaos were edited out in order to mischaracterize the Royal Society’s conclusions. This is the type of truth-bending, misrepresentation, and outright lies the Heritage Foundation is involved in on behalf of the Koch brothers. The re-port summary even said the report ‘‘shows that there is strong evi-dence’’—this is the actual report, not the blog—‘‘strong evidence of Earth’s warming caused by human activity.’’ The Heritage Foundation proceeds to say things like the ‘‘hysteria over glob-al warming is now pervasive in the fed-eral government.’’ They say ‘‘hysteria’’ because they want to dismiss it as some emotional response rather than the conclusion of virtually the entire scientific commu-nity. Every major scientific organiza-tion in the world weighing in on why it is they want to rein in EPA’s regu-latory excesses, what they say are— this is what they say: We want to rein in ‘‘EPA’s regulatory excesses with re-spect to carbon dioxide and other greenhouse-gas emissions’’ and that the reining-in is ‘‘long overdue.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.022 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2463 April 26, 2018 
They go on to say: ‘‘Congress should insist on preventing . . . regulators from mandating greenhouse-gas-emis-sions caps, or from using greenhouse- gas emissions as a means to promul-gate a rule.’’ In other words, what they are saying is, we are misconstruing the science, outright lying to the American people, to prevent Congress from responding to this dramatic impact on our country— not just on our country but on the world. They also proceed to misrepresent a lot of information about the impacts of oil drilling. There is a 1985 piece in Her-itage Today entitled ‘‘Offshore Oil Drilling: Good for the Economy. Great for the fish.’’ According to the article, the fears of proponents of the ban on offshore drilling that ‘‘another disaster like the Santa Barbara Channel spill in 1969, when [up to] two-million gallons of sepia-colored oil bubbled up from the ocean floor, covering hundreds of square miles of sea’’ were not justified. Fears about another disaster were not justified. Why? They said because ‘‘offshore oil and gas production is carefully regulated.’’ It went on to say that ‘‘every off-shore operation must include three blow-out preventers and casings for drills; drills must be cemented into the surrounding earth.’’ Then they said: ‘‘Oil companies must submit an oil spill contingency plan’’ and ‘‘frequent safety inspections, scheduled and unscheduled, further re-duce the risk of spills.’’ Tell that to the crew of the Deep-water Horizon, because what we learned when we investigated what happened with Deepwater Horizon and what happened at other drilling plat-forms all around the gulf was the exact opposite of what the Heritage Founda-tion put forward on behalf of the Koch brothers and the fossil fuel business. What we really found out is that the blowout preventers were poorly de-signed. They failed. An explosion sunk the rig, and a sea floor gusher flowed for 87 days, 3 months. The Associated Press found that in the lead-up to the accident, Deepwater Horizon wasn’t carefully regulated. It said a quarter of the required inspec-tions were never carried out. It said the rig ‘‘was allowed to operate with-out safety documentation’’ that was required; that they had received five or six safety citations, the most serious of which occurred in 2002, ‘‘when the rig was shut down because required pres-sure tests had not been conducted on the blowout preventer—the device that was supposed to stop oil from gushing out’’ if things went wrong. The gulf coast is still trying to re-cover from this disaster: 4 to 8 billion harvestable oysters killed; 51,000 to 84,000 birds killed; 56,000 to 166,000 sea turtles killed; a 51-percent decrease in the dolphin population; an estimated $2 trillion to $5 trillion of newly hatched fish killed. The list goes on and on, hardly the vision the Heritage Founda-tion wanted to put forward. So how does this web of deceit work? Just follow the money. Since 1998, they have received a huge amount of sup-port from the fossil fuel industry— $780,000 just from one company, ExxonMobil. Over the course of a num-ber of years, the Koch Foundation gave more than $5.7 million to fund their work. There was an additional nearly $5 million received from the Claude R. Lambe Foundation, which happens to be one of the Koch Family Founda-tions. Heritage is also a member of the State Policy Network, a web of right-wing think tanks across the country that the Koch brothers own. Koch money is coming from every direction. Heritage Foundation is the puppet of the Koch cartel enterprise. That is only the tip of the iceberg of how this system works. We can trace back all of these pieces to the fossil fuel efforts to mislead the American public, to lie to the American public, and to spread doubt about actual sci-entific work. We see their connections all through the Trump administration. When the Koch brothers say jump, the President of the United States says: How high? Then he does whatever they ask. If they want Scott Pruitt as head of the EPA, that is who they are going to get. If they want the Congressman whom they have championed throughout his entire career to be our chief diplomat, that is what they get. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, if I can wrap up in two sentences, I will say that this web of deceit is enor-mously damaging to our Nation. Let’s call it out. Let’s have an actual debate based on the science and not let the Koch brothers do what the tobacco in-dustry did and mislead the American public decade after decade after decade to the great damage of the citizens of this great country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, last month I had the pleasure of spending a lot of time with several mayors and local leaders who were in Washington with the Arkansas Municipal League. We had a lively and informative discus-sion on ways to continue the economic growth that has been taking place throughout Arkansas. While much of our conversation was focused on forward-thinking ways to continue these positive trends, there was also a very frank and candid dis-cussion about an issue that is currently holding our communities back—the opioid crisis. Policymakers across our State have been struggling to help confront Ar-kansas’s heroin and opioid epidemic. The Natural State has been hit par-ticularly hard by this national crisis. Retail data collected from pharmacies shows that Arkansas has one of the highest per capita opioid consumption rates in the Nation. CDC data shows that we have the second highest pre-scribing rate in the country—enough for each Arkansan to have more than one opioid prescription in his or her name. It is an issue that all of us—from city leaders to lawmakers in Little Rock, to our Congressional delegation in Wash-ington—continue to work tirelessly to confront because we have seen how per-vasive this crisis is and how dev-astating its effects are. I know that everyone who serves in this Chamber is working just as fever-ishly with their State and local leaders to confront the crisis. That is why it is so important that we included substan-tial resources for a wide-ranging strat-egy to counter the epidemic, nearly $4 billion, in the omnibus bill. This funding will be used to provide additional resources for law enforce-ment and to continue important grant programs that help State and local governments offset the cost of opioid abuse. It will also support research into opioid addiction and alternative treatments. We must ensure that we are doing all we can to supplement State and local efforts to combat the spread of opioid abuse. Unfortunately, this is not cur-rently happening. The Department of Justice is hurting our communities’ ef-forts to get a handle on the crisis by withholding critical funds. The Byrne JAG grant program was created more than a decade ago to help States and local law enforcement agen-cies purchase essential equipment and support drug treatment and enforce-ment activities. It is the largest source of Federal justice funding to help pro-vide law enforcement officers with the tools and training to protect our com-munities. Currently, DOJ is denying every State access to those funds because some communities and States are vio-lating Federal immigration law. This leaves States like Arkansas scrambling to continue funding crucial safety pro-grams. Arkansas law enforcement agencies have received millions of dollars through this program to support train-ing, personnel, equipment, supplies, and information sharing. Arkansas is eligible for more than $2 million in funding from fiscal year 2017 to help fund multijurisdictional programs like drug task forces. Earlier this year, I met with Arkan-sas drug director Kirk Lane to discuss how crucial the Byrne JAG program is to our State’s efforts to combat opioid abuse. Director Lane stressed that lim-ited funds threaten the abilities of task forces to accomplish their missions. Matching funds from the State are running dry. So unless DOJ releases Byrne JAG funds, the critical work done by officers who are part of these task forces to fight the opioid epidemic will be seriously compromised. That is why earlier this year I led a bipartisan effort to express these concerns to At-torney General Sessions. Half a dozen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.023 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2464 April 26, 2018 
of our colleagues joined me in an effort to relay to the Attorney General that withholding these vital funds will have long-term negative consequences for our communities. Since we have not received a re-sponse from DOJ, I raised the issue again with the Attorney General at yesterday’s Appropriations sub-committee hearing. As I said to the At-torney General, when I speak with local law enforcement and county sher-iffs back in Arkansas, they all inquire about when these funds will be released and made available. While it may not seem like a whole lot of money, Byrne JAG grants make a huge difference. It is often the sole reason police departments in small communities are able to stand up a drug task force. I was encouraged by the Attorney General’s response that the Department is determined to get the money out and that it is a high pri-ority for him personally. It simply has to get done. I urge DOJ to rectify this situation quickly. With each passing day that local law enforcement is being denied these resources, lives that could be saved are lost. While we look for new ways to tackle this problem, one step Washington took years ago continues to help. The National Prescription Drug Take Back Day initiative, spearheaded by the DEA, has helped remove expired, un-used, and unnecessary opioids from homes. Research has found that the majority of opioid abusers get their drugs from friends and family, often lifting pills from a familiar medicine cabinet. Re-moving them from homes helps to re-duce experimentation and overdoses. In early 2010, a coalition of Federal and State law enforcement officials, prevention professionals, and private organizations launched an ongoing edu-cation program to encourage Arkan-sans to monitor, secure, and dispose of their prescription medications. The co-alition organized Arkansas’s participa-tion in the DEA’s National Prescrip-tion Take Back Day initiative and has hosted Arkansas Take Back Day col-lection events for the last 8 years. Despite our State’s modest popu-lation, Arkansas ranks 13th in the Na-tion in total weight collected over the course of 14 statewide take-back events. That is a testament to the coa-lition’s efforts. These events have pro-duced the return of almost 132 tons of unneeded medications, which amounts to over 400 million pills. This campaign is clearly succeeding in getting unnecessary prescription drugs out of circulation and in helping to break the cycle of addiction in our communities. Besides that, it is so im-portant in getting rid of these prescrip-tions in the right way, as opposed to just flushing them in the toilet where they get in our water supply. The next take-back event is Satur-day, April 28. There are more than 130 permanent dropoff sites across Arkan-sas, and many law enforcement agen-cies host temporary dropoff sites on this day as well. I encourage Arkan-sans to once again participate in this worthwhile event in full force this year. Programs like the prescription drug take-back, in combination with local, State, and national efforts to combat the opioid crisis and help stem the tide of drug overdose and abuse, need to be supported and strengthened if we are serious about ending this crisis. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, Mr. Grenell has a deep background in diplo-macy and strategic communications. He received his master’s degree in pub-lic administration from Harvard Uni-versity at the John F. Kennedy School of Government. He spent 8 years as spokesman for the U.S. Mission to the United Nations in New York and worked for every U.N. Ambassador ap-pointed by George W. Bush. German Chancellor Angela Merkel is scheduled to arrive in DC tomorrow for a 1-day working trip to meet with President Trump. Her visit comes at a time of heightened importance, with a number of critical items on the agenda, including transatlantic trade, the Iran nuclear deal, as well as Russia and Syria. I think it is very fitting that we are voting on this Ambassadorship today. I hope he will be quickly confirmed and sworn in. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Grenell nomination? Mr. INHOFE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 56, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 85 Ex.] YEAS—56 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 673. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, John Cornyn, John Hoeven, John Kennedy, Johnny Isakson, Chuck Grassley, Cory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.025 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2465 April 26, 2018 
Gardner, James E. Risch, Thom Tillis, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, Mike Rounds, Roy Blunt, Richard Burr, John Thune, Tom Cotton. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 690. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Johnny Isakson, James Lankford, Steve Daines, Ben Sasse, Mike Crapo, John Kennedy, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Shelley Moore Capito, Tom Cotton, Cory Gard-ner. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 729. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Johnny Isakson, James Lankford, Steve Daines, Ben Sasse, Mike Crapo, John Kennedy, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Shelley Moore Capito, Tom Cotton, Cory Gard-ner. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 777. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Johnny Isakson, James Lankford, Steve Daines, Ben Sasse, Mike Crapo, John Kennedy, John Barrasso, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Shelley Moore Capito, Tom Cotton, Cory Gard-ner. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 780. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sev-enth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, John-ny Isakson, Pat Roberts, Steve Daines, Cory Gardner, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio, Roy Blunt, Mike Crapo, Richard Burr, John Boozman, John Thune, Thom Tillis, James Lankford, Jeff Flake, Mike Rounds. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 781. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.029 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2466 April 26, 2018 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, John-ny Isakson, Pat Roberts, Steve Daines, Cory Gardner, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio, Roy Blunt, Mike Crapo, Richard Burr, John Boozman, John Thune, Thom Tillis, James Lankford, Jeff Flake, Mike Rounds. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Washington. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the immediate consid-eration of a bill, which is at the desk, that provides alternative minimum funding rules for certain single-em-ployer plans maintained by a commu-nity newspaper; that the bill be consid-ered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The President pro tempore. Mr. HATCH. Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, the legislation in question makes a significant change to the pension funding rule, but it is nar-rowly written to only address issues concerning a single retirement plan. There are a number of companies that have similar funding issues which are not addressed by my colleague’s pro-posal. I appreciate the work that my col-league Senator M
URRAY has done on this issue, and I appreciate that there is ongoing bipartisan work on issues that her legislation addresses as well as on other issues surrounding retire-ment plans. The committees with jurisdiction over these issues, including the Fi-nance Committee, continue to work on bipartisan solutions that have not fully vetted the matter that my friend Sen-ator M
URRAY is putting forth today. Until they do so, it is not appropriate to move this measure forward. There-fore, I respectfully object to this unani-mous consent request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The President pro tempore. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 621, 789, 790, 774, 768, 769, 770, 771, 772, 784, 785, 786, 787, 821, 773, 775, and 776. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nominations of Yleem D.S. Poblete, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Verifi-cation and Compliance); Thomas J. Hushek, of Wisconsin, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of South Sudan; Kirsten Dawn Madison, of Florida, to be an As-sistant Secretary of State (Inter-national Narcotics and Law Enforce-ment Affairs); Kenneth Steven Barbic, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Agriculture; Timothy A. Garrison, of Missouri, to be United States Attorney for the West-ern District of Missouri for the term of four years; Kenji M. Price, of Hawaii, to be United States Attorney for the District of Hawaii for the term of four years; John Cary Bittick, of Georgia, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of Georgia for the term of four years; David L. Lyons, of Geor-gia, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Georgia for the term of four years; Rodney D. Ostermiller, of Montana, to be United States Marshal for the District of Mon-tana for the term of four years; Nicola T. Hanna, of California, to be United States Attorney for the Central Dis-trict of California for the term of four years; Steven L. Gladden, of North Carolina, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of North Caro-lina for the term of four years; Brendan O. Heffner, of Illinois, to be United States Marshal for the Central District of Illinois for the term of four years; Theodor G. Short, of Maine, to be United States Marshal for the District of Maine for the term of four years; Jon Parrish Peede, of Mississippi, to be Chairperson of the National Endow-ment for the Humanities for a term of four years; Hannibal Ware, of the Vir-gin Islands, to be Inspector General, Small Business Administration; Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims for the term of fifteen years; and Paul R. Law-rence, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary for Benefits of the Department of Veterans Affairs en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority lead-er, in consultation with the Demo-cratic leader, the Senate proceed to ex-ecutive session for the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 607. I ask consent that there then be 10 hours of debate equal-ly divided in the usual form and that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomina-tion with no intervening action or de-bate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of Executive Calendar Nos. 791 through 820 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk; that the nominations be confirmed; that the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment as the Surgeon General of the Air Force and appointment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 8036 and 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Dorothy A. Hogg 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.048 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2467 April 26, 2018 
To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Richard P. Snyder The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be admiral Vice Adm. John C. Aquilino The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Vice Adm. Charles A. Richard The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Gregory N. Todd The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. John S. Lemmon The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Ronald C. Copley Rear Adm. (lh) Kathleen M. Creighton The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Brian K. Corey Rear Adm. (lh) Lorin C. Selby Rear Adm. (lh) Johnny R. Wolfe, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment as Deputy Judge Advocate General of the Navy and for appointment to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 5149: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Darse E. Crandall The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Kristen B. Fabry Capt. Joseph D. Noble, Jr. The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Heidi K. Berg Capt. Michael A. Brookes Capt. William E. Chase, III The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. John J. Adametz The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Thomas J. Anderson The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. James A. Aiken Capt. Richard J. Cheeseman, Jr. Capt. Craig A. Clapperton Capt. Keith B. Davids Capt. Joseph A. Diguardo, Jr. Capt. Leonard C. Dollaga Capt. Christopher S. Gray Capt. John E. Gumbleton Capt. James A. Kirk Capt. Timothy J. Kott Capt. Fredrick R. Luchtman Capt. Brendan R. McLane Capt. Scott W. Pappano Capt. Ryan B. Scholl Capt. Lance G. Scott Capt. Philip E. Sobeck Capt. John D. Spencer Capt. Douglas C. Verissimo Capt. George M. Wikoff 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be general Gen. Terrence J. O’Shaughnessy The following named Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Michael T. Gerock 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Stephen G. Fogarty The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army Medical Service Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624 and 3064: To be major general Brig. Gen. Raymond S. Dingle The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Francis M. Beaudette The following named officers for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grades indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sec-tion 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Eugene J. LeBoeuf Brig. Gen. Stephen E. Strand To be brigadier general Col. Aida T. Borras Col. Vincent E. Buggs Col. Barry E. Edberg Col. Cheryn L. Fasano Col. Stephen Iacovelli Col. Isaac Johnson, Jr. Col. James J. Kokaska, Jr. Col. Joseph M. Lestorti Col. Edward H. Merrigan, Jr. Col. Michael D. Roache Col. Beth A. Salisbury Col. Charles S. Sentell, III Col. Jamelle C. Shawley Col. Robert E. Suter 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be admiral Adm. Philip S. Davidson The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. David M. Kriete The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Michelle C. Skubic The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Eugene H. Black, III Rear Adm. (lh) William D. Byrne, Jr. Rear Adm. (lh) Marc H. Dalton Rear Adm. (lh) John V. Fuller Rear Adm. (lh) Michael P. Holland Rear Adm. (lh) Hugh W. Howard, III Rear Adm. (lh) Jeffrey W. Hughes Rear Adm. (lh) Thomas E. Ishee Rear Adm. (lh) Roy I. Kitchener Rear Adm. (lh) Stephen T. Koehler Rear Adm. (lh) Samuel J. Paparo, Jr. Rear Adm. (lh) Jeffrey E. Trussler Rear Adm. (lh) William W. Wheeler, III Rear Adm. (lh) Kenneth R. Whitesell The following named officer for appoint-ment as Chief of Chaplains of the Navy, and appointment to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 5142: To be rear admiral (lower half) Rear Adm. (lh) Brent W. Scott The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Darin K. Via IN THE MARINE CORPS  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. Michael G. Dana The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Lt. Gen. David H. Berger The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Stephen E. Liszewski Col. Lorna M. Mahlock Col. David L. Odom Col. Arthur J. Pasagian Col. Sean M. Salene Col. Kevin J. Stewart Col. William H. Swan Col. Calvert L. Worth, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be lieutenant general Maj. Gen. Charles G. Chiarotti N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN1597 AIR FORCE nominations (4) begin-ning RICHARD G. ANDERSON, and ending JOEL K. WARREN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 8, 2018. PN1600 AIR FORCE nominations (14) begin-ning RONNELLE ARMSTRONG, and ending JOHN MARION VON ALMEN, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Feb-ruary 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.047 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2468 April 26, 2018 
PN1601 AIR FORCE nominations (51) begin-ning ALISON LEE BEACH, and ending CORTNEY LYNN ZUERCHER, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Feb-ruary 8, 2018. PN1788 AIR FORCE nominations (65) begin-ning MICHAEL J. ABBOTT, and ending DAVID RUSSELL WRIGHT, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  PN1753 ARMY nomination of Tia W. Caphart, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 19, 2018. PN1754 ARMY nomination of Napoleon A. Campos, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 19, 2018. PN1755 ARMY nomination of Kevin R. Embry, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 19, 2018. PN1756 ARMY nomination of Andrew J. Furjanic, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 19, 2018. PN1757 ARMY nomination of Daniel L. Lee, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 19, 2018. PN1758 ARMY nomination of John M. Wil-liams, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 19, 2018. PN1789 ARMY nomination of Roberto Sorianoolivas, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1790 ARMY nomination of Jason Palatas, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1791 ARMY nominations (2) beginning JOSE R. REVELES, JR., and ending KEN-NETH J. STRAUSS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1792 ARMY nomination of D012279, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1793 ARMY nomination of Russell B. Gilliland, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1794 ARMY nomination of Erik M. Bauer, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1795 ARMY nomination of Lawrence W. Henry, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1796 ARMY nomination of Kenneth A. Willeford, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1797 ARMY nomination of D012941, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1798 ARMY nomination of Roxanne T. Sickles, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 9, 2018. PN1814 ARMY nomination of James F. Huggins, II, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 10, 2018. PN1817 ARMY nomination of Denny L. Rozenberg, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 10, 2018. 
IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  PN1436—2 FOREIGN SERVICE nomination of Robert F. Grech, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 8, 2018. PN1634 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (2) beginning Karen S. Sliter, and ending Elia P. Vanechanos, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 13, 2018. PN1742 FOREIGN SERVICE nomination of Tuyvan Nguyen, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 12, 2018. PN1744—1 FOREIGN SERVICE nomina-tions (106) beginning Benjamin Thomas Ardell, and ending Alexander Zvinakis, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 12, 2018. PN1745 FOREIGN SERVICE nomination of Abigail Marie Nguema, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 12, 2018. IN THE MARINE CORPS  PN1590 MARINE CORPS nomination of Douglas R. Burian, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of February 5, 2018. PN1799 MARINE CORPS nomination of Chad R. Fitzgerald, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 9, 2018. 
IN THE NAVY  PN1276 NAVY nomination of Edward M. Crossman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 27, 2017. PN1741 NAVY nominations (11) beginning NANA K. APPIAWIAH, and ending AUSTIN R. YOUNGER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 12, 2018. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HOLLY CHRISTENSEN AND BREE HITCHCOCK Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, it is Thursday. As you know, I like to come to the floor, and a lot of the time, my colleague from Louisiana is actually in the Chair, so he gets to hear a lot about the great State of Alaska. I like to come to the floor to talk about someone in my State who has done an amazing job either for their commu-nity or the State or even the country. We call this person our Alaskan of the Week. I know, for the pages, it is their favorite time in the Senate because they get to learn all about what is going on in Alaska. A lot of people watching or watching on TV have found a lot of interest in this because, like every Senator here, I certainly think I come from the best State in the country. It is beautiful right now. I really want to invite everybody who is in the Gallery or watching on TV to come up to Alaska and visit. It will be the trip of a lifetime. I promise. Yet what makes my State truly great is the people, not just the majes-tic mountains and the beauty and the wildlife but the people—strong, kind, caring people who band together—let’s face it—in a State with some extreme environment. Oftentimes, they band together in creative ways. I would like to introduce today our Alaskans of the Week—Holly Christensen, from Palmer, AK, and Bree Hitchcock, who lives in Anchor-age, AK. Both of these incredible women have spent countless hours helping thousands of children in Alas-ka and, really, across America—chil-dren who need help and care and love. They have been helping children who are suffering from cancer. This is a really incredible story. It is one of these stories that, I think, most people love to hear about because it starts with just an idea—a little movement, a spark—that turns into something big unexpectedly. It is a pebble in a pond that creates ripples that turn into waves. This incredible story starts when Holly, an oncology nurse with three young children of her own, received news that Lilly, who was a child of one of her former classmates, was diag-nosed with cancer. Lilly is young girl, and she is going through treatment— chemo. Holly knew this would be a dif-ficult time for Lilly or for any kid who was working through the difficulties associated with cancer. Of course, a lot of times with chemo that means losing your hair. It is especially difficult for a young girl. Holly had an idea. Why not crochet a wig for Lilly with soft yarn that made her look like a princess? So she did that. She found some soft yarn. She crocheted a whimsical wig with long, branded strands of yellow yarn, deco-rated with blue and red flowers, mod-eled after the hair of the Disney char-acter Rapunzel. She gave this to Lilly, and this wig brightened this little girl’s day during a very difficult, dark time. She was able to twirl around in a dress with her Rapunzel braid. She was able, in many ways, to be a kid again and get out of the darkness and dif-ficulty and pain of the cancer treat-ments. Then something really remarkable happened. Lilly and her parents were so happy with the wig that Holly got some friends together, and they began to make a few more wigs and then a few more—a dozen or so—for more chil-dren in Alaska who were suffering from cancer. They were wigs that were all modeled after Disney characters. That is where Bree comes in. She is from Anchorage. She heard about Hol-ly’s project through Facebook, and she began to volunteer. Soon, they were making and distributing hundreds of wigs out of Holly’s one-car garage in Palmer, AK. Eventually, they started a nonprofit organization called the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.051 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2469 April 26, 2018 
Magic Yarn Project. Out of this one lit-tle idea for this one beautiful, little girl, the Magic Yarn Project was born. Soon, dozens of Alaskans began to volunteer their time, and they began to hold workshops in schools and in hos-pitals and in community centers. The magic started to spread throughout Alaska, and then it started to spread throughout the country and even around the world. Thousands of people began making princess hair and superhero hair out of yarn for children who were living in the darkness and suffering through the difficulty of can-cer. To date, this dynamic duo, Holly and Bree, have facilitated the distribution of over 7,000 wigs in 38 countries across the globe for children who are losing their hair due to cancer and chemo-therapy treatments. Think about that—one idea, one wig. Now we are at 7,000. Holly and Bree have amassed an army of over 4,000 volunteers across the country to crochet wigs. This takes time and care and talent. The old, young, and those from every walk of life have reached out to them to help brighten a child’s life. A foot-ball player from the Seattle Seahawks went to the first out-of-State workshop they held in Seattle. Everybody has been getting involved here. There are even women who are incarcerated in Alaska who are making whimsical wigs for these kids. It is impacting every-body. Out of this one-car garage in Palmer, AK, which is a small town with a big heart, literally, the production and love and care of making these wigs has overtaken not just Alaska, not just the country but the world. Because of the project’s growing popularity and their desire to reach as many children and volunteers as possible, the two have opened up chapters in seven States and even in Mexico. It has been daunting and a lot of work, but they have dis-covered so much about themselves and their community. First, they were struck with how generous Alaskans are, and it was only possible because Alaskans from all across the State rose to the occasion to help these young kids. Bree said the Magic Yarn Project has pushed her in ways she never knew were possible. It made her a better mom and a better person. Holly said one of the most re-warding things about the project is in watching her own children get involved and help and have deep compassion for children who are suffering and who are less fortunate, whether they are in Alaska or in the country or somewhere else in the world. Holly said: 
There have been times when a little voice inside me says, ‘‘These are just wigs. This isn’t that big or that important.’’ 
Yet, when they get the pictures back of these young girls from all over the country who are wearing their beau-tiful wigs, they realize it is a big deal. It is a huge deal. The parents of these kids have told Holly and Bree how grateful they are to see their children, who often are liv-ing lives in pain and with needles and surgeries and in hospitals, smile again because of what they have done. ‘‘It gives them a glimpse of what it was like and hope for what it will be like when they get better,’’ Holly said. So, to Holly and Bree, we can’t thank you enough for your extraordinary work and your great compassion that has touched, literally, thousands and thousands of lives across America and the world. Congratulations for being our Alas-kans of the Week. CONFIRMATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. President, I commend my col-leagues who debated for the last week and then voted on the new Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, who I believe is either en route or will be en route soon to the NATO Foreign Ministers sum-mit. As many of us said on the floor, Mike Pompeo is extremely well qualified to be the Secretary of State—extremely well qualified. He was a Congressman who focused on foreign affairs. He is the current Director of the CIA and was an Army officer who graduated No. 1 in his class from West Point. He was the Harvard Law Review editor when he went to Harvard Law School. I particularly commend my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle who did the right thing and voted for Mr. Pompeo. I have come down to the floor a cou-ple of times to talk about this issue of having a long tradition in the United States of this body typically coming together, particularly as it relates to the Secretary of State. If someone is qualified and is the President’s pick, the tradition has been to vote for that person. If you look at the votes over the last 50 years for the Secretaries of State, whether Republicans or Demo-crats, there was usually a unanimous vote—100 Senators, 96 Senators, 97 Sen-ators. What I am hopeful for is that we can get back to that issue with regard to foreign policy and national security choices for the President regardless of who the President is. I commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle but particularly my Democratic colleagues, who, I know, faced a lot of pressure to vote no. For those who knew it was important to make sure this was a bipartisan vote, I thank them. I think Mike Pompeo is going to do a good job. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I join my colleague from Alaska in com-mending the U.S. Senate for con-firming Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State. I think he is the right person at the right time, and we need somebody there. There is too much going on around the world to have that job va-cant, and there is an important meet-ing of Foreign Ministers of the major countries in the world that is going on tomorrow that he needs to attend. Whether it is North Korea and what is happening there—where he has been very involved—or whether it is the con-tinuing concerns we have with regard to the nuclear agreement with Iran or whether it is what is happening in Syria and certainly what is happening on the eastern border of Ukraine, where I was recently, there are lots of hot spots around the world right now, and there is the need to have somebody in place who understands the impor-tance of addressing those issues and ad-dressing some of the bigger and longer term challenges we have with countries like Russia and China to be sure we can have more constructive relationships. It is good to have somebody in that job. When John Kerry came up for con-firmation in the Senate, not everybody agreed with him on the policies. When Hillary Clinton came up for a vote, not everybody agreed with her on the poli-cies. They agreed they were qualified, as Mike Pompeo clearly is, and they agreed that a President should have the ability to have his or her person in that job, particularly as the Secretary of State. Therefore, in both of those cases, the vote was 94 Senators in favor. Again, I am just glad the Senate chose to confirm him, but I do wish we had had more of a bipartisan approach to it because I think it is important for us to show around the world that we, indeed, do have momentum behind this nominee and his ability to lead our country in the area of soft power diplo-macy all around the world. I think he will do a good job, and I think he will earn the trust of those of us who voted for him today. I also think he will be able to change the views of, perhaps, some of my colleagues who voted no today. Congratulations to Mike Pompeo, and I am happy for our country that he is in place. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about an issue that has gripped my State and every State represented in this Chamber, and that is the opioid epidemic. This is prescription drugs and heroin and fentanyl-carfentanil. It is something we have talked about on this floor more in the last couple of years than we have at any time, really, in the history of this body. We have passed some good legislation, but, boy, there is so much more to do. Sadly, this crisis continues to unfold, and at least in my State and I believe in most States in this country it is getting worse, not better. So we started to take some important actions, but it is time to take more. Just last week, a couple in Youngs-town, OH, were cited for reckless homi-cide and endangering children after their 16-month-old daughter overdosed and died. She was exposed to carfentanil, one of these synthetic forms of opioids that unfortunately has come into so many communities in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.053 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2470 April 26, 2018 
country and, in fact, is the biggest sin-gle concern we have right now in Ohio and many other States. In fact, in Ohio we had an increase of overdoses last year, and 60 percent of those overdoses were from fentanyl or carfentanil—this synthetic form of opioids that was hardly present 5 years ago. So as we made progress on pre-scription drugs, heroin came in. As we made progress on heroin, fentanyl and carfentanil came in. There is a need for us to push back and push back hard. Opioid deaths are now the No. 1 cause of accidental death in my State of Ohio and the No. 1 cause of accidental death in the United States of America. Think about how many people are being affected by this. It is across the board. It knows no ZIP Code. It is not just in urban areas, not just in rural areas or suburban areas, it is everywhere. It is something on which we can make a difference. I have seen some programs that are actually working well to try to turn the tide and push back. One I will men-tion is funded, in part, from legislation we passed in this Chamber just 1
1⁄2 years ago. It is the Maryhaven Addic-tion Stabilization Center in Columbus, OH. It is an attempt by Franklin Coun-ty, which is largely Columbus, OH, to come together and say: We have to do something to get more people who have overdosed into treatment. One of the many challenges we face in the crisis is the gap, and one huge gap is the fact that people who overdose have their lives saved through this miracle drug called Narcan, which reverses the ef-fects of an overdose, but after coming out of their overdose, getting conscious again, they simply go back into the community and the environment that created this potential overdose situa-tion in the first place. Once again, a week later, perhaps, maybe days later, in some cases hours later, the person may overdose again. The answer is not just applying Narcan—as important as it is because we do need to save lives. The important thing is to get that per-son into a program where they can begin to deal with their addiction, where they can get longer term support through a recovery program to stay away from the old environment and the old gang that got them involved in this issue in the first place. Addiction is a disease. Treatment is required just as it would be for other diseases. I am excited about what is happening at Maryhaven Addiction Stabilization Center because at this center, they are bringing people in who overdosed and then in the same facility there are about 50 beds for treatment. Instead of having the vast majority of people who overdose and come into an emergency room go home or go back to the old environment, 80 percent of the people at Maryhaven are going into treatment. That is a huge change. That is a sea change. That will have an enor-mous impact in dealing with the 200,000 people or so in my State of Ohio who are currently addicted. It will help them get into a decent program, get through the detox, get into recovery, and have the opportunity to get their lives back together. That program is funded, in large part, from Federal funding that came from this legislation we passed about 11⁄2years ago. Maybe $1.2 million has been matched by private funding and State and local funding. We have this new project that I think can be emu-lated around the State because it seems to be working really well. The CURES Act, which we passed, has provided to Ohio just recently $26 million in new funding, and we need it badly. We need to put it to use in ways that work. This is an example of some-thing that is actually well-thought-out that is going to help close the gap and make a difference. In 2016, we were told we had the dead-liest year on record in terms of overdoses. Unfortunately, it looks like, in 2017, the numbers are going to be worse. It certainly will be in Ohio. In the Franklin County corridor, the Columbus, OH, area, the coroner re-cently came out with their numbers in 2017. They had an overdose death rate that was higher than 2016. We lost 520 of our citizens to overdoses in Franklin County in 2017. That was a 47-percent increase from 2016. So it is not just a little increase; it is a huge increase. A staggering two-thirds of those—66 per-cent of those deaths—were from this synthetic heroin we talked about, the synthetic opioids fentanyl and carfentanil. That is really the issue now in so many communities around the coun-try. Just last month, Franklin County experienced 18 overdoses in 1 week—1 county, 18 overdoses in 1 week. This was just last month. That is an average of over two deaths per day. Think about that when you are thinking about 1 county out of 88 and the impact this is having. We need to do more at the Federal level to combat this epidemic, and I would like to talk about a couple of pieces of new legislation that would build on the success we had in this body in terms of legislation that would help direct this money in ways that will make a difference, toward evi-dence-based programs—not just throw-ing money at the problem but making sure the money is well spent. One of the pieces of legislation is critical to this issue of fentanyl and carfentanil coming into our commu-nity. Unbelievably, this poison that we talked about today, two-thirds of the deaths in this county in Ohio last year were because of fentanyl. The 16- month-old baby we talked about was killed through carfentanil and another synthetic. Unbelievably, this stuff is coming in through our U.S. mail sys-tem, primarily. It is coming not over the border, primarily, or not in some other way like heroin might or even prescription drugs, but it is literally coming through the mail primarily from China. So evil chemists in China are mixing up this poisonous brew that becomes fentanyl, and then it gets shipped through the mail system into our communities—sometimes to a P.O. Box, sometimes to someone’s home, sometimes to a business. Unfortu-nately, we do not have the ability within the U.S. Postal Service to push back. To me, this is an obvious exam-ple where this body ought to come to-gether and say: You know what, let’s provide law enforcement with the tools they need to be able to stop some of this poison from coming in. If you were to send this same fentanyl by FedEx, UPS, or DHL, a pri-vate carrier, they would have to pro-vide data to law enforcement in ad-vance: what is in the package, where it is coming from, where it is going. With that data, law enforcement can target those packages and pull them off the line and pull some of this poison out of our communities. I have been to these distribution cen-ters where the carriers do exactly that. They have Customs and Border Protec-tion officials there. They have rooms that have the proper venting to be able to open these packages. This fentanyl and carfentanil is so dangerous, our first responders are putting their lives at risk every day just by dealing with it. What they are able to do is stop this poison from coming in, which helps, at a minimum, to raise the cost. Right now, one of the reasons it is expanding is because it is relatively inexpensive, but it is also deadly. It is something that is causing many more overdoses and deaths than ever before. So our legislation is very simple. It is called the STOP Act. It is cosponsored by A
MYKLOBUCHAR , a Democrat from Minnesota. The notion is to say to our U.S. Postal Service to provide that same information because law enforce-ment tells us that unless they have that information, it is like finding a needle in a haystack. With 900 billion packages a year, it is hard to imagine how they are going to be able to stop those packages without having at least the tools of knowing what is in those packages, where it is coming from, where it is going, so they can use their analytics, the big data, to be able to identify those packages and stop them. Last month, a man from Cleveland, OH, was charged after undercover agents found he was selling fentanyl he had just bought online from China. Ac-cording to the prosecutor, ‘‘The defend-ant ordered thousands of deadly doses of fentanyl from China, brought it to a residential neighborhood in Euclid and then mailed the dangerous drugs all over Ohio and across the country’’ using our own mail system. The Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations in the U.S. Senate, which is a group I chair, did a yearlong inves-tigation into this issue. We completed this several months ago. Unfortu-nately, what it showed is exactly what you would suspect. The traffickers, when asked: How should we ship these drugs if we are buying them from you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.055 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2471 April 26, 2018 
online—because we had an undercover person working for us. He was a mem-ber of the Homeland Security Depart-ment, someone who deals with these issues every day. He actually contacted websites around the country. Unfortu-nately, the websites all said the same thing: We will sell you this deadly drug, but you have to ship it through the U.S. mail system. We will guar-antee delivery if you do that. We were able to find five different websites that were openly selling fentanyl. They all told us where to send it. By using some of the informa-tion that we had based on the payment systems they were using, we were able to identify the people who had been shipped drugs through these sites. We found, incidentally, that just in a short period of time, seven people had died of overdoses after getting drugs from these particular websites. We also were able to refer to law enforcement some other people who apparently were deal-ing these drugs by taking large quan-tities. Even with this person in Euclid, OH, we talked about, thousands of deadly doses of fentanyl were found. That could be in a package about this size. Three flakes of this stuff can kill you. So, at a minimum, we have to be sure our U.S. Postal Service is giving law enforcement the tools to be able to help stop this deadly poison. The Postal Service has begun over the last year or so to make some progress in this area. Still, they tell us that only 36 percent of the packages transported into this country have any kind of advanced electronic data. As we dug deeper, having researched and gone to some of these sites where the U.S. Postal Service is providing informa-tion, we found out it was not 36 percent because 20 percent of the packages that had the required information still went into the community anyway because of lack of communication with law en-forcement. Finally, we are finding out that it may be 36 percent of the packages, but much of the information is not helpful. We need to have new rules in place to say to countries: If you want to do business with the United States and send packages here, you have to play ball with us and provide this digital in-formation upfront so our law enforce-ment can deal with what is clearly a crisis in this country. It is a glaring loophole in the screening process. It undermines the safety and security of our country, not just for drugs but for other issues as well, and it is time we fix it. After 9/11 and the terrible tragedy of that day, this Congress decided to re-quire private carriers to require all of that information—the advanced elec-tronic data—because of the risk of ter-rorism, frankly. At that time, we said the Post Office needed to do a study on this to give them time to get ready. That was over 15 years ago, and they still haven’t done it. They need to pro-vide law enforcement the tools they need by requiring advanced electronic data on all packages entering the United States. Thirty-one of my Sen-ate colleagues—19 Republicans, 12 Democrats, and 1 Independent—have signed on as cosponsors to this legisla-tion. It already has support of one- third of the Senate. It has been en-dorsed by President Trump’s opioid commission because it is a common-sense solution to a growing problem around the country. There is House companion legislation to do this. Stop-ping this influx of fentanyl is going to happen only if we stop how it is com-ing, which is through our Postal Serv-ice from countries overseas, primarily China. We also need a more comprehensive approach, of course, to the drug issue. It is not just enough to stop the supply if there is a strong demand. Dealing with the demand includes prevention efforts that are included in legislation we passed in this body about 1
1⁄2years ago and still needs to be implemented. We have new legislation to help in-crease that comprehensive approach. The last bill was called the Comprehen-sive Addiction Recovery Act, signed into law at the end of 2016. We now have a new bill, CARA 2.0. It provides more resources for evidence-based pre-vention, treatment, and recovery pro-grams. It will help people get into longer term treatment so they can truly overcome their addiction. It has helped to overcome the stigma by treating the addiction as a disease, and now it is time to ensure that we are looking at what works and building on it. I introduced this legislation with my colleagues, Senator S
HELDON WHITE-
HOUSE and six others: Senators S HEL-
LEY MOORE CAPITO , AMYKLOBUCHAR , D
ANSULLIVAN , M AGGIE HASSAN , BILL C
ASSIDY , who is the Presiding Officer today, and M
ARIA CANTWELL —four Re-publicans and four Democrats. We kept this bipartisan. Other Members have joined in as well. Again, it picks up where the Cures legislation and the CARA legislation left off, to provide a better framework, because now we can spend the extra resources this Congress has wisely determined to put up against this fight. In the spending bill that was just passed, there was an additional $6 bil-lion over 2 years put against this issue. Let’s be sure the money is well spent. Let’s be sure we have a roadmap to build on the successes we have had and ensure that that money is going to things that actually can make a dif-ference. We talked about one earlier, the ad-diction stabilization center. We also know that one way we could spend our money better is to have a better pre-scription drug monitoring program na-tionally. So every State now has some sort of prescription drug monitoring program, but often they don’t talk to each other. This is something that is required in my State of Ohio. West Vir-ginia, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, and Pennsylvania are all States where there is also an opioid crisis. We need to be sure that they are talking to-gether, so that when someone goes to get a prescription, the information is logged. If the person goes out of the State to order a prescription across the border—maybe just right across the border—that information is provided just as it would be if it were within that State. That is in our legislation as well. We also target addiction at its source. About 80 percent of the people who die of overdoses today probably started on prescription drugs. That is the latest data we have. Some of that was prescription drugs that were pro-vided to that individual as the result of an accident or an injury, and they be-came physically addicted because they were prescribed an opioid for pain re-lief. The stories are heartbreaking. The parents have come to me and say—and this has happened twice: My son or my daughter went to get a wisdom tooth extracted, and the dentist gave my son or my daughter opioids. In one case, it was 60 pills of Percocet or OxyContin. Sure enough, that young person had a physical addiction develop because of that. Then when the pills were harder to get or more expensive, they turned to something less expensive and more accessible, which was heroin or fentanyl or carfentanil, and then overdosed and died. These are 17-year- old children who were prescribed this medication. There are other cases as well. I have met adults who are well into their thir-ties or forties and are leading success-ful lives, well established in their com-munity, well connected in their loving families. They had an accident or in-jury. Maybe it was a car accident. They were given pain medication—opioids— and they became physically addicted. This addiction is a tough one to climb out of. So many people then turn to another substance that is more available, more accessible, or maybe less expensive and then overdose and then the death. People say how could this have hap-pened? When you go back, it happened because of a prescription drug—some-thing was overprescribed. Others might buy prescription drugs on the street. This Saturday is Na-tional Prescription Drug Take Back Day in America, and I hope that every-body who is listening here will think about whether they could go into their own medicine cabinet or maybe their parents’ or grandparents’ and take out some of these opioids and then have those disposed of properly at a police station or someplace else. I know Kroger is doing this in Ohio and other States. Find out where your drug take-back location is. Take these drugs in and get rid of them because I have just heard too many cases, unbelievably, of people stealing these drugs and using them and then, again, developing that addic-tion or selling them and someone else 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.056 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2472 April 26, 2018 
develops the addiction. Again, the thought is that probably 8 out of 10 people dying of overdoses started with prescription drugs. So our legislation does deal with that. Our legislation deals with overpre-scribing because it must be dealt with. It requires doctors and pharmacists to use drug monitoring programs to en-sure that we are not overprescribing, and it sets a 3-day limit on prescrip-tions for acute pain. We except chronic pain. We have ex-ceptions for cancer. But for acute pain—the surgeries we have talked about—we are using the good science from the Centers for Disease Control, or CDC, and others that say two things: One, after the third day of using these opioids, on that fourth day, fifth day, and sixth day is when the opportunity for an addiction grows dramatically, and the chances of your falling into that addiction increases significantly. Second, in terms of pain and dealing with pain, we have also learned that for acute pain for most kinds of proce-dures, there are other kinds of pain medications available. I have talked to the dentists a lot on this. There is a dentist from Ohio who is a good man, Joe Crowley, who is now President of the American Dental As-sociation. He is working with the den-tists to try to ensure that we have new policies in place that discourage the use of opioids altogether for things like a wisdom tooth being removed. But to the extent it is used, after the first, second, and third day, it is much, much less necessary and much less useful, and other pain medication can take its place. So, as a result, we do have in our legislation something that is a dra-matic difference from the unfortunate overprescribing that continues to go on in our country in too many instances, and that is a 3-day limit. After 3 days, if you continue to have the kind of pain that can only be dealt with opioids, if you are one of the few indi-viduals for whom that is true, you go back to the doctor and get another pre-scription, but you have to go through a process to do that. The alternative is that we are going to continue to see more and more people become addicted through prescription drugs as a gate-way and then again getting into this terrible cycle of overdoses and eventu-ally overdose and dying in too many cases. So CARA 2.0 has these policy changes, as well as the additional fund-ing for prevention programs, treatment programs, and recovery programs. It also helps our first responders by say-ing: If you can’t afford the cost of Narcan, we will help you out but also give you training in Narcan and also to deal with this gap between the imme-diate overdose reversal using Narcan and then going into detox—between detox and treatment, between treat-ment and longer term recovery—to try to ensure that you have continuity. This is something that just makes so much sense and can save so many lives. These legislative efforts we are talk-ing about here are important. So for those who are watching—and maybe some staff members are watching from some of the offices—please check it out. Check out the STOP Act, if you are not already a cosponsor. Check out CARA 2.0, if you are not already a co-sponsor. Let’s be sure that we are doing every-thing we possibly can here to make a difference and begin to reverse this tide, begin to save lives again rather than having this discouraging increase in addiction. It is not all about overdoses and deaths, as tragic as that is. It is about the millions of Americans whose lives are getting off track, who may not overdose and may not end up needing Narcan but who are pulling away from their family, who are not working, who are not engaged in their community, who are giving up on their friends and their loved ones. A lot of people in this Chamber are concerned about the fact that so many Americans are out of work today and not showing up even on the unemploy-ment rolls because they have left work altogether. They are not even looking for work. Economists say our labor force participation rate for men is his-torically low. It is probably the lowest it has ever been in the history of this country. When you combine men and women, you have to go back to the 1970s to see as many people who are out of work altogether. I agree that is a big problem, and I would urge my col-leagues to look at the impact of opioids on that problem. There are two recent studies, one by the Department of Labor and one by the Brookings Institution, which indi-cate in the strongest possible terms that opioids are driving much of this dysfunction in our workforce today. So to employers out there who are saying, ‘‘The economy is growing, the tax cuts are working, regulatory relief is work-ing, but I can’t find workers,’’ 44 per-cent of those who are out of the work-force, according to a Department of Labor study from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, took a prescription pain medication the day before. The Brookings study shows that 47 percent of able-bodied men between 22 and 55 are taking pain medication on a daily basis. These are frightening num-bers. By the way, I can’t imagine that is overreported. I imagine it is under-reported because of the stigma at-tached to this issue of opioid addiction and because of the potential legal li-ability people could be in for admitting it. Even so, almost half of those sur-veyed say they are not working. They are not even looking for work, but they are taking pain medication on a daily basis. So this affects all of us. Go to your firehouse in your commu-nity and ask them if they are doing more overdose runs or more fire runs? I will bet you that they will say the former. They are doing more drug over-dose runs than they are fire runs. We are all paying for that. Talk to your sheriff or your local police chief and ask them what the No. 1 driver of crime is in your community. I bet they will say it is opioids. Often it is people who are committing crimes like theft or shoplifting or fraud to be able to pay for the habit—$300 to $400 a day or more. Particularly if you are not work-ing, there is a temptation to commit those crimes and there is a craving for this drug that puts people in positions they never would have imagined they would find themselves in. Think of the families who are broken up. Think of the kids who have lost their parents to this epidemic. In Ohio, we have more kids in foster care or under the care of the State than ever in our history. Go to your neonatal units at your hospital and ask them about this. They will say it is the No. 1 issue affecting them because so many kids are being born to a mother who was addicted, and these kids have to be taken through withdrawal themselves—little babies. You can hold them practically in the palm of your hand. I have gone to these neonatal units in Ohio and have seen these babies, and it is heartbreaking because, just like adults, they have to go through this tough withdrawal process. No baby should have to do that. So this issue is one when Congress has taken steps in the last year and a half, and I congratulate this body and the House for moving forward with some positive steps. There is so much more to be done, and these two bills are a start. These two bills will help. They will help to save lives. They will help to get people back on track and help to ensure that people can live out their God-given purpose rather than get distracted through this epidemic, rather than getting off track with re-gard to family, work, dignity, and self- respect. These two bills will help, giving law enforcement in our communities the tools they need and helping our com-munities to be able to have a com-prehensive approach here to turn back this assault of addiction in our coun-try. I hope we can move quickly in the Senate to pass this legislation so the President can sign it into law and we can begin to make a bigger difference. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ANTI-SEMITISM IN THE UNITED STATES AND EUROPE Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the recent rise of anti- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.057 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2473 April 26, 2018 
Semitism and racism in our commu-nities. As Members of Congress, we have an enormous responsibility to take strong action and stand up against intoler-ance before it takes root in the next generation. It is incumbent upon all people to ensure that adequate tools are in place to counter the resurgence of fear and hate-mongering—whether directed at old targets or new—that led to the Holocaust and other atrocities. America must maintain its leader-ship abroad, especially when it comes to the issues of human rights and reli-gious freedom—the core foundations upon which our Nation was built. We must uphold these standards here at home and defend and promote them globally. In my role as the representative on anti-Semitism, racism, and intolerance for the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe’s Parliamen-tary Assembly, I visited Paris and Co-penhagen and met with local leaders in the aftermath of the violent, anti-Se-mitic attacks in 2015, including the Charlie Hebdo massacre. The gruesome murder of Holocaust survivor Mireille Knoll in Paris on March 24 is a grim re-minder of the urgency of our task. In Poland, there have been no at-tacks recently, but there is a growing climate of fear. Government officials have equivocated regarding Polish re-sponsibility for the World War II mas-sacre in Jedwabne and the postwar po-grom in Kielce, which occurred on our Independence Day—July 4, 1946. The Polish President recently signed into law an anti-defamation bill that makes it illegal to attribute responsibility for or complicity during the Holocaust to the Polish nation or state. This law will, in fact, restrict academic free-dom, chill free speech, and hinder teaching about the Holocaust and the crimes committed in occupied Poland during World War II. In Hungary, Viktor Orban has stoked a campaign of hatred against migrants and Muslims in his bid for a third term as Prime Minister. In the final days of his campaign and perhaps revealing some concerns for his margin of vic-tory, his party has sharpened its call for a country that is White and Chris-tian, escalating its anti-Semitic and anti-Roma rhetoric. Here at home, we have witnessed ex-tremists and neo-Nazis marching in the streets openly carrying painful hate symbols from the 1930s. In a brazen public display, neo-Nazis and White su-premacist groups took to the streets in Charlottesville, VA, last August, incit-ing violence that cost 32-year-old counter-protester Heather Heyer her life. Just this past weekend, another group of neo-Nazis marched in Newnan, GA, and burned a large swastika after-wards. Burt Colucci, a member of the National Socialist Movement, told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution that there was no particular reason Newnan was chosen for the rally. He said: 
We pick these rallies randomly. It is al-ways preferable that it is in a white town. How can we address these challenges and build a more tolerant, peaceful, and global community? Earlier this year, in commemoration of International Holocaust Remem-brance Day, the Italian Government hosted the Rome International Con-ference on the Responsibility of States, Institutions and Individuals in the Fight against Anti-Semitism in the OSCE Area. At that event that con-vened on the 80th anniversary of the passage of Italy’s ‘‘racial laws,’’ which discriminated against Jews and people of African descent, leaders from across Europe and the United States recom-mitted to address anti-Semitism in their societies—from collecting and re-porting hate crime data to supporting education—at a time when few Holo-caust survivors or witnesses to the atrocities of World War II remain. The OSCE also reported on its Turn-ing Words Into Action project, designed to assist governments and civil soci-eties in bolstering security for Jewish communities, educate our own soci-eties on how to recognize and address prejudice, and build coalitions between Jewish and other communities. Yet, at this critical juncture, we have been cutting funding and other re-sources meant to bolster America’s diplomatic efforts abroad. It is for this reason that I fought to include $1 mil-lion to combat global anti-Semitism in the fiscal year 2018 Omnibus appropria-tions bill recently passed by Congress. I also wrote letters urging President Trump and his administration to select a new special envoy to monitor and combat anti-Semitism. This position has been critical in working with gov-ernments and organizations abroad to facilitate action against anti-Semitism in communities around the world. We must all understand that a threat against one religion, race, or ethnicity is a threat against all religions, races, and ethnicities. Hatred unleashed rare-ly forms its own boundaries. In the aftermath of World War II, a Protestant pastor famously said: 
In Germany, they came first for the Com-munists, and I didn’t speak up because I wasn’t a Communist; and then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn’t speak up be-cause I wasn’t a trade unionist; and then they came for the Jews, and I didn’t speak up because I wasn’t a Jew; and then they came for me . . . and by that time there was no one left to speak up. 
History has shown time and again that the failure of governments and po-litical leaders to denounce those who advance an agenda of hate and bigotry brings instability and violence. As hate crimes continue to rise in our own Nation and as the number of refugees around the world fleeing polit-ical violence and persecution reaches record highs, we must reaffirm our sense of duty and our commitment to preserving freedom, equality, and fun-damental human rights for all people. Addressing the anti-Semitism and other forms of discrimination and per-secution takes a concerted and sus-tained effort from a coalition of gov-ernments, faith and community lead-ers, and global advocates to denounce these atrocities and promote peace and tolerance around the world. Now more than ever, we need to join together and speak up to protect human rights around the globe because it is in all of our interests to do so. We must also use tools available to us, from hate crime laws to capacity- building measures for civil society and governments, such as those offered by the OSCE. I will continue to stand alongside civil society and remain an advocate for equality and human rights, and I urge my colleagues to do likewise. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of the following nominations: Executive Calendar Nos. 710, 711, 712, 713, 714, and 825. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no inter-vening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc; that the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relat-ing to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the nominations of Rohit Chopra, of New York, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the unexpired term of seven years from September 26, 2012; Noah Joshua Phil-lips, of Maryland, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2016; Joseph Simons, of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2017; Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the unexpired term of seven years from September 26, 2011; Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Com-missioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2018; and Rebecca 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.059 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2474 April 26, 2018 
Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2015 en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 757. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Andrea L. Thompson, of South Dakota, to be Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and Inter-national Security. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Thompson nomination? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, many of us were shocked when the President tweeted that he was deploy-ing the National Guard to the border. The President’s claim that we face a crisis at our Southwest border is sim-ply false, and it is particularly ironic when the President himself has repeat-edly bragged—again, falsely—that ille-gal border crossings are at an alltime low. I remain concerned that the Trump administration is diverting Defense De-partment resources to the border to help carry out its deportation agenda. The Department is unable to tell Con-gress how much these deployments may cost our Nation—paid for with money diverted from other, critical de-fense programs. So far, the Department of Defense has provided a preliminary estimate that these deployments will cost $182 million in fiscal year 2018, but there is no end in sight. I am also concerned that these de-ployments may harm the readiness of our National Guard by disrupting training for core missions. As one local elected official in New Mexico noted in the Albuquerque Journal, ‘‘We’re going into forest fire season. A big percent-age of the state is in drought right now, and if National Guard folks are continuously rotated down to the bor-der for a problem that doesn’t exist, are they going to be available for a real problem when it happens?’’ Well, yesterday, Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson issued a sur-prising report, which inadvertently agreed with these concerns. Last year, Congress required the De-partment of Defense to examine past deployments of National Guard troops to the border and to analyze those ex-periences for whether they had been beneficial for those Guard members. As Vice Chair of the Defense Appropria-tions Subcommittee, I received the De-partment’s report yesterday. It is fair to say that its conclusions are probably not what the President wanted to hear from his own political appointees. The report notes that several States have conducted training and operations along the Southwest border. It con-cludes that training and operations by California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas Guard units ‘‘does not directly contribute to collective core Mission Essential Task readiness’’ of those units. In other words, we are diverting them from their most important mis-sions. It was even harsher in its conclusions for National Guard units from other States traveling to the border for simi-lar training. It describes a pilot pro-gram to send 250 National Guard per-sonnel to the border. Not only did the pilot program cost a half a million more than that unit’s regular, sched-uled training, but it also resulted in only 22 more apprehensions than nor-mal, while contributing almost nothing to the unit’s training. The report also notes that these kinds of deployments ‘‘comes at a cost to the individual soldier, his/her fam-ily, and her/his employer, as well as to overall united readiness.’’ Is that what we want? To impose costs on our volunteer Guard per-sonnel, their families, their employers supporting their service? The report goes on to say, ‘‘Such tasking could also potentially impact support to validated Global Force Man-agement Allocation Plan require-ments.’’ That is a mouthful, but it means that these deployments could make our National Guard less prepared to respond to a natural disaster back home or, God forbid, a war. Is that what we want? No. There’s an old adage that goes, when you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is to stop digging. We all know that the President wants to build a wall on the border, but he has failed to convince Congress that spending $25 billion on a campaign promise is the right thing to do. In-stead, he is sending the outstanding women and men of the National Guard to the border, as if to compensate for his inability to work with Congress. I have met a great number of mem-bers of the National Guard, and I know they will carry out their assigned du-ties as well as they can. Many will view their deployments as a chance to serve the country they love, but we owe it to them to send them on a mission that is worth it, and the Pentagon’s own study raises serious questions about that. I hope that we end National Guard deployments to staff the crisis that the President invented and get them back to their core job: protecting their States and protecting this country. f 
FOURTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ABDUCTION OF THE CHIBOK GIRLS Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I would like to recognize a tragic anni-versary upon us this month. Four years ago this month, the terrorist group Boko Haram kidnapped 276 girls in the dead of the night from a school in Chibok, Nigeria, where they were tak-ing final exams. Some of the girls managed to run away, but Boko Haram abducted 219 girls. These hundreds of young girls were held captive, abused, made to be slaves, forced into marriage with their abduc-tors, raped, starved, and, in some cases, forcibly converted to Islam. Some have tragically died while try-ing to flee or even during childbirth. You might recall the global cam-paign on Twitter, #BringBackOurGirls, to urge the rescue of the girls. Former First Lady Michelle Obama was moved to join the campaign for the release of the girls, as were over 3 mil-lion people around the world. I, myself, was mortified to learn that, for the mere act of seeking an education, the girls were abducted and forced into child marriage or slavery. That is why, back then in 2014, I intro-duced a resolution condemning the Chibok abduction and calling for the immediate, safe return of the girls. Since the kidnapping, just over 100 girls have been released, leaving over 100 girls still missing. I fear some may have already perished. Parents marked the fourth anniver-sary on Saturday by marching with thousands of others to the school in Chibok where the girls were abducted in 2014. I think we should join them here in the Senate in remembering this tragic anniversary. That is why I have introduced, with some of my female colleagues, a resolu-tion calling for the immediate release of all Boko Haram captives, especially the remaining Chibok girls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.061 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2475 April 26, 2018 
The girls who have returned have told of the deplorable abuses Boko Haram fighters made them suffer. No one should be subject to the de-pravity of an organization that doesn’t value human life, let alone young girls simply trying to get an education. Unfortunately, since 2012, Boko Haram has conducted a violent cam-paign of mass kidnappings of women, girls, and boys in Nigeria, Cameroon, Chad, and Niger. Boko Haram remains one of the dead-liest terrorist groups in the world, kill-ing more than 13,000 people since 2013. The United Nations High Commis-sioner for Refugees says almost 2.5 mil-lion people in Nigeria, Cameroon, Chad, and Niger have been displaced— that is forced from their homes—be-cause of Boko Haram’s brutality. And the terror continues. Just in February, Boko Haram mili-tants stormed the town of Dapchi in Nigeria and abducted 111 girls and 1 boy. Thankfully, most of those children have been returned to their families, but, heartbreakingly, some died during their ordeal, and one girl still remains a hostage. The New York Times recently ran a stirring front page piece about some of the Chibok girls who have been freed. I applaud the extraordinary bravery of those survivors, who have come for-ward to share their stories and experi-ences at great risk to themselves. The courage and strength of the girls who are still being held captive to re-main resilient in the face of unspeak-able brutality is deeply moving. As a testament to their fortitude, let us all recommit ourselves to ending discrimination and violence against women and girls, to ensuring the safety and welfare of women and girls, to pur-suing policies that guarantee girls edu-cation, and to the release of the re-maining Boko Haram captives. Thank you. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAN AKAKA Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I would like to take a moment to recog-nize the life and achievements of Dan Akaka, a veteran, educator, U.S. Sen-ator, and most importantly, a dear friend of mine. Dan passed away re-cently after 93 years of life imbued with the aloha spirit, and I have been reflecting on his legacy of quiet but ef-fective work in the Senate. Dan Akaka was a tireless advocate for indigenous people. As I was working on the 2013 reauthorization of the Vio-lence Against Women Act, his coopera-tion and persistence as chairman of the Indian Affairs Committee helped in-clude important provisions to protect Native-American women from violence. He also worked hard to support vital programs that provided education, healthcare, housing, and other basic services for Tribes across the country. A World War II veteran himself, Dan was a strong supporter of the National Guard. He was one the first cosponsors to support my National Guard Em-powerment Act and give the Guard the representation that it deserved. He will also be remembered for fighting to have the valor and sacrifice of Asian- American soldiers in World War II rec-ognized, sponsoring legislation that awarded long overdue Medals of Honor to those who had been discriminated against because of their race. Hawaiians were lucky to have him as a champion in the Senate, and I was lucky to have him as a friend. I ask unanimous consent that the New York Times article ‘‘Daniel Akaka, Former Democratic Senator From Hawaii, Dies At 93’’ be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, Apr. 6, 2018] D
ANIEL AKAKA , FORMER DEMOCRATIC  S
ENATOR FROMHAWAII , DIES AT 93 (By Adam Clymer) Former Senator Daniel K. Akaka, a Demo-crat who represented Hawaii for 36 years in Congress and successfully fought for the be-lated recognition of Asians and Asian-Ameri-cans who had fought for the United States in World War II, died on Friday in Honolulu. He was 93. Jon Yoshimura, the senator’s former com-munications director, confirmed the death, saying Mr. Akaka had been hospitalized for several months, The Associated Press re-ported. A World War II veteran, Mr. Akaka spon-sored legislation in 1996 that led to a re-eval-uation of the service records of Asian-Ameri-cans who had fought in the 442nd Regimental Combat Team and the 100th Infantry Bat-talion during the war. As a result, almost two dozen Medals of Honor, the military’s highest award, were ul-timately bestowed belatedly, some post-humously, on Asian-American veterans, most of them of Japanese heritage. Only one had been awarded during the war itself. After a White House awards-presentation ceremony led by President Bill Clinton in 2000, Senator Akaka said the medals had dis-pelled apparent wartime discrimination against Asian-American military personnel. The most prominent recipient was Senator Daniel K. Inouye, Mr. Akaka’s much better- known colleague—and Hawaii’s senior sen-ator—for 22 years in the Senate. Mr. Inouye, who died in 2012, had lost his right arm while serving with the 442nd in Europe. Senator Akaka also successfully pursued legislation that provided onetime compensa-tion for members of the Phillipine Scouts, an American-led unit of mostly Filipino and Filipino-American recruits who fought alongside United States troops but did not qualify for Veterans Administration bene-fits. And he secured a formal apology for the United States’s role in the overthrow of Queen Lili’uokalani of Hawaii in 1893 as well as a transfer of land that the federal govern-ment had taken. But he failed in repeated legislative efforts to have native Hawaiians recognized as an indigenous people so that they might receive federal benefits similar to those provided to American Indians and natives of Alaska. During his Senate years Mr. Akaka had stints as chairman of its Committee on Vet-erans Affairs and of its Committee on Indian Affairs. Mr. Akaka was an outspoken critic of the war in Iraq. On March 17, 2003, three days be-fore the United States attacked that coun-try, he warned the Senate: ‘‘If we pursue our current path, we will have a war lacking in many things essential to achieving complete success. It will be a war without broad international support, without sufficient planning for post-conflict reconstruction and stability, without a defi-nite exit time and strategy, and without a firm price tag. ‘‘Moreover,’’ he continued, ‘‘it will be a war with serious ramifications for our long- term readiness capabilities for homeland se-curity and for managing other crises.’’ A steadfast liberal on most issues, he was known as a champion of federal workers, complaining that his Senate colleagues too often denigrated them and cheerfully froze their pay. He chaired a Senate subcommittee on the federal work force and was the chief sponsor of the 2012 Whistleblower Protection Act, which provided safeguards against retalia-tion to federal workers who report waste, fraud and abuse. Daniel Kahikina Akaka was born in Hono-lulu on Sept. 11, 1924, the youngest of eight children. His father was of Chinese and Ha-waiian descent; his mother was Hawaiian. He attended public schools. After service with the Army Corps of Engi-neers, he graduated from the University of Hawaii in 1952 with a degree in education and taught music, social studies and math in ele-mentary, middle and high schools. He later became a school principal and earned a mas-ter’s degree. After Hawaii was admitted into the union in 1959, he was an official in the state’s De-partment of Education and was named direc-tor of the Hawaii Office of Economic Oppor-tunity, an antipoverty program. Mr. Akaka was first elected to the House in 1976 and easily re-elected afterward. In 1990 he was appointed to fill a Senate va-cancy caused by the death of Spark Matsu-naga. He was elected that fall and re-elected in 1994, 2000 and 2006. He announced in March 2011 that he would not run again in 2012. Mr. Akaka, who lived in Honolulu, is sur-vived by his wife, Mary Mildred Chong, whom he married in 1948; a daughter, Millannie Akaka Mattson; four sons, Daniel Jr., Gerard, Alan and Nicholas; and many grandchildren and great-grandchildren. While he was never known as a key law-maker, Mr. Akaka was familiar to watchers of C-Span: his name came first whenever the Senate roll was called and, in his early years, he relished presiding over that body, a duty many of his colleagues regarded as tedi-ous. In 1992, the Senate presented him with its Golden Gavel Award for presiding for at least 100 hours. ‘‘I really was proud of being able to chair the Senate floor over the years and really looked forward to it,’’ he said in a 2011 inter-view for this obituary. Even in his final years, he left instructions with the Democratic cloakroom that he would preside in a pinch, saying, ‘‘Any time you can’t find somebody, call me.’’ f 
REMEMBERING HESTER GOODENOUGH CALDWELL Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I want to take a moment to remember a Vermonter who, with seemingly bound-less energy and enthusiasm, devoted her life to her family, her students, her friends, and her community. Hester ‘‘Hep’’ Caldwell, who died on April 10, 2018, will be forever remembered and admired for a life well lived. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.052 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2476 April 26, 2018 
Hep, who lived to be 89, was one of those people who just about everybody liked immediately. She loved people, she loved sports, she loved the out-doors, and she loved living on West Hill in Putney, VT, with her husband, John, whom she first met when they were both just 10 years old. For decades, Hep taught history and John taught mathematics at the Putney School. Besides challenging her students in the classroom, Hep’s many passions—hiking, skiing, gardening, classical music—inspired all who knew her. She set an example for genera-tions, young and old, in her home, in the classroom, in woods, fields, and on the slopes and summits of mountains in all seasons of the year and by her many years of community service. Putney will not be the same without Hep, but she has left her mark there and in her children and grandchildren in ways that will live on for genera-tions. I ask unanimous consent that Hep Caldwell’s obituary in the Valley News be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Valley News, Apr. 22, 2018] H
ESTER GOODENOUGH CALDWELL  P
UTNEY , VT.—Hester Goodenough Caldwell, born Nov. 30, 1928, died on Tuesday, April 10, 2018. Hep died as she lived: sus-tained by her love for her family and her ability to meet challenges with laughter and quick wit. Hep was born in Woodbridge, Conn. to Erwin and Helen Goodenough. She grew up loving the outdoors and playing alongside her three older brothers and male cousins, excellent preparation for her future schooling and her later ability to simulta-neously embrace and challenge traditional gender roles. At the age of 10 she entered Putney School, where she met the boy she would later wed, John Caldwell. After grad-uating from Smith College in 1950 and marrying John, she returned to Putney School in 1953, where she taught history for 37 years even as she raised four children and earned her Master of Arts in Liberal Studies from Wesleyan University. During her tenure at Putney School, Hep also held a variety of positions including head of the history de-partment, dean of faculty, field hockey coach, and ski coach. An avid hiker, she led student ski trips to Tuckerman’s Ravine, drawing on her years of skiing for Putney School and on the ski patrol at Smith. To-gether, Hep and John exemplified partner-ship as they raised their four children, worked at Putney School, and traveled to Switzerland, France, Italy, Austria, Finland, Norway, Australia, Tonga, Wales, England, Japan, Yugoslavia, China and Russia on learning, hiking and skiing expeditions. In their later years, Hep and John became co-sponsors of Camp Caldwell, a series of mini-camps for their 10 grandchildren, where they nurtured family ties, promoted the ben-efits of physical labor, and cultivated a re-spect and love for the natural world. In the spirit of 5:00 AM barn duty at the Putney School, the little grandkid campers could not have 7 AM breakfast until they had dipped in the icy cold spring-fed pond at the bottom of the hill, which of course Hep and John had done themselves an hour or so ear-lier. Other camp activities ranged from ‘‘waking up the chickens and feeding them’’ to drawing straws to see which pair would have to wade into the swamp mud to remove the water-cress that had infested the pond’s water. Now adults, some of the grandkids’ fondest memories include their time to-gether with Hep and John. Hep contributed significantly to her com-munity, serving as a founding member of the new Putney Library, Chairperson of Brattleboro Community Chorus, head of the Putney’s Democratic Party and as a Justice of the Peace, presiding over scores of mar-riages. Inspiring her children, grandchildren and students to do good in this world, lifting hearts with her piano playing, Hep’s legacy lives on in her children and grandchildren, all of whom love skiing and other outdoor activities, many of whom are engaged in teaching and coaching. Hep faced old-age challenges in her final years, but she never lost her quick laugh and ability to find levity in whatever was hap-pening around her. She was pre-deceased by her daughter, Jennifer and her brother, Ward. She will be greatly missed by her hus-band, John, her three children, Tim, Sverre, and Peter and her ten grandchildren, Tyler, Alexa, Anya, Lucy, Sophie, Lucinda, Heidi, Austin, Isabel, and Patrick, and her broth-ers, John and Jim. A gathering to reflect on and celebrate her life will be held at the Putney School Aug. 4. f REMEMBERING FRANK GAYLORD Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, on March 21, 2018, Vermont lost one of its finest sculptors, Frank Gaylord. Frank Gaylord, a Granite City resi-dent, was a beloved member of the Barre community. Frank influenced the city and its residents, and the city in turn influenced his art. The local granite quarries of Barre provided ample materials for Frank to hone his sculpting skills. Frank served his country not just in World War II, receiving a Bronze Star for his service, but also in creating the Korean War Veterans Memorial, his most famous work, which resides on the National Mall in Washington, DC. The memorial is visually striking; Frank captured the movement and feel of war, the 19 figures of diverse Amer-ican soldiers are shrouded in ponchos and seem to walk endlessly. Frank called the day the memorial arrived on the National Mall as the highlight of his life. Other examples of Frank’s work can be seen in many New England towns, including at the Connecticut capital and in Williston and Montpelier, VT. However, what Vermont will best re-member Frank by was his dedication and determination to improve Vermont’s own Granite City. Frank’s contributions to the Barre Granite As-sociation, as well as to the former Barre Players, will be missed. Frank’s passing is a loss to Vermont, to the community of Barre, VT, and to the Nation. I will always remember Frank when I see his work on the Na-tional Mall and throughout Vermont, and how he so beautifully captured our country’s spirit. I ask unanimous consent that the Times Argus article ‘‘He had an arts spirit: Famed Barre sculptor Frank Gaylord has died’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
HEHAD AN ARTSSPIRIT : FAMED BARRE  S
CULPTOR FRANK GAYLORD HASDIED (By Eric Blaisdell) B
ARRE .—The Granite City lost likely its most famous modern-day resident with the death of sculptor Frank Gaylord. Gaylord, 93, died at his daughter’s home in Northfield Wednesday night. Funeral ar-rangements have yet to be announced, and are being taken care of by The Hooker and Whitcomb Funeral Home. Gaylord created the National Korean War Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC. Other monuments created by Gaylord in-clude the Firemen’s Memorial in Eugene, Or-egon; the Doctor Ashbel Smith statue in Baytown, Texas; the Policemen’s Memorial in Jacksonville, Florida; the Toledo Mud Hens Monument in Toledo, Ohio; and the Na-tional Little League Monument in Williams-port, Pennsylvania. When Gaylord was growing up in Clarks-burg, West Virginia, he recalled in a Times Argus story in 2015, his grandmother would give him plastic molds into which he would press clay to make reliefs. That transformed into sculpting clay animals and then he moved to carving soap, quickly learning how much material it actually took to make a full sculpture. As he grew up, Gaylord was initially inter-ested in taxidermy, which, at that time, was done by sculpting plaster molds, with the animal skins pulled over them. Then World War II came along, and Gay-lord became a paratrooper for two and a half years. Gaylord served with the 17th Airborne and fought in the Battle of the Bulge. After the war, he used the G.I. Bill and ended up at the Carnegie Institute in Pitts-burgh, which had both engineering and fine arts schools. He later transferred to Temple University’s Tyler School of Art, where he focused on becoming a carver. In 1951, Mac Durnovich of E.J. Batchelder Co. in Barre hired Gaylord. So he and his late wife Mary moved to Vermont. He knew the community’s reputation, its rich ethnic heritage, and its renowned craftsmanship. He said in 2015 he knew he could learn there. Master sculptor Giuliano Cecchinelli, of Barre, has known Gaylord since the 1960s. Cecchinelli said Thursday that Barre has never had a sculptor like Gaylord. ‘‘He gave Barre more than Barre asked. . . . He made Barre, Vermont,’’ he said. Cecchinelli said Gaylord was a perfec-tionist when it came to his style of work, which had a more modern flair to it. He said when he first met Gaylord he could tell right away that Gaylord had class and that he would achieve what he wanted to achieve. Cecchinelli said he owns several pieces of Gaylord’s work, which he keeps in his home. Sue Higby, executive director of Studio Place Arts in downtown Barre, has known Gaylord for 15 years. Higby highlighted his work at her studio in 2015. ‘‘I’m truly very sorry to hear of his passing and his integrity as an artist will live on in Barre for years to come,’’ she said. Higby said Gaylord was a cultural intellec-tual who loved theater, dance and the human form. She also said Gaylord, more than most artists, had the ability to capture in his work the feeling of a ballet dancer’s move-ment or the fluttering of a piece of fabric. Jerry Williams owns and operates Barre Sculpture Studios. Williams has known Gay-lord since the 1980s and at one point he owned the studio next to Gaylord’s. ‘‘Frank was a mentor to many sculptors, some of them still operating in town. Some of them have moved on and done other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.055 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2477 April 26, 2018 
things. But he was a real valuable part of the sculpture community in this town. Not just monumental, but the art of what we’re doing,’’ he said. Williams said he will remember Gaylord as someone with a dry wit who knew how to put things in perspective, such as how sculptors fit into the art scene. He said because Gay-lord went to art school, he approached sculpting from a different perspective than those who learned by working in a granite shed. ‘‘When I met him I kind of wanted to emu-late that part of him that wasn’t ground down by an industry. He still had an arts spirit,’’ Williams said. f 
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS AND SCHOLARS Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I want to take a moment to highlight the benefits of international students and scholars who come to the United States to live and study and who have been unfairly penalized by the current administration’s efforts to limit travel to our country. I wonder how many Americans are aware of the many ways that inter-national students contribute to our colleges and universities, to our com-munities, and to our Nation. In eco-nomic terms, last year alone, inter-national students contributed an esti-mated $37 billion to the U.S. economy and created or supported more than 450,000 U.S. jobs. In our State of Vermont, nearly 2,000 international students and their families contributed $83.1 million and supported 850 jobs. One would think that President Trump, who often touts his efforts to create jobs, would want to encourage this. In addition to economic benefits, international students and scholars ad-vance U.S. national security by strengthening our diplomatic and cul-tural ties with foreign countries. Stu-dents and scholars who spend time in the U.S. become informal ambassadors when they return home, sharing an ap-preciation for common values, counter-acting stereotypes about Americans, enhancing respect for cultural dif-ferences, and maintaining connections with our country and citizens. However, our country is at risk of losing our position as the most attrac-tive country for international students and scholars and of ceding the critical benefits associated with such a reputa-tion to others. The U.S. Council of Graduate Schools recently reported a decline in inter-national graduate student applications and enrollment for fall 2017, the first such decline in more than a decade. In fiscal year 2017, the U.S. Department of State issued nearly 20 percent fewer student visas compared to the previous fiscal year. Students and scholars are increasingly uncertain about their sta-tus in our country, as well as the types of educational and research opportuni-ties that will remain available to inter-national students. This uncertainty and the chilling effects of recent execu-tive orders targeting foreigners appear to be diminishing the ability of the United States and our higher education institutions to remain attractive to international students. At the same time, many other coun-tries—including Australia, Canada, and China—are seizing the opportunity and proactively introducing national poli-cies and marketing strategies to at-tract talented international students who might otherwise come here. I urge the administration to not ig-nore the many important contributions to the U.S. economy, national security, and global reputation that are made by international students and scholars. The administration should reconsider its policies that are contributing to un-certainly and reluctance among such individuals, who instead should feel welcomed and encouraged to bring their talents and other contributions to this country. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF KYLE DUNCAN Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, this week I cast my vote in support of the nomination of Kyle Duncan to serve as a judge on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Mr. Duncan has been a suc-cessful trial and appellate attorney, as well as a law professor at the Univer-sity of Mississippi School of Law. He was the assistant solicitor general for the State of Texas and the appellate chief for the State of Louisiana. He has tried cases at the State and Federal levels and has argued twice before the U.S. Supreme Court. The American Bar Association has reviewed his nomina-tion and has rated Mr. Duncan ‘‘well- qualified.’’ Some have criticized Mr. Duncan for his work on certain high-profile cases. Nearly all nominees for the Federal courts who come before the Senate have advocated for various positions. Some of them have been involved in controversial, high-profile cases. In considering a nominee’s fitness to serve on the bench, we should consider whether they have the intellect, the temperament, and the respect for precedent to fairly and faithfully up-hold the law. One case that Mr. Duncan litigated has been mischaracterized in a way that suggests he is biased against the LGBT community. Mr. Duncan’s oppo-nents argue that his work in V.L. v. E.L., in which the opposing party was a lesbian, demonstrates this bias. What these critics fail to mention is that Mr. Duncan’s client was also a lesbian. The matter was a custody case involving two women in a same-sex partnership. As his cocounsel in the case, Randall W. Nichols, has described in a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee, dated November 27, 2017: 
I note that some may criticize Mr. Duncan for representing clients in the same-sex mar-riage litigation. It must not go without no-tice that our mutual client, E.L., was a same-sex woman asserting a strong, albeit ultimately unsuccessful, legal argument. Mr. Duncan represented our mutual client with-out once making an issue of her sexual ori-entation, without once displaying any per-sonal bias, and without once indicating a de-sire to advance any agenda other than win-ning the case for E.L. Mr. Duncan has testified to the Judi-ciary Committee that he would follow all applicable precedents of the Su-preme Court and Fifth Circuit. He dem-onstrated his deference to precedent during his time representing the State of Louisiana. While the Supreme Court was deciding the Obergefell case on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage laws, Mr. Duncan was representing the State of Louisiana in a challenge to its marriage law. Following the Court’s decision, the Fifth Circuit instructed the parties in the Louisiana case to ex-plain whether Obergefell resolved the matter for the court. The very next day, Mr. Duncan filed a letter explaining that, despite Louisi-ana’s disagreement with the Obergefell outcome, the Fifth Circuit must follow the new Supreme Court precedent and strike down Louisiana’s law. While still representing the State, Mr. Dun-can announced that married same-sex couples would be able to have both of their names on their children’s birth certificates. Mr. Duncan’s actions fol-lowing the Obergefell decision dem-onstrate that he will respect precedent and faithfully follow the law. By contrast, in a similar case, the lawyers for the State of Arkansas con-tinued to fight over whether Obergefell required States to issue birth certifi-cates with the names of both same-sex spouses. Unlike Mr. Duncan, they re-sisted the Obergefell precedent all the way up to the Supreme Court and lost. That case, Pavan v. Smith, confirms that Mr. Duncan did the right thing in advising the Fifth Circuit to apply the Obergefell precedent. It is also noteworthy that the attor-ney who argued against Mr. Duncan in the Louisiana case strongly supports his nomination. In an opinion article published in ‘‘The Hill’’ on March 25, 2018, Paul Baier, who is now a law pro-fessor at Louisiana State University, describes Mr. Duncan as a ‘‘magnifi-cent nominee for the Fifth Circuit who ought to be swiftly confirmed.’’ He goes on to describe Mr. Duncan’s quali-fications in the following way: 
I always appreciated and respected Kyle’s advocacy for his client and his respect for the humanity of the same-sex couples who would be most affected by the case. While I disagreed with many of his arguments, often emphatically, I never found a trace of bias, bigotry, or any disrespect towards the same- sex individuals in the case. Kyle knows well the difference between the advocate’s role for his client (in the same- sex marriage case, the State of Louisiana) and what he would be called upon to decide as a judge on the Fifth Circuit. I maintain this view of Kyle even having faced off against him in the highly charged atmos-phere of same-sex marriage litigation. His ability to act as a judge and not advocate will surely carry over to other questions of public importance facing the Fifth Circuit. 
The advice and consent role given to the Senate in the Constitution is one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.058 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2478 April 26, 2018 
the Senate’s most solemn duties and one to which I give the utmost care. I apply no litmus test with respect to a nominee’s personal beliefs, and have voted for judicial nominees whose per-sonal views differ from my own, but evaluating whether a nominee pos-sesses an ability to set aside emotion and personal views while applying the laws in a neutral and impartial manner is critical. In this regard, I believe Mr. Duncan will be faithful to the rule of law. He has pledged to the Judiciary Com-mittee and to me that he will follow all precedents of the Supreme Court, and his actions in the Louisiana same-sex marriage case are evidence that he will do this, even if he disagrees with the outcome. I support his confirmation. 
f 
JESSIE’S LAW Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, in March 2016, we lost a young woman with great potential named Jessica Grubb. Jessie was a great student, a loving daughter and sister, and an avid runner. She was also recovering from an opioid addiction. When she had surgery for an infec-tion related to a running injury, her parents were there to take care of her, and both Jessie and her parents told her doctors and hospital personnel that she was a recovering addict and not to be prescribed opioids. Unfortunately, Jessie’s discharging physician did not see this note in her chart, despite it being in there eight separate times. He did not know that she was a recovering addict and sent her home with a prescription for 50 oxycodone pills. Her parents talked to her on the phone when she got home, but that was the last time they talked to her. She had passed away that night in her sleep. The temptation was too great for her, as it would be for so many in re-covery. Her death was tragic, but prevent-able. That is why I introduced Jessie’s Law and why I fought to have it included as part of the fiscal year 2018 omnibus ap-propriations bill. The fiscal year 2018 LHHS Appropriations Subcommittee Senate Report, which was signed into law, includes the following common-sense language to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to estab-lish best practices for hospitals and physicians for sharing information about a patient’s past opioid addiction when that information is shared by the patient with the healthcare provider: ‘‘Opioid Medical Record Reporting.— The Committee is deeply concerned about the devastating impact that the opioid epidemic is having on families throughout the country, and recognizes that medical providers must have ac-cess to information about their pa-tients’ past opioid addiction if that in-formation is provided by the patient. The Committee encourages the Sec-retary to develop and disseminate standards that would allow hospitals and physicians to access the history of opioid addiction in medical records (in-cluding electronic health records) of any patient who has provided informa-tion about such addiction to a healthcare provider.’’ These standards will be created in honor of Jessica Grubb and will help ensure that a patient’s substance use disorder history is included in a pa-tient’s record like any other life- threatening medical issue, including a penicillin allergy. This will help keep a tragedy like Jessie’s death from ever happening again by ensuring that, when individ-uals are open about their past addic-tion, healthcare providers will have ac-cess to the information that they need to provide medically appropriate care and save lives. f 
WORLD INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY DAY Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, today, April 26, 2018, we celebrate World Intellectual Property Day and recognize the important role intellec-tual property plays in the fabric of so-ciety. We take time to recognize the innovators and creators who are mak-ing our lives healthier, safer, and more productive through their ingenuity and the robust system of intellectual prop-erty protections enshrined in our laws. This year’s World Intellectual Prop-erty Day campaign in particular cele-brates the women who are driving change and making our common future better though innovation in so many fields including science, healthcare, art, engineering, and design, just to name a few. Inspiring contributions from count-less women are powering innovation in our world. For example, Helen Murray Free was inducted into the National In-ventor’s Hall of Fame in 2000 and awarded the national medal of tech-nology and innovation in 2010 for her pioneering work in self-testing systems for diabetes. She received seven pat-ents for her work. Iowa’s own Mary Florence Potts also used the American patent system to protect three of her inventions. Her work improved the safety of common household appli-ances, and her novel iron design was even displayed at the 1876 World’s Fair in Philadelphia. Elise Harmon holds numerous patents for technology, rang-ing from microprocessor production to high-altitude carbon brush perform-ance. Our intellectual property system must continue to protect and reward the work of women like Helen Murray Free, Mary Florence Potts, and Elise Harmon. We need to continue creating an en-vironment where innovative, creative women are empowered, connected, and celebrated. This involves ensuring a ro-bust, inclusive intellectual property system that fosters and rewards inno-vation and the widespread ingenuity that has made America a leading force in the global economy. The Founding Fathers recognized that robust intellectual property infra-structure fosters creative talent and enhances innovative spark. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution says ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to pro-mote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.’’ Placing this authority within Congress’s enumerated powers underscores the weight that our Founding Fathers placed on intellec-tual property’s value to the budding Nation. Although the American system of intellectual property rights has evolved since the ratification of the Constitution, its core mission of pro-moting innovation has remained con-stant. As a result, America has long been on the forefront of intellectual property and a leader in so many IP-in-tensive fields. Our IP system is one that rightly rewards creativity and passion, characteristics common to so many Americans. Intellectual property is also critical to our national economy because it fuels innovation that improves lives and creates jobs. The United States is one of the most dynamic and innova-tive countries in the world. Our Na-tion’s success in areas such as agri-culture, manufacturing, computer technology, and medicine can be traced in large measure to our respect for and protection of intellectual property. In our modern, innovation economy, pat-ents, trademarks, copyrights, trade se-crets, and other forms of IP are more critical than ever. IP protections and incentives drive enormous economic activity and development, helping as-sure America’s place as an economic and intellectual beacon to the world. According to the U.S. Commerce De-partment, IP-intensive industries ac-count for more than 45 million direct and indirect U.S. jobs—that is nearly a third of the workforce—and almost 40 percent of U.S. GDP. In addition, these jobs pay well. Average weekly wages in IP-intensive industries are 46 percent higher than in non-IP intensive fields. As a society, we depend on innovators not just to fuel our economy, but to make our lives better and to solve the challenges we face. These innovators, in turn, depend on different forms of intellectual property. The Judiciary Committee plays an important role in protecting intellec-tual property. The committee exercises jurisdiction over our Nation’s intellec-tual property laws, including those governing patents, trademarks, and copyrights. We consider legislation that helps to ensure that intellectual property rights continue to promote jobs and innovation. The committee also exercises important oversight of the Patent and Trademark Office, the Office of the Intellectual Property En-forcement Coordinator, and various law enforcement entities charged with protecting IP. Just last week, we held an oversight hearing with Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.059 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2479 April 26, 2018 
Iancu from the U.S. Patent and Trade-mark Office. We heard about what is going well and about some of the dif-ficulties facing the Office, as well as other intellectual property stake-holders. As chairman of the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, I will continue to embrace my role as a promoter of in-tellectual property rights, innovation, and ultimately American jobs. This World Intellectual Property Day, it is important to once again rec-ognize the significance of our Nation’s robust system of intellectual property protection and enforcement. As we rec-ognize the positive impacts IP has on innovation, let’s continue to find ways to work together to ensure its protec-tion against infringement. We want the United States to maintain its position as the most innovative and creative country in the world. 
f 
REMEMBERING VEL PHILLIPS Ms. BALDWIN. Madam President, today I wish to honor Vel Phillips, who was born Velvalea Hortense Rodgers in 1923 in Milwaukee and passed away on April 17, 2018, at the age of 95. Vel was a civil rights leader and a pioneer in social justice and fair housing who left an indelible mark on the State of Wis-consin. Vel earned a national oratory schol-arship from the Black Elks to attend Howard University, where she earned her bachelor’s degree in 1946. She re-turned to her home State of Wisconsin to attend the University of Wisconsin— Madison Law School, becoming the first Black woman to graduate from the school, just one in a long series of significant firsts for Vel. Following law school, Vel made it her life’s work to advocate for social justice and equal rights. She became actively involved in the National Asso-ciation for the Advancement of Colored People, working for political, social, educational, and economic equality for people of color. Vel was elected to the Milwaukee Common Council in 1956, not only as the first African American, but also as the first woman. Her election sent shockwaves through the all-White, all- male council. Rather than welcoming her to her new position, her colleagues refused to share an office with her and suggested she join the aldermen’s wives club instead of the council. A firm be-liever in polite persistence, Vel took her seat quietly but proudly. She quickly went on to become an advocate not only for the people in her district, but for every African American in the city. She later said, ‘‘No matter where they lived, I was their alderman and they called me.’’ Vel would go on to accomplish many more firsts. In 1971, she became the first woman judge in Milwaukee Coun-ty, as well as the first African-Amer-ican judge in the State of Wisconsin. In 1978, she made history again as the first woman and minority elected sec-retary of State in Wisconsin. In spite of all these significant firsts, Vel Phillips is perhaps best known for initiating the long but ultimately suc-cessful fight to outlaw housing dis-crimination in Milwaukee. Until the late 1960s, landlords freely refused to sell or rent property to people of color. Even if homeowners wanted to sell property to people of color, banks rou-tinely rejected their loan applications. As a result, African Americans lived al-most exclusively in one run-down neighborhood on Milwaukee’s near north side. In 1962, Vel introduced the city’s first ordinance to prohibit discrimination in housing. The council promptly rejected it by a vote of 18 to 1. She tried three additional times over the next 6 years with the same result. The Milwaukee NAACP Youth Council and The Rev. James Groppi took up her cause in 1967 and organized 200 consecutive nights of protests in support of her ordinance. When her colleagues adopted a wa-tered-down version of an open housing ordinance in an attempt to make the protests stop, Vel told them, ‘‘Thanks for nothing. You are very much too late and very much too little.’’ The council finally passed a strong open housing ordinance in 1968, after the assassination of the Rev. Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., spurred Congress to pass the national Fair Housing Act. Following her retirement from public office, Vel remained involved in impor-tant causes, speaking up when she saw injustice, protesting when necessary, and educating students from all over the world. Public servant, trailblazer, activist, icon, and pioneer are all words that only begin to describe Vel Phillips’ contributions to the fight for equality in Wisconsin. While history will for-ever remember her for her string of momentous firsts, her greatest legacy will be the many women who run for elective office or the countless African Americans who live throughout the city thanks to the seemingly insur-mountable barriers she shattered. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONGRATULATING THE VANDER-BILT UNIVERSITY WOMEN’S BOWLING TEAM ∑Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, as a fellow Commodore, I would like to congratulate the Vanderbilt University women’s bowling team on winning the National Collegiate Athletic Associa-tion, NCAA, championship, the second national championship for the women’s bowling program and the fourth na-tional championship in Commodore athletic history. John Williamson, the head coach of this program for 14 years, has done an excellent job of training and guiding these exceptional student-athletes. He has worked hard to build this program from its inception in 2004 into one that annually contends for championships. Vanderbilt is a very special univer-sity, one that produces student-ath-letes of exceptional character and in-tegrity. These are student-athletes that have pride in themselves and their school, in both academics and ath-letics. In fact, Kristin Quah of the bowling team earned the NCAA’s Elite 90 Award for having the highest grade point average at the championships, a 3.953, while double majoring in bio-medical and electrical engineering. Seven members of the team were re-cently named to the spring sports All SEC Academic Honor Roll. I am filled with pride for my alma mater, and I wish the bowling team and all of Vanderbilt University the best. This achievement would not have been possible without the hard work, talent, and teamwork of the following outstanding student-athletes: Kelsey Abrahamsen, Maria Bulanova, Samantha Gainor, Bryanna Leyen, Jor-dan Newham, Ariana Perez, Lauren Potechin, Kristin Quah, Emily Rigney, Katie Stark, and Adel Wahner. These student-athletes were coached and mentored by a dedicated team of coaches and athletic department staff, including: head coach John Williamson; assistant coach and former All-American Josie Earnest Barnes; as-sociate athletic director and sport ad-ministrator Kevin Colon; strength and conditioning coach Darren Edgington; facility manager Kenny Moore; aca-demic counselor Candice Johnson; ath-letic trainer Alda Burston; and volun-teer sports information director Rod Williamson. I would also like to acknowledge chancellor Nicholas S. Zeppos; vice chancellor and athletics director David Williams II; deputy athletics director Candice Storey Lee; and senior asso-ciate athletics directors Lori Alex-ander; and Martin Salamone for their vision and leadership. Anchor Down, Commodores. We are proud of you.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MECALLEN GARNEAU ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Mecallen for his hard work as an intern in my Sheridan office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Mecallen is a native of Sheridan. He is a freshman at Sheridan College, where he is studying occupational ther-apy and health science. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Mecallen for the dedication he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.060 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2480 April 26, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO LINDA LOMBARDI ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Linda for her hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Linda is a native of Arizona. She is a student at Casper College, where she is studying general studies. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Linda for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NICOLE PECK ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Nicole for her hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Republican Policy Committee. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Nicole is a native of Jackson. She is a sophomore at Georgetown Univer-sity. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an in-valuable asset to our office. The qual-ity of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Nicole for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EMMA ROGERS ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Emma for her hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Emma is a native of Arizona. She is a student at Casper College, where she is going to study political science. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Emma for the dedi-cation she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CONROY STOUT ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Conroy for his hard work as an intern in my Wash-ington, DC office. I recognize his ef-forts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Conroy is a native of Cheyenne. He attended the University of Wyoming for both undergraduate and graduate studies, where he studied communica-tions and political science. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Conroy for the dedi-cation he has shown while working for me and my staff. It is a pleasure to have him as part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his journey.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY TETER ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I would like to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Emily for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office, as well as to the State of Wyoming. Emily is a native of Wheatland. She is a junior at the University of Wyo-ming, where she is studying phychology and criminal justice. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. I want to thank Emily for the dedica-tion she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANDY ANDERSON ∑Mr. DAINES. Madam President, this week, I have the honor of recognizing Andy Anderson for his over 60 years of commitment to being the go-to barber in Judith Basin County. Andy grew up in Harlowton but spent a few years in Two Dot, where his par-ents worked as ranchers. After turning 17, Andy went to barber school in Washington but swiftly moved back to Montana following the training. He opened his first barber shop in Stanford and shortly thereafter opened a second in Denton. In December of 2017, Andy celebrated his 60th year as a barber. Andy believes strongly in giving back to his community. He spent 4 years serving as State barber inspector on the State barber board. This involved visiting barber shops around the State, inspecting their shops, but also offer-ing any assistance he could to local barbers. Additionally, he spent a term serving as a member of the city coun-cil. Andy and has wife, Alverta, have been married for 58 years. They have three kids and eight grandchildren. Andy’s son Scott has followed in his fa-ther’s footsteps and works in the Den-ton shop on Thursdays. I congratulate Andy Anderson on his tremendous career. He has improved the lives of many around him and will continue to leave a lasting impact on the people of his community and the greater State of Montana.∑ f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF VISTA HOUSE ∑Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, Oregon is renowned for our beautiful places, and the view of the Columbia Gorge from Interstate 84 is one of the most stunning drives in the country. Oregonians and travelers alike are for-tunate that, for a century now, we have been able to break from driving and take in the entire stunning view of the gorge from the Vista House. The idea came from Samuel Lan-caster, supervisor of the Columbia River Highway project, who proposed to construct a building on the summit of Crown Point. He wanted travelers along the highway to feel inspired, and to make the wonders of the gorge ac-cessible. The Vista House was built as a rest stop observatory on the old Columbia River Gorge Highway and as a memo-rial for Oregon’s settlers, particularly those whose journey took them along the Columbia River. Described by its architect, Edgar M. Lazarus, as ‘‘a temple to the natural beauty of the Gorge,’’ Vista House has long been rec-ognized for its historic significance and was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. From its vantage point 733 feet above the Columbia River, millions of trav-elers have enjoyed a step back in time and one of Oregon’s most inspiring views. With the help of thousands of dedicated volunteers from Friends of Vista House, who tell visitors the fas-cinating history of the Vista House, this Oregon treasure has found its place in our Nation’s history. I join all Oregonians in looking for-ward to another 100 years of cele-brating Oregon’s beauty and its history at the Vista House.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALAN GERSHENHORN ∑Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, today I would like to recognize the ca-reer and service of Mr. Alan Gershenhorn, a 38-year veteran of United Parcel Service. Mr. Gershenhorn started his career as a part-time package handler in Houston, TX, and has since held a number of po-sitions within the company, including his most recent position as UPS’s exec-utive vice president and chief commer-cial officer. He has been a member of the UPS management committee since 2007. In addition to his corporate respon-sibilities, Mr. Gershenhorn served as a delegate to the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.062 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2481 April 26, 2018 
trustee of the UPS Foundation. As trustee, he oversaw investments of more than 2.6 million volunteer hours and $116 million in direct and in-kind donations to communities in need around the world in 2016. Mr. Gershenhorn worked to increase diversity at UPS and to create a wel-coming and inclusive environment for all. In addition to supporting UPS’s business resource groups that cham-pioned employees from a wide array of backgrounds, he also served in a lead-ership role on the Crecer BRG. UPS CEO David Abney recognized Mr. Gershenhorn’s impact on UPS as ‘‘tremendous.’’ UPS president of global public affairs Laura Lane noted that he is an ‘‘outstanding leader who encour-ages and empowers the people around him.’’ There is no doubt that Mr. Gershenhorn’s vision and strategic leadership have played an integral role in UPS’s growth over the last 38 years. I am proud to recognize Mr. Gershenhorn’s true lifetime of achieve-ment and example of the American dream. Mr. Gershenhorn contributed to the dreams of others in every position he held. I congratulate Mr. Gershenhorn on his nearly four decades of service and wish him the very best in retirement.∑ 
f 
FUTURE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ∑Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I wish to honor 591 high school seniors in 12 northeast Ohio counties for their de-cision to enlist in the U.S. Armed Forces. Of these 591 seniors, 163 will enter the Army, 134 will enter the Ma-rine Corps, 107 will enter the Navy, 19 will enter the Air Force, 7 will enter the Coast Guard, 153 will enter our Ohio Army National Guard, and 8 will enter the Ohio Air National Guard. In the presence of their parents-guard-ians, high school counselors, military leaders, and city and business leaders, all 591 will be recognized on May 9, 2018, at the Northeast Ohio Foundation for Patriotism ‘‘Our Community Sa-lutes’’ event. In a few short weeks, these young men and women will join with many of their classmates in celebration of their high school graduation. At a time when many of their peers are looking for-ward to pursuing vocational training or college degrees or are uncertain about their futures, these young men and women instead have chosen to dedicate themselves to military service in defense of our rights, our freedoms, and our country. They should know that they have full support of this Sen-ate Chamber and the American people who are with them in whatever chal-lenges may lie ahead. These 591 young men and women are the cornerstone of our liberties. It is thanks to their dedication and the dedication of an untold number of pa-triots just like them that we are able to meet here today in the U.S. Senate and openly debate the best solutions to the many diverse problems that con-front our country. It is thanks to their sacrifices that the United States of America remains a beacon of hope and freedom in a dangerous world. We are grateful to them, and we are grateful to their parents and their communities for instilling in them not only the mental and physical abilities our Armed Forces require, but also the character, the values, and the dis-cipline that leads someone to put serv-ice to our Nation over self. I would like to personally thank these 591 graduating seniors for volun-teering to risk their lives in defense of our Nation. We owe them, along with all those who serve our country, a deep debt of gratitude. I ask to have printed in the RECORD  the names of the 591 high school sen-iors. The material follows: 
UNITED STATES ARMY—163 Aguerrero—Jefferson; Allen—North Can-ton; Allen—Wellsville; Ambiz—Ashtabula; Ashley—Fairlawn; Banegas Valladares— Barberton; Bansek—Lorain; Beckley— Youngstown; Benco—North Ridgeville; Besosa Cortes—Brooklyn; Black—New Wa-terford; Bluford-Brown—Lorain; Bost—East Liverpool; Bowser—East Pal-estine; Bradford—Oakwood Village; Branch— Cleveland; Brandenburg—Broadview Heights; Breeds— Lorain; Brown—Wooster; Bush—Columbia Station; Bush—Uniontown; Calhoun—Medina; Campbell—Kent; Cardarelli—Youngstown; Carducci—Ashtabula; Casenhiser—New Franklin; Chaplin—Euclid; Cheung—Cleve-land; Ciha—Kent; Clark—Parma; Coker—Cleveland; Combs— Parma; Crawford—Avon Lake; Crecraft— Hubbard; Cross—Youngstown; Daley—Salem; Deka— North Royalton; Dillinger—Ashtabula; Downing—Garrettsville; Driggs—Canton; Duncan—Cleveland Heights; Ellis—Cleve-land; Facemyer—Elyria; Fanara—Stow; Garrow—Columbia Station; Gillespie— Conneaut; Gilman—Lakewood; Grace—Struthers; Greer—Parma Heights; Gregg—Lorain; Grif-fith—Hartville; Griffith—Girard; Groat—Medina; Gross— Brunswick; Hall—Ashtabula; Hall—Mayfield Heights; Hanson—Westlake; Harris—Youngstown; Heestand—Alliance; Hendren—Akron; Hively—Canfield; Holdridge—Medina; Holocker—Parma; Hunker—Oberlin; Ice—Lorain; Jacobs— Cleveland; Jacobs—Parma; Jakes—Cleveland Heights; Johnson III—Cleveland; Johnston— Cuyahoga Falls; Jones—Euclid; Jones—LaGrange; Kauffman—Millersburg; Kessler—Wads-worth; Konjovic—Norton; Lar—Akron; Laubacher—Louisville; Lednik—Elyria; Lennerth—LaGrange; Lessears—Akron; Likes—Litchfield; Lin-den—Elyria; Lohr—Avon Lake; Loosemore— Youngstown; Lopez—Deerfield; Malone—Cleveland; Medina—North Ridgeville; Miller—New Franklin; Miller— Canton; Minarchick—Brunswick; Morales— Wickliffe; Morris—Beloit; Morrison—Smith-ville; Multunas—Brunswick; Murphy—Salem; Ochenkowski—Lorain; Palmer—Canton; Parker—Beach City; Parks—Avon Lake; Patterson—Medina; Perez—Wooster; Pestka—Doylestown; Peters—Vermilion; Peters—Youngstown; Poling—Niles; Potase—Masury; Prell—Parma; Proctor— Ashtabula; Rambo—Columbiana; Ramsay—Wads-worth; Reis—North Olmsted; Reyes—Cleve-land; Reynolds—Elyria; Rhodes—Amherst; Rob-inson—Cleveland; Robinson—Macedonia; Rollingson—Bellevue; Saikaly—New Franklin; Samela—Cuyahoga Falls; Santos— Elyria; Schell—Conneaut; Sharier—Barberton; Shelton—Wellington; Shrout—Eastlake; Singer—Elyria; Smith—Columbia Station; Smith—Akron; Smith—Lake Milton; Smith—East Liver-pool; Smithers—Cuyahoga Falls, Spagling— Akron; Spoon—Orwell; Stewart—North Can-ton; Stipanovich—Youngstown; Stockwell— Akron; Stokes—Barberton; Summers—Cleve-land; Swiger—Campbell; Tanner—Medina; Tindel—Akron; Townsley—Elyria; Traster— Lorain; Tun—Akron; Upperman—North Canton; Vandoren—Orrville; Vinson—Barberton; Wallbrown—New Franklin; Wesner—Me-dina; Weston—Canton; White—Cleveland; White—Elyria; Williams—Strongsville; Williams—Canal Fulton; Williams—Youngstown; Wilson— Mentor; Witherow—Columbiana; Wolf—Malvern; Wood—Parma; Wray—Akron; Wright—Cleve-land; Wyley—Cleveland; Yarian—Alliance; Zeisler—Youngstown; U
NITED STATES MARINE CORPS —134 Aronov—Solon; Aviles—Cleveland; Bai-ley—Akron; Baileyperschka—Conneaut; Bartek—Ravenna; Bates—Barberton; Benson—Medina; Berry—Tallmadge; Berryhill—Aurora; Bish— Madison; Bjornholm—Painesville; Block—Akron; Bolton—Akron; Britton—Conneaut; Brockett—Atwater; Bryan—Perry; Burge—Cleveland Heights; Burianek—Brunswick; Burton—Painesville; Byler—Jefferson; Casey—Ashtabula; Chan-dler—Medina; Cilluffo—Geneva; Clapp— Wooster; Cochran—Lakewood; Cotter—Copley; Dages—Kirtland; Deguzmancacho—Cleve-land; DeMarco—Medina; Douglas—Mantua; Dunn—Creston; Durbak—Ravenna; Elmore— Medina; Elswick—Chardon; Fedor—Aurora; Friedmann—Strongsville; Galarce—Parma; Gill—LaGrange; Goulbourne—Bedford Heights; Griffin— Cleveland; Guttliep—Parma; Hamm—Solon; Harris—Maple Heights; Harris—Stow; Har-ris—Bedford; Harris—Akron; Hartman— Newbury; Hatchell—Garfield Heights; Hayes—Fair-view Park; Haywood—Bedford; Heathfield— Cleveland; Helsel—Brookpark; Helton—Medina; Helton—Rittman; Hemmi—Jefferson; Henry—Cleveland; Hernandez Cedeno—Cleveland; Hickman— Akron; Hiott—Mentor-on-the-Lake; Hodgdon—Orrville; Hotz—North Olmsted; Howe—Akron; Huff—Painesville; Jacobs—Dorset; Jones— Bedford; Jones—Barberton; Juist—Madison; Kamel—Brookpark; Kay—Macedonia; Kerr— Madison; Knight—Akron; Koziol—Burton; Lee— Cleveland Heights; Leipold—Cuyahoga Falls; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.046 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2482 April 26, 2018 
Lindsay—Akron; Lively—Cleveland; Lor— Atwater; Lynhamsimoes—Austinburg; Mabee—Akron; Mack—Akron; Mancuso—Akron; Mannarino—Ashtabula; Marallo—Lyndhurst; Marshall—Copley; Martinesquinones—Cleveland; Mayo— Kirtland; Mckee—Jefferson; Michalske—Mid-dleburg Heights; Miller—Akron; Miller—Willoughby; Mitchem—East Cleveland; Munaretto—Men-tor; Niemi—Jefferson; Orantescruz—Akron; Otis—Cleveland; Palmer—Chagrin Falls; Pamer—Mogadore; Papp—Brookpark; Parker—Madison; Patterson—Cleveland; Pemberton—Chagrin Falls; Perdue—Me-dina; Plaza—Westlake; Price—Copley; Proc-tor—Akron; Reeves—Akron; Richmond—Conneaut; Rodriguez—Columbia Station; Scales—Shak-er Heights; Schafer—Madison; Scott—Rock Creek; Sears—Cuyahoga Falls; Severns—Akron; Shelton—Akron; Shipton—Akron; Skye— Mogadore; Spencer—Barberton; Stewart— Smithville; Sutton—Atwater; Taylor—Painesville; Thomas— Strongsville; Tisdale—Conneaut; Toth—Ash-tabula; Troyer—Apple Creek; Vanbrunt—Orrville; Wagner—North Olmsted; Wiley— Warrensville Heights; Wilson—Orrville; Wilson—Chardon; With-ers—Akron; Wooster—North Olmsted; Wright—Bedford; Zdanczewski—Windham; Zmauc—Cleve-land; U
NITED STATES NAVY—107 Adkins—North Olmsted; Baker—Warren; Berry—Willoughby; Bhagmath—Lorain; Blews—Girard; Bolha—Austintown; Bolton—Middlefield; Boyd—Farmdale; Burns—Ashtabula; Buzzelli—Austintown; Byczek—Lakewood; Cantrell—Jefferson; Cantu—Wellington; Caraballo—Lorain; Cate—Parma; Chase— North Royalton; Clark—Middlefield; D’Amico—Mineral Ridge; Davis—Paines-ville; Dawes—Geneva; Derry—Newton Falls; Dudra—Fairview Park; Dyling—Warren; Eltringham—Geneva; Enos—Ashtabula; Evanitcka—Sebring; Farahay—Parma; Ferguson—Youngstown; Fisher—Cleveland Heights; Fitzpatrick—North Jackson; Fuerst— Chardon; Garrido—Ashtabula; Glagola— Parma; Gustovich—Girard; Hanson—Burton; Har-per—Cleveland; Harris-Michetti—Fowler; Henderson—Lakewood; Hernandez—Elyria; Holderman—Warren; Hove—Mentor; Huffman—Elyria; Hunchuck—Geneva; Ingram—Niles; Jakupca—Mentor; Johnson— Cleveland; Johnson—Elyria; Josselson—Parma; Kamsing—Madison; Karp—Avon Lake; Kenreich—Girard; Keyes—Ashtabula; Kidd—Wellington; Koharik—Broadview Heights; Kowalski— Mentor; Kristof—Rocky River; Krouse—Nor-walk; Ladiha—Mentor; Long—LaGrange; Lozinak—Parma; Lugo—Cleveland; Maldonado—Geneva; McMinn—Mentor; McNally—Boardman; Meeker—Niles; Merriman—Mentor; Mickus—Painesville; Morgan—Lorain; Myres III—Fowler; Nebe— Mentor; Needham—Youngstown; O’Neill—North Olmsted; Pastor—Mentor; Price—Westlake; Prochko—Parma; Rado—Parma; Ragland—East Cleveland; Rangel—Aguirre—Perry; Reilly—Westlake; Reynolds—Hubbard; Rodriguez—Parma; Ross—Painesville; Rutledge—Boardman; Scheuer—Painesville; Schivitz—Mentor; Sexton—Youngstown; Sharp Jr.—Lyndhurst; Shoaff—Parma; Shultz—Salem; Slifko—Hubbard; Smith— Parma; Snowbrick—Bay Village; Sverko— Kirtland; Thistlewaite—Columbiana; Tripodi— Huron; Vandenberg—Chardon; Velez—Lake-wood; Voll—Parma Heights; Walker—Andover; Wear—Brecksville; Weber—Huron; Wells— Lyndhurst; Williams—Cleveland Heights; Wilson—Can-field; Windelspecht—Brecksville; Zborowski—Madison; UNITED STATES AIRFORCE —19 Barnes—Wickliffe; Casto—Cuyahoga Falls; Duesing—Painesville; Fisher—Uniontown; Kaiser—Akron; McEldowney—Akron; Polosky—Uniontown; Robinson—Cuyahoga Falls; Rojas—South Euclid; Romine—Akron; Scheidler—Stow; Schleis—Akron; Shafer—Akron; Shaver— Munroe Falls; Slater—Euclid; Spencer—Sil-ver Lake; Staley—Rittman; Washko—Stow; Yovanovich—Barberton; U
NITED STATES COAST GUARD —7 Crawford—North Ridgeville; Langer—Con-cord; Nelson—Clyde; Robles—Berlin Heights; Slagle—Salem; Smith—North Ridgeville; Tryon—Eastlake; O
HIOARMYNATIONAL GUARD —153 Anderson—Lakewood; Anthony—Andover; Arnold—Lorain ; Aumann—Mentor; Barrios—Lorain; Baxter—Maple Heights; Berndt— Bristolville; Black—Massillon; Bouchonville—Oberlin; Bradford—Brook Park; Bradford—Brook Park; Brady—Massillon; Brown—Cleveland; Carlton—Fairview Park; Carper—Akron; Chase—Youngstown; Chen—Cleveland; Church—Euclid; Cook—Cuyahoga Falls; Coonrod—Avon; Copley—Barberton; Coreno—Cleveland; Corriere—Akron; Cox—Youngstown; Cozens—Madison; Cromer—West Salem; Culbertson—Rock Creek; Dahler—Berlin Center; Dalessandro—Woos-ter; Dalton—Andover; Dampier—Elyria; Danielly—Hudson; Davidson—Cleveland; Deleon—Amherst; Deleon—Alliance; Delsanter—Richmond Heights; Depasquale—Canton; Dibo—Boardman; Dieffenbaugher—Hartville; Dragos—Niles; Dreher—Minerva; Dunay— Chardon; Ehrlich—Strongsville; 1. Estrada— Cleveland; N. Estrada—Cleveland; Fein—Elyria; Fer-guson—Euclid; Freeman—Canfield; Fuentes—Broadview Heights; Gallagher— Brook Park; Gassama—Cleveland; Gehret— Alliance; George—Hubbard; Gipson—Elyria; Glover— Bay Village; Goins—Tallmadge; Gonzalez Sanabria—Lorain; Goodson—Eu-clid; Grubbs—North Olmsted; Gunter—Elyr-ia; Gwinn—Barberton; Hadley—Cleveland; Henderson—Kent; Hladun—Berlin Center; Hoyle—Akron; Huff—Shaker Heights; Huff—Alliance; Huffman—Wooster; Hughes—Alliance; Irizarry—Lorain; Isaac—Solon; Jones—Rock Creek; Kamuda—Akron; Kinne—Tallmadge; Kline— Akron; Kubalski—Stow; Kurpil—Alliance; Lane— Fredericksburg; Lara—Olmsted Falls; Lewis—Broadview Heights; Lin—Cleveland; Loar—Lorain; Lucky-Baker—Elyria; Mahaney—North Ridgeville; Martin—Elyr-ia; Martinez—Brooklyn; Martinez—Cleve-land; McCrory—Kirtland; McCullough—La-Grange; McEachern—Lorain; McGonagle— Cleveland; Meder—Brook Park; Meyers—Clinton; Mondry—Cleveland; Monk—Alliance; Monn— Parma; Morrow—Avon Lake; Morton— Warrensville; Murrell—Cleveland; Napier— Alliance; Occhionero—Pepper Pike; Osorio—Ash-tabula; Owen—Elyria; Pacheco—Columbia Station; Palmer—Lakewood; Pawcio—Warren; Perryman—Elyria; Pilch—Brook Park; Rader—Elyria; Reaves—Lakewood; Rendon—Youngstown; Rhea—Creston; Richards—Cleveland; Ritenour—Warren; Robbins—Ashtabula; Robertson—Kirtland; Robinson—Northfield; Robison—Warren; Rose—Leavittsburg; Rosenlund—Euclid; Rossi—Stow; Rowe—Bay Village; Russo—Boardman; Sandell—Conneaut; Scahel—Brunswick; Scott—Maple Heights; Scott—Deerfield; Shaffstall—Wellington; Sheese—Louisville; Shreve—Jefferson; Shupp—Andover; Skipper—Grafton; Slot—Ashtabula; Smith—Akron; Stanley—Ravenna; Strifler— Massillon; Sunyak—Akron; Teeple—Newton Falls; Thomas—Massillon; Thompson—Windham; Tolbert—Cleveland; Torres—North Olmsted; Trzebuckowski—Brook Park; Udell—Andover; Valdez-Torrez—Alliance; Vanest— Uniontown; Ward—Euclid; Watson—Elyria; Wheeler—Akron; Whitecar—Strongsville; Wilson—Cleve-land; Wood—Amherst; Young—Warren; O
HIOAIRNATIONAL GUARD —8 Bushwaigeer—Stow; Eash—Massillon; Fissel—Middlefield; Heards—Alliance; Miles—Canton; Ransom—Amherst; Tector— Medina; Torres—North Olmsted. ∑ f 
RECOGNIZING ANDYMARK ∑Mr. YOUNG. Madam President, as a member of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I am proud to recognize our hard-working Hoosiers and their vital contributions to our economy during National Small Business Week. This week, I would like to recognize AndyMark, a successful Indiana small business that provides Hoosiers with innovative and competitive robotics products. AndyMark is located in Ko-komo, IN, where their staff, who have over 200 years of combined experience, support the Hoosier robotics industry. AndyMark recently announced it is hiring more employees as a result of tax reform. It is important that we continue to support and protect Hoo-sier small businesses like AndyMark by advancing policies that will help our small and medium-sized businesses grow.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.068 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2483 April 26, 2018 
(The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:20 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3144. An act to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4009. An act to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facility on National Zoological Park prop-erty in the District of Columbia. H.R. 5447. An act to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:39 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 447. An act to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3144. An act to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 4009. An act to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facility on National Zoological Park prop-erty in the District of Columbia; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5045. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report on Steps and Protocols Related to the Rescue, Care, and Treatment of Captives of the Is-lamic State’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5046. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, with re-spect to significant narcotics traffickers cen-tered in Colombia; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5047. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5048. A communication from the Pro-gram Specialist, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rule to Increase the Ap-praisal Threshold for Commercial Real Es-tate Transactions’’ (RIN1557–AE18) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5049. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting proposed leg-islation; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5050. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Compli-ance with Order EA–12–049, Order Modifying Licenses with Regard to Requirements for Mitigation Strategies for Beyond-Design- Basis External Events’’ (JLD–ISG–20012–01, Revision 2) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 20, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5051. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2017 Section 45K(d)(2)(C) Reference Price’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–32) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 24, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5052. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defini-tions and Selection Criteria that Apply to Direct Grant Programs’’ (RIN1855–AA13) re-ceived in the Office of the President pro tem-pore of the Senate; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5053. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5054. A communication from the Presi-dent, African Development Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Annual Report of the Inspector General for the pe-riod from October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5055. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Economic Impact and Di-versity, Department of Energy, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Department’s fis-cal year 2017 report relative to the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5056. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 25, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5057. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Auction of Cross-Service FM Translator Construction Permits Scheduled for May 15, 2018; Notice and Filing Require-ments, Minimum Opening Bids, Upfront Pay-ments, and Other Procedures for Auction 99’’ ((AU Docket No. 17–143) (DA 18–260)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 25, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5058. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund Uni-versal Service Reform - Mobility Fund Sec-ond Order on Reconsideration’’ ((WT Docket No. 10–208) (FCC 18–19)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5059. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations (Cora, Wyo-ming)’’ (MB Docket No. 17–196) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 25, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5060. A communication from the Chair-man of the Office of Proceedings, Surface Transportation Board, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updating the Code of Federal Regulations’’ ((RIN2140–AB40) (Docket No. EP 746) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5061. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Modifications to Greater Amberjack Recreational Fishing Year and Fixed Closed Season’’ (RIN0648–BH32) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5062. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 25, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5063. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting a re-port required by section 1256 of the fiscal year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–217. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of West Vir-ginia urging the United States Congress to pass legislation permitting West Virginia to increase the weight of vehicles permitted to operate on Interstate Highways to that West Virginia may implement a pilot program to study various vehicle configurations and weights; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.011 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2484 April 26, 2018 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 55 Whereas, Federal law currently imposes vehicle weight limitations on vehicles that operate on the National System of Interstate and Defense Highways, The Dwight D. Eisen-hower System of Interstate and Defense Highways, hereafter ‘‘Interstate Highways’’; and Whereas, The maximum gross weight typi-cally allowed by any State for vehicles using the Interstate Highways is twenty thousand pounds carried on one axle, a tandem axle weight of thirty-four thousand pounds, and an overall maximum gross weight by for-mula; and Whereas, Federal law also contains many exceptions to such weight limits; and Whereas, The increased capacity and abil-ity of modem vehicles to transport commod-ities and products, together with increased economic pressures to reduce industry trans-portation costs and increased environmental pressures to lower carbon dioxide emissions, create economic incentives to increase the loads vehicles may transport; and Whereas, Increasing the types of vehicles, weight of vehicles, and types of loading and trucking configurations permitted on roads would increase economic efficiencies; and Whereas, Excessive weights of vehicles can result in the deterioration of roads and bridges, creating significant costs in lost road and bridge use and life; and Whereas, Certain vehicle types, vehicle configurations, load configurations, and other factors can alleviate or avoid dam-aging effect on infrastructure from increased vehicle and load weights; and Whereas, The West Virginia Legislature is directing the West Virginia Department of Transportation and Division of Highways, the West Virginia Department of Commerce, private industry, including manufacturers of commodities or products, and the engineer-ing community, including the College of In-formation Technology and Engineering at Marshall University and the Statler College of Engineering and Mineral Resources at West Virginia University, to cooperate and study the effect various trucking configura-tions and weights have on West Virginia’s entire road system, including Interstate Highways; and Whereas, Such study would include an analysis of which vehicle and load configura-tions and weights may be utilized with mini-mal consequence to West Virginia’s infra-structure, including Interstate Highways, while permitting industry to transport com-modities and products in the most economi-cal ways; and Whereas, In order to complete such a study and pilot program, West Virginia needs per-mission from the Congress of the United States to increase the weight of vehicles per-mitted to operate on Interstate Highways; Therefore, be it Resolved by the Legislature of West Virginia: That the Legislature urges the Congress of the United States to pass legislation permit-ting West Virginia to increase the weight of vehicles permitted to operate on Interstate Highways so that West Virginia may imple-ment a pilot program to study various vehi-cle configurations and weights; and, be it further Resolved, That the Legislature urges the President of the United States to sign such legislation; and, be it further Resolved, That the Clerk of the Senate transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, to the Majority Leader of the United States Senate, and to each Senator and Representative from West Virginia in the Congress of the United States. POM–218. A resolution adopted by the Township Council of the Township of Mahwah, New Jersey, memorializing June 2, 2018, as National Gun Violence Awareness Day; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 994. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affili-ation, and for other purposes. S. 2644. A bill to ensure independent inves-tigations and judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Gregory Allyn Forest, of North Carolina, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of North Carolina for the term of four years. Bradley A. Maxwell, of Illinois, to be United States Marshal for the Southern Dis-trict of Illinois for the term of four years. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PAUL: S. 2760. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to exclude energy efficiency projects, pollu-tion control projects, and reliability projects from the definition of a modification; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. PAUL: S. 2761. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to clarify when a physical change in, or change in the method of operation of, a sta-tionary source constitutes a modification, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. J ONES , and Ms. S MITH): S. 2762. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to support opportunities for beginning farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. S
CHUMER , and Mrs. C APITO ): S. 2763. A bill to provide grants to State, local, territorial, and tribal law enforcement agencies to purchase chemical screening de-vices and train personnel to use chemical screening devices in order to enhance law en-forcement efficiency and protect law en-forcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. 2764. A bill to amend and enhance the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Pro-tection Act to improve the conservation of sharks, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. JONES ): S. 2765. A bill to amend the Investment Ad-visers Act of 1940 to exempt investment ad-visers who solely advise certain rural busi-ness investment companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. R EED): S. 2766. A bill to require congressional no-tification related to current and future plan-ning and construction of federally funded military construction projects located with-in 100-year floodplains; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. MURRAY: S. 2767. A bill to make improvements to certain wildfire and disaster recovery pro-grams of the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 2768. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish the Veterans Eco-nomic Opportunity and Transition Adminis-tration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. 2769. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for an action plan on recommendations for changes under Medicare and Medicaid to prevent opioids addictions and enhance access to medication-assisted treatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN): S. 2770. A bill to direct the Attorney Gen-eral to submit to Congress investigative ma-terials in the event of certain pardons grant-ed by the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, and Mr. J ONES ): S. 2771. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to require the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to provide grants for the construc-tion, refurbishing, and servicing of indi-vidual household decentralized wastewater systems to individuals with low or moderate income; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, and Mr. J ONES ): S. 2772. A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to modify provisions relating to the household water well system grant program; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. C
APITO , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 2773. A bill to improve the management of driftnet fishing; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. G RAHAM ): S. 2774. A bill to reauthorize the COPS ON THE BEAT grant program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. SMITH: S. 2775. A bill to award career pathways in-novation grants to local educational agen-cies and consortia of local educational agen-cies, to provide technical assistance within the Office of Career, Technical, and Adult Education to administer the grants and sup-port the local educational agencies with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.018 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2485 April 26, 2018 
preparation of grant applications and man-agement of grant funds, to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to support community college and industry partnerships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. R
ISCH): S. 2776. A bill to modernize the Public Util-ity Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): S. 2777. A bill to exempt State and county payments under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 from sequestration; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 2778. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to include a prohibition on the listing of a living nonnative species as a threatened species or an endangered spe-cies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 2779. A bill to amend the Zimbabwe De-mocracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 2780. A bill to require a determination on designation of the Russian Federation as a state sponsor of terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. T ILLIS ): S. 2781. A bill to limit the transfer of F–35 aircraft to Turkey; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 2782. A bill to prohibit covenants not to compete and require employers to notify em-ployees of such prohibition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. NELSON: S. 2783. A bill to improve the resilience of the built and natural environment to natural disasters and climate change using, among other measures, natural and nature-based features, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. C
ORNYN ): S. 2784. A bill to reauthorize the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. 2785. A bill to designate foreign persons who improperly interfere in United States elections as inadmissible aliens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. R ISCH, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 2786. A bill to expand opportunities to available employee-owned business concerns through Small Business Administration loan programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. By Mr. HATCH: S. 2787. A bill to amend the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to clarify and expand food dona-tion under the Bill Emerson Good Samaritan Food Donation Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Ms. HEITKAMP: S. 2788. A bill to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of North Dakota over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Devils Lake Indian Reservation’’; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mrs. FEINSTEIN ): S. 2789. A bill to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 2790. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to establish a community wood energy and wood innova-tion program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , Ms. W ARREN , and Ms. H AS-
SAN): S. Res. 486. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Workers’ Memorial Day, honoring workers who have been killed or in-jured in the workplace, and recognizing the importance of strengthening worker health and safety protections; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. C
OR-
TEZ MASTO , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. Res. 487. A resolution affirming a com-mitment to elevate the voices, leadership, and needs of historically and currently disenfranchised and underserved commu-nities in the effort to end sexual violence and support all survivors of sexual violence, in-cluding immigrant survivors, survivors with disabilities, survivors of color, American In-dian or Alaska Native survivors, survivors of child sexual abuse, queer and intersex sur-vivors, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender survivors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. Res. 488. A resolution honoring the 100th anniversary of Fort Benning in Columbus, Georgia; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. Res. 489. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. S
COTT, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C
ARPER , and Mr. W ICKER ): S. Res. 490. A resolution designating April 2018 as ‘‘Financial Literacy Month’’; consid-ered and agreed to. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING): S. Res. 491. A resolution recognizing the Independent Transportation Network of America on the occasion of providing 1,000,000 rides to older and visually chal-lenged people of the United States; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. P ETERS ): S. Res. 492. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Safe Digging Month; considered and agreed to. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. YOUNG ): S. Res. 493. A resolution congratulating the Fighting Irish of the University of Notre Dame women’s basketball team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation Division I women’s basketball cham-pionship; considered and agreed to. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. Res. 494. A resolution congratulating the Hoosiers of Indiana University for winning the 2018 Women’s National Invitation Tour-nament; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W ARNER , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. C OONS , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. Res. 495. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that, during Public Serv-ice Recognition Week, public servants should be commended for their dedication and con-tinued service to the United States; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. R
EED, Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. Res. 496. A resolution recognizing April 30, 2018, as ‘‘El Dia de los Ninos-Celebrating Young Americans’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. U DALL , and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. Res. 497. A resolution recognizing the cultural and historical significance of the Cinco de Mayo holiday; considered and agreed to. By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. E NZI, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. Y OUNG , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. S COTT, and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. Res. 498. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of April 29 through May 5, 2018, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ while commending the en-trepreneurial spirit of small business owners of the United States, and the impact they have on their communities; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. Res. 499. A resolution recognizing and supporting the goals and ideals of National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month; considered and agreed to. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 500. A resolution to authorize rep-resentation by the Senate Legal Counsel in the case of Peter P. Truman v. Paula Arm-strong, et al; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 177 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 177, a bill to provide for congressional review of the imposition of duties and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.022 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2486 April 26, 2018 
other trade measures by the executive branch, and for other purposes. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 397 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 397, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure fair-ness in Medicare hospital payments by establishing a floor for the area wage index applied with respect to certain hospitals. 
S. 446 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 446, a bill to allow reci-procity for the carrying of certain con-cealed firearms. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recogni-tion of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1106 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1106, a bill to designate the same individual serving as the Chief Nurse Officer of the Public Health Service as the National Nurse for Public Health. 
S. 1109 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1109, a bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse spe-cialist programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. S. 1596 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1596, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase certain funeral benefits for veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1742 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1742, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an option for any citizen or permanent resident of the United States age 55 to 64 to buy into Medi-care. 
S. 1839 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1839, a bill to amend the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 to extend and expand the market access program and the for-eign market development cooperator program. 
S. 2105 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2105, a bill to modify the presumption of service connection for veterans who were exposed to herbicide agents while serving in the Armed Forces in Thai-land during the Vietnam era, and for other purposes. 
S. 2230 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2230, a bill to require the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to improve services for survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking. 
S. 2236 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2236, a bill to require covered dis-crimination and covered harassment awareness and prevention training for Members, officers, employees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress with-in 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial cli-mate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered discrimination and covered harassment complaints, and for other purposes. 
S. 2272 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2272, a bill to amend the Re-vised Statutes to grant State attorneys general the ability to issue subpoenas to investigate suspected violations of State laws that are applicable to na-tional banks. S. 2395 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2395, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to authorize the provision of technical as-sistance under the Preserve America Program and to direct the Secretary of the Interior to enter into partnerships with communities adjacent to units of the National Park System to leverage local cultural heritage tourism assets. 
S. 2416 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2416, a bill to amend titles 5, 10, and 37, United States Code, to ensure that an order to serve on ac-tive duty under section 12304b of title 10, United States Code, is treated the same as other orders to serve on active duty for determining the eligibility of members of the uniformed services for certain benefits. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce devel-opment pilot program. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Sen-ator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZ-
MAN), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cospon-sors of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agri-cultural Marketing Act of 1946 to pro-vide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2669 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2669, a bill to provide for ac-celerated approval of pain and addic-tion therapies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.025 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2487 April 26, 2018 
S. 2723 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2723, a bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to re-quire that supplemental nutrition as-sistance program benefits for children be calculated with reference to the cost of the low-cost food plan, as deter-mined by the Secretary of Agriculture, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. C
APITO , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 2773. A bill to improve the manage-ment of driftnet fishing; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I am pleased to introduce the Driftnet Modernization and Bycatch Reduction Act. This legislation updates the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to phase out the use of harmful drift gillnets and re-place it with more sustainable fishing gear. Drift gillnets, which are approxi-mately one to one and a half miles long, are intended to catch swordfish and thresher shark. Tragically, nearly 60 other species are accidentally caught and killed in the nets, including dolphins, porpoises, whales, sea lions, and sea turtles. These are known as by-catch. While some of these species can be sold, most are wastefully thrown back in to the ocean either dead or injured, making survival unlikely. According to the National Marine Fisheries Service, gillnets account for 90% of whale and porpoise species killed in West Coast Fisheries. In the 1980s, Congress enacted legisla-tion to end the domestic use of driftnets approximately 1.5 miles long. Under President George H.W. Bush, the United States entered binding inter-national agreements banning such nets worldwide. Driftnets are prohibited or not utilized off the United States At-lantic and Gulf coasts or in Wash-ington State, Oregon, Alaska, or Ha-waii. Mexico permanently banned the use of these nets in 2017. However, neither domestic nor inter-national law, as currently written, cap-tures the drift gillnets used along the West Coast to catch swordfish and thresher shark, despite their signifi-cant impact on protected marine life. The California-based fishery is the last place in the United States where these deadly driftnets are allowed. The Driftnet Modernization and By-catch Reduction Act would completely phase out the use of drift gillnets by 2020. The bill also authorizes a pro-gram, directed by the Department of Commerce, to assist fishermen in transitioning from driftnets to more sustainable gear types which studies have shown actually increase profit-ability. Updated fishing gear that could re-place driftnets is available and has been successfully deployed in the At-lantic Ocean and in trials in the Pacific Ocean as well. Deep-set buoy gear, for example, allows fishermen to more ac-curately target swordfish and other marketable species in deep, cold water. The gear alerts fishermen immediately when they have fish on the line, so the fish can be retrieved and delivered to market quickly, fetching a higher price. In a 2016 poll, California voters over-whelmingly supported ending the use of drift gillnets to catch swordfish, with 87 percent of those surveyed in a poll commissioned by The Pew Chari-table Trusts agreeing that fishermen should use less harmful gear. The Driftnet Modernization and By-catch Reduction Act enjoys support from a wide group of stakeholders. I ask unanimous consent that a list of 40 supporting organizations and letters of support be included in the record. The groups include: The Pew Charitable Trusts, Oceana, Sea Legacy, Mission Blue, The American Sportfishing Asso-ciation, The International Game Fish Association, The California Depart-ment of Fish and Wildlife, Coastal Con-servation Association of California. 
SUPPORT : DRIFT GILLNETS LEGISLATION  International Game Fish Association California League of Conservation Voters Coastal Conservation Ass’n California American Sportfishing Ass’n The Pew Charitable Trusts The Humane Society of the U.S. Mission Blue Oceana Turtle Island Restoration Network Center for Biological Diversity Earthjustice Wild Oceans Aquarium of the Pacific Wild Aid The Otter Project The Sportfishing Conservancy California Sportfishing League Monterey Coastkeeper Shark Stewards Defenders of Wildlife California Association for Recreational Fishing WILDCOAST Friends of the Earth Save the Whales Environment California Laguna Nigel Billfish Club American Cetacean Society Pacific Environment Oceanside Senior Anglers Farallon Institute Heal the Bay Oregon Shores Conservation Coalition Ocean Conservation Society Endangered Habitats League Greenpeace SeaLegacy The Marine Mammal Center Ocean Defenders Alliance Orange County Society for Conservation Biology California Department of Fish & Wildlife 
The Driftnet Modernization and By-catch Reduction Act will protect valu-able marine life unique to the West Coast, including several endangered species. This bill will also help fisher-men to provide fresher, more profit-able, and more sustainable seafood to American consumers. I thank Senators CAPITO and H ARRIS  for joining this important legislation as original cosponsors and I look for-ward to working with my colleagues to pass the Driftnet Modernization and Bycatch Reduction Act. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. 2785. A bill to designate foreign persons who improperly interfere in United States elections as inadmissible aliens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2785 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Defending Elections against Trolls from Enemy Re-gimes Act’’ or ‘‘DETER Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINED TERM. 
Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(53) The term ‘improper interference in a United States election’ means conduct by an alien that— ‘‘(A)(i) violates Federal criminal, voting rights, or campaign finance law; or ‘‘(ii) is under the direction of a foreign gov-ernment; and ‘‘(B) interferes with a general or primary Federal, State, or local election or caucus, including— ‘‘(i) the campaign of a candidate; and ‘‘(ii) a ballot measure, including— ‘‘(I) an amendment; ‘‘(II) a bond issue; ‘‘(III) an initiative; ‘‘(IV) a recall; ‘‘(V) a referral; and ‘‘(VI) a referendum.’’. 
SEC. 3. IMPROPER INTERFERENCE IN UNITED STATES ELECTIONS. 
Section 212(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) I
MPROPER INTERFERENCE IN A UNITED  
STATES ELECTION .—Any alien who is seeking admission to the United States to engage in improper interference in a United States election, or who has engaged in improper in-terference in a United States election, is in-admissible.’’. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 2789. A bill to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2789 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention Act of 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.026 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2488 April 26, 2018 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY. 
(a) O FFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL  P
OLICY REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 1998.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 (21 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), as in effect on September 29, 2003, and as amended by the laws described in paragraph (2), is revived and restored. (2) L
AWS DESCRIBED .—The laws described in this paragraph are: (A) The Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469; 125 Stat. 3502). (B) The Presidential Appointment Effi-ciency and Streamlining Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–166; 126 Stat. 1283). (b) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 715(a) of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reau-thorization Act of 1998 (21 U.S.C. 1712(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2010’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE DRUG-FREE COMMUNITIES PROGRAM. 
Section 1024 of the National Narcotics Leadership Act of 1988 (21 U.S.C. 1524(a)) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Office of National Drug Control Policy to carry out this chap-ter $99,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Not more than 8 percent of the funds appropriated to carry out this chapter may be used by the Office of National Drug Control Policy to pay administrative costs associated with the responsibilities of the Office under this chap-ter.’’. 
SEC. 4. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE NATIONAL COMMUNITY ANTI-DRUG COALITION INSTITUTE. 
Section 4(c)(4) of Public Law 107–82 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2008 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. 
SEC. 5. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE HIGH-INTEN-SITY DRUG TRAFFICKING AREA PRO-GRAM. 
Section 707(p) of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 (21 U.S.C. 1706(p)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) $280,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022.’’. 
SEC. 6. REAUTHORIZATION OF DRUG COURT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1001(a)(25)(A) of title I of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10261(a)(25)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Except as provided’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraph (C), there are authorized to be appropriated to carry out part EE $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022.’’. 
SEC. 7. DRUG COURT TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
Section 1034 of the National Narcotics Leadership Act of 1988 (21 U.S.C. 1534) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing— ‘‘(c) D
RUGCOURT TRAINING AND TECHNICAL  A
SSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Using funds appro-priated to carry out this chapter, the Direc-tor may make grants to non-profit organiza-tions for the purpose of providing training and technical assistance to drug courts.’’. 
SEC. 8. DRUG OVERDOSE RESPONSE STRATEGY. 
Section 707 of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 (21 U.S.C. 1706) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(r) DRUG OVERDOSE RESPONSE STRATEGY  I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Director may use funds appropriated to carry out this section to implement a drug overdose response strat-egy in high intensity drug trafficking areas on a nationwide basis by— ‘‘(1) coordinating multi-disciplinary efforts to prevent, reduce, and respond to drug overdoses, including the uniform reporting of fatal and non-fatal overdoses to public health and safety officials; ‘‘(2) increasing data sharing among public safety and public health officials concerning drug-related abuse trends, including new psychoactive substances, and related crime; and ‘‘(3) enabling collaborative deployment of prevention, intervention, and enforcement resources to address substance use addiction and narcotics trafficking.’’. 
SEC. 9. PROTECTING LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFI-CERS FROM ACCIDENTAL EXPO-SURE. 
Section 707 of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 (21 U.S.C. 1706) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) S
UPPLEMENTAL GRANTS .—The Director is authorized to use not more than $10,000,000 of the amounts otherwise appropriated to carry out this section to provide supple-mental competitive grants to high intensity drug trafficking areas that have experienced high seizures of fentanyl and new psychoactive substances for the purposes of— ‘‘(1) purchasing portable equipment to test for fentanyl and other substances; ‘‘(2) training law enforcement officers and other first responders on best practices for handling fentanyl and other substances; and ‘‘(3) purchasing protective equipment, in-cluding overdose reversal drugs.’’. 
SEC. 10. DEA 360 STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney General, act-ing through the Director of the Drug En-forcement Administration, and in coordina-tion with the Director of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy and the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, may implement a DEA 360 Strategy in pilot cities across the United States as a response to growing demand for heroin and opioids in the United States. (b) P
ROGRAM GOALS .—The goals of the DEA 360 Strategy authorized under subsection (a) shall be— (1) preventing the deadly cycle of drug abuse, including heroin and opioid abuse, by targeting drug trafficking organizations and street gangs responsible for increasing the supply of narcotics in communities; (2) partnering with the healthcare commu-nity to raise awareness of the dangers of her-oin abuse and prescription opioid abuse; and (3) strengthening community organizations that provide long-term assistance and sup-port for the reduction of drug abuse in the community. (c) P
ROGRAM SPECIFICATIONS .—In carrying out the DEA 360 strategy authorized under subsection (a), the Attorney General shall— (1) issue an implementation strategy for each pilot city that is tailored to the unique drug abuse problems of the particular city, details specific measures that will be taken to address the problems, identifies key com-munity partners, and sets specific objectives for success; (2) provide dedicated funding for coordi-nated law enforcement actions against drug trafficking organizations, involving Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials, including the United States Attorney’s office for the relevant district; (3) conduct diversion control enforcement actions against registrants with the Drug Enforcement Administration who are unlaw-fully distributing controlled substances; (4) create partnerships with pharma-ceutical drug manufacturers, wholesalers, pharmacies, and medical practitioners to de-velop strategies that reduce heroin and opioid abuse, including specific efforts to re-duce demand for these substances; (5) increase resources for community part-nerships with non-governmental organiza-tions that specialize in drug abuse preven-tion, awareness, or treatment; and (6) conduct training and educational cam-paigns on best practices for reducing heroin and opioid abuse for governmental agencies and non-governmental organizations in pilot cities. (d) REPORTS .—For each fiscal year in which the Attorney General carries out the DEA 360 Strategy authorized under subsection (a) in a pilot city, the Attorney General shall issue a public report that details the results of the program in that particular city, in-cluding quantitative measures to show whether or not the program succeeded in achieving the objectives for success required under subsection (c)(1). (e) A
DDITIONAL RESOURCES .—The Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy and the Secretary of Health and Human Services may use funds otherwise appro-priated for purposes consistent with this sec-tion to assist in the implementation of the DEA 360 Strategy authorized under sub-section (a) in pilot cities. 
SEC. 11. COPS ANTI-METH PROGRAM. 
Section 1701 of the title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10381) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (k) as sub-section (l); and (2) by inserting after subsection (j) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(k) COPS A
NTI-METHPROGRAM .—The At- torney General shall use amounts otherwise appropriated to carry out this section to make competitive grants, in amounts of not less than $1,000,000 for a fiscal year, to State law enforcement agencies with high seizures of precursor chemicals, finished meth-amphetamine, laboratories, and laboratory dump seizures for the purpose of locating or investigating illicit activities, such as pre-cursor diversion, laboratories, or meth-amphetamine traffickers.’’. 
SEC. 12. COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RE-COVERY ACT EDUCATION AND AWARENESS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO CARA.—Section 102(a) of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198; 130 Stat. 698) is amended by inserting ‘‘including the Office of National Drug Control Policy,’’ after ‘‘agencies,’’. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Subchapter I of chapter 2 of the National Narcotics Leadership Act of 1988 (21 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1036. COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT EDUCATION AND AWARENESS. 
‘‘The Director may use funds made avail-able to carry out this chapter for the purpose of administering, participating in, or ex-panding awareness campaigns and preven-tion efforts authorized under section 102 of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198; 130 Stat. 698).’’. 
SEC. 13. PROTECTING CHILDREN WITH AD-DICTED PARENTS. 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.031 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2489 April 26, 2018 
‘‘SEC. 550. PROTECTING CHILDREN WITH AD-DICTED PARENTS. 
‘‘(a) B ESTPRACTICES .—The Secretary, act-ing through the Assistant Secretary for Men-tal Health and Substance Use and in co-operation with the Commissioner of the Ad-ministration on Children, Youth and Fami-lies, shall collect and disseminate best prac-tices for States regarding interventions and strategies to keep families affected by sub-stance use disorder together, when it can be done safely. Such best practices shall— ‘‘(1) utilize comprehensive family-centered approaches; ‘‘(2) ensure that families have access to drug screening, substance use treatment, medication-assisted treatment approved by the Food and Drug Administration, and pa-rental support; and ‘‘(3) build upon lessons learned from pro-grams such as the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting programs under section 511 of the Social Security Act. ‘‘(b) G
RANT PROGRAM .—The Secretary, act-ing through the Assistant Secretary for Men-tal Health and Substance Use, shall award grants for the development of programs and models designed to keep pregnant and post- partum women who have a substance use dis-order together with their newborns, includ-ing programs and models that provide for screenings of pregnant and post-partum women for substance use disorders, treat-ment interventions, supportive housing, non-pharmacological interventions for children born with neonatal abstinence syndrome, medication assisted treatment, and other re-covery supports.’’. 
SEC. 14. REIMBURSEMENT OF SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT PROFES-SIONALS. 
(a) GAO R EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port examining how substance use disorder services are reimbursed. (b) CMS R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices shall examine how substance use dis-order services are reimbursed and shall make recommendations to Congress (taking into consideration the findings made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the report required under subsection (a)) as to how to reimburse the treatment of sub-stance use disorders at a higher rate in order to attract a more talented work force. (c) G
RANTS TO STATES TO EXPLORE WAYS TO  I
NCREASE MEDICAID REIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to make grants to States for the purpose of exploring ways to increase reim-bursement of substance use disorder services under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). (d) G
RANTS TO STATES TO SUPPLEMENT  M
EDICAID REIMBURSEMENT TO CREDENTIALED  S
UBSTANCE USEDISORDER PROFESSIONALS .— The Secretary of Health and Human Services is authorized to make grants to States for the purpose of supplementing the reimburse-ment paid to credentialed substance use dis-order professionals (as defined by the Sec-retary) under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
SEC. 15. TESTING EVIDENCE-BASED MOBILE AP-PLICATIONS FOR THE TREATMENT OF SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS. 
Section 1115A(b)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The models selected under this subparagraph shall in-clude the model described in subparagraph (D), which shall be implemented by not later than January 1, 2020.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) EVIDENCE -BASED MOBILE APPLICATIONS  
FOR TREATMENT OF SUBSTANCE USE DIS -
ORDERS .—The model described in this sub-paragraph is a model to test the use of evi-dence-based mobile applications for the treatment of substance use disorders.’’. 
SEC. 16. MEDICARE HOSPITAL REQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE NALOXONE AS PART OF THE DISCHARGE PROTOCOL TO IN-DIVIDUALS BEING DISCHARGED AFTER SUFFERING AN OPIOID OVER-DOSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1866(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (X), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (Y), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (Y), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(Z) in the case of a hospital or critical ac-cess hospital, to provide naloxone and treat-ment referral options as part of the dis-charge protocol to individuals being dis-charged after suffering an opioid overdose.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to con-tracts entered into or renewed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 17. EDUCATIONAL OUTREACH AND ACCESS TO ABUSE-DETERRENT OPIOIDS. 
(a) A CCESS TO ABUSE -DETERRENT OPIOIDS .— (1) A
CCESS UNDER MEDICARE PART D .—Sec- tion 1860D–4(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) A
CCESS TO ABUSE -DETERRENT OPIOIDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall work with PDP sponsors of prescription drug plans to— ‘‘(i) ensure appropriate access to abuse-de-terrent opioids on plan formularies; ‘‘(ii) provide advanced abuse-deterrent opioid targeting (as determined by the Sec-retary) for beneficiaries identified as at-risk for opioid abuse under the drug management program under paragraph (5) or any other opioid risk management program established by the sponsor; and ‘‘(iii) encourage access to non-opioid alter-natives when medically appropriate. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON REQUIRING FAIL FIRST  
SCHEMES .—The Secretary shall prohibit PDP sponsors from requiring fail first schemes, also known as step therapy, with respect to abuse-deterrent opioids. ‘‘(C) E
NCOURAGING EQUAL ACCESS .—The Sec- retary shall encourage plans to provide equal access to abuse-deterrent opioids on for-mulary tiers and patient cost-sharing. ‘‘(D) A
BUSE -DETERRENT OPIOID DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘abuse-deterrent opioid’ means an abuse-deterrent formula-tion of an opioid, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. (2) A
CCESS UNDER PRIVATE HEALTH PLANS .— Subpart II of title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–11 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 2729. ACCESS TO ABUSE-DETERRENT OPIOIDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A group health plan and a health insurance issuer offering group or individual health insurance coverage shall— ‘‘(1) ensure appropriate access to abuse-de-terrent opioids as a prescription drug health benefit under such plan or coverage; ‘‘(2) provide advanced abuse-deterrent opioid targeting (as determined by the Sec-retary) for enrollees in the plan or coverage who are identified as at-risk for opioid abuse; and ‘‘(3) encourage access to non-opioid alter-natives when medically appropriate. ‘‘(b) PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING FAILFIRST S
CHEMES .—The Secretary shall prohibit a group health plan and a health insurance issuer offering group or individual health in-surance coverage from requiring fail first schemes, also known as step therapy, with respect to abuse-deterrent opioids. ‘‘(c) A
BUSE -DETERRENT OPIOID DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘abuse-deterrent opioid’ means an abuse-deterrent formula-tion of an opioid, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply with re-spect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2019. (b) E
DUCATIONAL OUTREACH .—The Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall educate health insurance issuers, Medicare Advantage plans under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 21 et seq.), and prescription drug plans under part D of such title (42 U.S.C. 1395w–101 et seq.) on opioid abuse prevention, including the use of abuse-deterrent opioids (as such term is defined in section 2729 of the Public Health Service Act, as added by subsection (a)(2)). 
SEC. 18. GRANT PROGRAM TO PROVIDE SUPPORT FOR MEDICATION ASSISTED TREAT-MENT. 
(a) T RAINING GRANTS .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall award grants to States for the purpose of training non-physician health care professionals in the use of medication-assisted treatment ap-proved by the Food and Drug Administration and related best practices. (b) R
EFERRAL SYSTEM GRANTS .—The Sec- retary of Health and Human Services shall award grants to States for the purpose of im-proving referral systems and ensuring that such systems are current and accurate, in order to better enable practitioners to refer patients who are prescribed medication as-sisted treatment to cognitive therapy. 
SEC. 19. SOBRIETY TREATMENT AND RECOVERY TEAMS (START). 
Title III of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198; 130 Stat. 717) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 304. SOBRIETY TREATMENT AND RECOV-ERY TEAMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Of-fice of National Drug Control Policy, in co-ordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, may make grants to States, units of local government, or tribal govern-ments to establish or expand Sobriety Treat-ment And Recovery Team (referred to in this section as ‘START’) programs to determine the effectiveness of pairing social workers and mentors with families that are strug-gling with substance abuse and child abuse or neglect in order to help provide peer sup-port, intensive treatment, and child welfare services. ‘‘(b) A
LLOWABLE USES.—A grant awarded under this section may be used for 1 or more of the following activities: ‘‘(1) Training eligible staff, including social workers, social services coordinators, child welfare specialists, substance use disorder treatment professionals, and mentors. ‘‘(2) Expanding access to substance use dis-order treatment services and drug testing. ‘‘(3) Enhancing data sharing with law en-forcement agencies and child welfare agen-cies. ‘‘(4) Program evaluation. ‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—A family may be eligible to participate in a START program that receives funding under this section only if— ‘‘(1) there is a substantiated record or find-ing of child abuse or neglect within the fam-ily; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.031 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2490 April 26, 2018 
‘‘(2) substance abuse was the primary rea-son for the record or finding described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Director of the Office of National Drug Con-trol Policy, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, is au-thorized to award not more than $10,000,000 of amounts otherwise appropriated for com-prehensive opioid abuse reduction activities for purposes of carrying out this section.’’. 
SEC. 20. PROVIDER EDUCATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall complete the plan related to medical registration coordination required by Senate Report 114–239, which ac-companied the Veterans Care Financial Pro-tection Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–131; 132 Stat. 334), including through the issuance of necessary rules or regulations. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 486—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF WORKERS’ MEMO-RIAL DAY, HONORING WORKERS WHO HAVE BEEN KILLED OR IN-JURED IN THE WORKPLACE, AND RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF STRENGTHENING WORKER HEALTH AND SAFETY PROTEC-TIONS Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Ms. W ARREN , and Ms. H ASSAN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions: 
S. R ES. 486 Whereas 5,190 workers were killed due to workplace-related injuries in the United States in 2016, and more than 2,700,000 work-ers across the world die of workplace-related accidents and diseases each year; Whereas, each day, an average of 14 work-ers are killed due to workplace-related inju-ries in the United States; Whereas, annually, there are more than 3,500,000 occupational injuries and illnesses in the United States; Whereas, in the industries of health care and social assistance in the United States in 2016— (1) 585,000 incidents of nonfatal workplace- related injuries occurred; and (2) 70 percent of all nonfatal workplace-re-lated assaults occurred; Whereas tens of thousands of individuals in the United States with workplace-related in-juries or illnesses have become permanently disabled; Whereas the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘OSHA’’), the primary Federal agency that establishes and enforces work-place health and safety standards— (1) only has sufficient resources to inspect each establishment within the jurisdiction of OSHA once every 159 years; and (2) must receive the resources necessary to adequately protect the health and safety of workers in the United States; Whereas the current Administration has— (1) blocked efforts by OSHA to adopt many protections for workers, including workers exposed to toxic chemicals, infectious dis-eases, violence in health care and social service settings, and the risk of industrial catastrophes caused by chemicals, explosive gases, or combustible dusts; (2) limited press releases from OSHA on en-forcement actions that can act as a deter-rent against safety violations by employers; and (3) removed the names of workers killed on the job from fatality reports issued by OSHA, despite the requests of family mem-bers of those workers to include the names of those workers to call attention to prevent-able workplace-related deaths; and Whereas observing Workers’ Memorial Day— (1) allows the people of the United States to honor and remember victims of work-place-related injuries and disease; and (2) reminds the people of the United States to strive for better safety and health protec-tions for workers: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Work-ers’ Memorial Day to honor and remember workers who have been killed or injured in the workplace; (2) recognizes the importance of strength-ening worker health and safety standards to secure the safe workplaces workers deserve, including enforceable standards to prevent violence in health care and social service settings; (3) encourages the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, employers, commu-nity and worker organizations, professional associations, and academic institutions to support activities increasing awareness of the importance of preventing illness, injury, and death in the workplace; and (4) calls upon the people of the United States to observe Workers’ Memorial Day with appropriate ceremonies and respect. f SENATE RESOLUTION 487—AFFIRM-ING A COMMITMENT TO ELE-VATE THE VOICES, LEADERSHIP, AND NEEDS OF HISTORICALLY AND CURRENTLY DISENFRANCHISED AND UNDER-SERVED COMMUNITIES IN THE EFFORT TO END SEXUAL VIO-LENCE AND SUPPORT ALL SUR-VIVORS OF SEXUAL VIOLENCE, INCLUDING IMMIGRANT SUR-VIVORS, SURVIVORS WITH DIS-ABILITIES, SURVIVORS OF COLOR, AMERICAN INDIAN OR ALASKA NATIVE SURVIVORS, SURVIVORS OF CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE, QUEER AND INTERSEX SURVIVORS, AND LESBIAN, GAY, BISEXUAL, AND TRANSGENDER SURVIVORS Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. C
OR-
TEZMASTO , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Ms. H AR-
RIS) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 487 Whereas sexual violence is a tool of oppres-sion and a form of discrimination that can deprive individuals of equal access to edu-cational opportunities; Whereas discrimination on the basis of sex includes discrimination on the basis of sex-ual orientation, gender identity, sex stereo-types, pregnancy, termination of pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions; Whereas the 2015 United States Transgender Survey found that— (1) 47 percent of transgender people are sex-ually assaulted; and (2) among transgender people of color, 65 percent of Native Americans, 59 percent of multiracial people, 58 percent of Middle Eastern people, and 53 percent of African Americans are likely to have been sexually assaulted; Whereas the 2010 Centers for Disease Con-trol National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey found that— (1) 44 percent of lesbians and 61 percent of bisexual women experience rape, physical vi-olence, or stalking by an intimate partner, compared to 35 percent of heterosexual women; and (2) 40 percent of gay men and 47 percent of bisexual men have experienced sexual vio-lence other than rape, compared to 21 per-cent of heterosexual men; Whereas the National Women’s Law Center 2017 Let Her Learn Survey found that 38 per-cent of lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender teen girls reported experiencing sexual vio-lence compared to 21 percent of all girls; Whereas data reveals that people with dis-abilities are at an increased risk of being sexually assaulted; Whereas according to End Rape on Cam-pus, children with disabilities are 2.9 times more likely than children without disabil-ities to be sexually abused; Whereas according to the Vera Institute of Justice, 83 percent of women and 32 percent of men with cognitive disabilities reported being victims of sexual assault; Whereas women of all races and ethnicities face some risk of sexual assault, and accord-ing to the 2010 Centers for Disease Control National Intimate Partner and Sexual Vio-lence Survey, 33 percent of multiracial non- Hispanic women, nearly 27 percent of indige-nous women, 22 percent of Black women, nearly 19 percent of white non-Hispanic women, more than 14 percent of Hispanic women, and 7 percent of Asian American and Pacific Islander women in the United States have experienced rape; Whereas according to a research report by the National Institute of Justice, 56.1 per-cent of American Indian and Alaska Native women have experienced sexual violence; Whereas sexual violence also affects ado-lescent girls, and according to the National Women’s Law Center 2017 Let Her Learn Sur-vey, 1 in 5 girls aged 14 to 18 has been kissed or touched without consent, including 24 per-cent of Latina girls, 23 percent of Native American girls, and 22 percent of Black girls; Whereas studies show that sexual violence is an underreported crime, indicating that the rates of sexual violence may be even higher than these estimates; Whereas too many survivors from histori-cally and currently disenfranchised and un-derserved communities are ignored, blamed, and cast aside when seeking support after ex-periencing a form of sexual violence; Whereas, according to the Department of Justice, 31 percent of young women in the ju-venile justice system have been sexually abused; Whereas youth of color, youth with disabil-ities, and youth who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, or gender non-con-forming are overrepresented in the child wel-fare system; Whereas, according to the GLSEN 2016 re-port entitled ‘‘From Teasing to Torment: School Climate Revisited’’— (1) 59.6 percent of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘LGBTQ’’) secondary students have been sexually harassed at school and are more likely to experience sexual harass-ment than non-LGBTQ students; and (2) students with nontraditional gender ex-pression are more likely to experience sexual harassment than students with traditional gender expression; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.031 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2491 April 26, 2018 
Whereas high-quality, medically accurate, and LGBTQ-affirming sex education is crit-ical in the effort to eliminate sexual violence by teaching young people about sexual as-sault, harassment, and affirmative consent; Whereas less than 40 percent of all high schools and only 14 percent of middle schools in the United States teach all of the topics identified by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention as important sexual health education topics; Whereas, according to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, there is an in-creased likelihood that an individual will suffer from suicidal or depressive thoughts after experiencing sexual violence; Whereas, at a time of prioritized mass de-tention and deportation and the rescinding of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, it is less safe for immigrants to re-port sexual violence; Whereas a history of systemic inequality and discrimination as well as incomplete so-lutions has resulted in a lack of resources to meet the needs of diverse survivor popu-lations; Whereas according to the National Alli-ance to End Sexual Violence— (1) there is a lack of resources for sexual violence prevention for youth; (2) many rape crisis centers have waiting lists for prevention programs; and (3) more investment is needed in the Rape Prevention and Education Program; Whereas April is National Sexual Assault Awareness Month; Whereas sexual violence will only end if survivors of color, lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender survivors, survivors with dis-abilities, and immigrant survivors are re-spected and supported; Whereas current support systems man-dated by Federal law for survivors of sexual violence are neither comprehensive nor fully representative of the vast and pervasive ele-ments within rape culture; and Whereas Congress is working to confront pervasive sexual violence in the workplace, in schools, and in every area of life: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) affirms a commitment to elevate the voices, leadership, and needs of historically and currently disenfranchised and under-served communities in the effort to end sex-ual violence and support all survivors of sex-ual violence, including immigrant survivors, survivors with disabilities, survivors of color, American Indian or Alaska Native sur-vivors, survivors of child sexual abuse, queer and intersex survivors, and lesbian, gay, bi-sexual, and transgender survivors; (2) supports efforts to raise awareness of the history of sexual violence prevention programs; (3) calls upon this Chamber to— (A) give priority to the needs of survivors of sexual violence and demonstrate proactive leadership in the effort to end sexual vio-lence; and (B) reject rollbacks of protections against harassment under— (i) title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.), which prohibits dis-crimination in education programs based on race, color, or national origin; (ii) title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.), which prohibits dis-crimination in employment based on race, color, national origin, sex (including sexual orientation and gender identity), or religion; (iii) title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), which pro-hibits discrimination in education programs based on sex, including sexual orientation and gender identity; (iv) titles I and II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12111 et seq.), which prohibit discrimination based on disability in employment and public schools, respectively; and (v) section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), which prohibits discrimi-nation based on disability in education pro-grams; (4) affirms that— (A) title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12131 et seq.), section 504 of the Reha-bilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), and title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.) intersect; and (B) to address sexual violence in an edu-cational setting, these comprehensive civil rights laws must be viewed as intersecting and pertaining to both sexual violence and educational access; (5) affirms the pursuit of legislative solu-tions that— (A) address the unique needs and experi-ences of survivors of sexual violence from historically and currently disenfranchised and underserved communities; (B) allocate resources based on the needs and vulnerability of diverse survivor popu-lations; and (C) allocate resources for disaggregated re-search initiatives that shed light on the dis-proportionate levels of sexual violence and the impact of sexual violence on diverse sur-vivor populations; and (6) calls upon the executive branch to faithfully and robustly enforce laws that protect survivors of sexual violence and com-munities at higher risk of sexual violence from harassment, discrimination, and mis-treatment. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 488—HON-ORING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF FORT BENNING IN COLUM-BUS, GEORGIA Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 488 Whereas 2018 is the 100th anniversary of a military installation operating in Columbus, Georgia; Whereas Fort Benning is named after Con-federate Brigadier General Henry Lewis Benning, a resident of Columbus, Georgia, and a prominent Civil War infantry com-mander; Whereas Fort Benning resides on land originally belonging to the Creek Tribe of the Muskogee Nation; Whereas, on April 4, 1917, the day after President Woodrow Wilson asked Congress for a declaration of war against Germany, the citizens of Columbus began advocating for an Army camp to be constructed near Co-lumbus, Georgia; Whereas the War Department decided to move the Infantry School of Arms at Fort Still, Oklahoma, to a more spacious site to train soldiers on infantry skills and tactics; Whereas, on August 27, 1918, with the help of the Columbus Chamber of Commerce, an 84-acre farm on Macon Road in Columbus, Georgia, was selected as the site for the in-fantry camp; Whereas, on September 18, 1918, the Adju-tant General ordered troops from Fort Still to report to the newly selected site by Octo-ber 1, 1918; Whereas, on October 19, 1918, Columbus na-tive Anna Caroline Benning, daughter of the brigadier general, raised the United States flag over the United States Infantry School of Arms, and it was formally christened Camp Benning; Whereas, after the end of World War I, the Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate ordered construction on Camp Benning to be halted on January 9, 1919; Whereas Senator Hoke Smith of Georgia strongly advocated for congressional hear-ings to receive testimony over resuming con-struction of the post, allowing for Columbus- area supporters, as well as infantry com-manders who fought in World War I, to tes-tify about the need for the post; Whereas, on March 8, 1919, the Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate voted to re-sume building Camp Benning; Whereas the post quickly outgrew the Macon Road location, and on June 17, 1919, Camp Benning was moved to its present site, which included the 1,800 acre plantation of local businessman Arthur Bussey; Whereas, on January 9, 1922, the War De-partment issued General Order No. 1 making Camp Benning a permanent military instal-lation and appropriating more than $1,000,000 of additional building funds for the Infantry School of Arms, which later became the In-fantry School; Whereas, on May 12, 1920, 10 Army aircraft were assigned to Camp Benning as the air de-tachment of the post, marking the first use of aviation at Camp Benning; Whereas, on February 8, 1922, Camp Benning was redesignated Fort Benning; Whereas, on June 17, 1932, the tank school of the United States Army officially moved from Fort Meade, Maryland, to Fort Benning; Whereas Fort Benning played a critical role in World War II, training thousands of soldiers for the European, African, and Pa-cific theatres of war; Whereas, on June 25, 1940, the commandant of the Infantry School was directed by the Adjutant General to provide a platoon of vol-unteers for parachute test duty, leading to the formation of the Parachute Test Pla-toon; Whereas, on September 16, 1940, the War Department approved the formation of the first Parachute Battalion at Fort Benning; Whereas, on October 1, 1940, the 501st Para-chute Battalion was activated; Whereas, in July 1941, the modern Officer Candidate School for Infantry was estab-lished at Fort Benning to provide a rigorous training venue for new officers; Whereas, in December 1943, the 555th Para-chute Infantry Company, later redesignated as Company A, 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion, the first African-American para-chute unit, which was known as ‘‘Triple Nickles’’, was activated at Fort Benning; Whereas, after World War II, Fort Benning continued to play a vital role in training sol-diers for every conflict involving the United States; Whereas the Ranger Training Center was established October 12, 1950, which trained personnel for the Korean War; Whereas, during the second longest con-flict involving the United States, the Viet-nam War, Fort Benning reopened the Officer Training School for Infantry and trained thousands of officers who participated in the war; Whereas the 11th Air Assault Division was activated at Fort Benning on February 7, 1963, to test and develop the air mobile con-cept; Whereas the 11th Air Assault Division was inactivated on July 1, 1965, and replaced by the 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile) and de-ployed to Vietnam on September 11, 1965, specializing in flying troops in and out of combat zones via helicopter; Whereas Fort Benning served as a major staging ground for troops sent to the Middle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.033 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2492 April 26, 2018 
East during Operation Desert Shield and Op-eration Desert Storm, and later during Oper-ation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom; Whereas, in 2009, tanks from the Armor School at Fort Knox arrived at Fort Benning, combining infantry and armor at 1 post and forming the Maneuver Center of Ex-cellence; Whereas the Maneuver Center of Excel-lence consists of— (1) the Capabilities Development and Inte-gration Directorate; (2) the United States Army Infantry School; (3) the 199th Infantry Brigade; (4) the United States Army Armor School; (5) the Directorate of Training and Doc-trine; and (6) additional tenant units; Whereas some of the most respected United States military leaders in the 20th century were stationed at Fort Benning, including— (1) General Omar Bradley; (2) General Dwight Eisenhower; (3) General George Marshall; (4) General George Patton; (5) General William Livsey; and (6) General Colin Powell; Whereas Fort Benning has helped foster changes in the role of women in the military; Whereas, on December, 14, 1973, Privates Joyce Kutsch and Rita Johnson became the first women to graduate the Basic Airborne Course, and later, United States Army Quar-termaster School Parachute Rigger Course; Whereas, on August 21, 2015, Captain Kristen Griest and 1st Lieutenant Shaye Haver became the first 2 women to graduate from the Army Ranger school at Fort Benning; Whereas, on December 1, 2016, 13 women be-came the first ever to graduate from the Army Armor Basic Officer Leader Course at Fort Benning; Whereas, on May 19, 2017, Company A, 1st Battalion, 19th Infantry Regiment, 198th In-fantry Brigade, graduated 137 new Infantry soldiers, including 18 women who completed the first inter-gender Infantry One Station Unit Training at Fort Benning; Whereas, on June 22, 2017, 4 women became the first ever to graduate from the Cavalry School of the Army at Fort Benning; Whereas Fort Benning is the sixth largest military installation in the United States covering approximately 182,000 acres, with a $5,500,000,000 economic impact to the ‘‘Tri- Community’’ and approximately 120,000 mili-tary and civilian personnel; Whereas the Columbus Chamber of Com-merce, the Rotary Club of Columbus, Colum-bus 2025, and other partnering groups fought to establish and have continued to support Fort Benning from its inception; Whereas the people of the Tri-Community fought to establish and have continued to support Fort Benning from its inception; and Whereas the following visionary citizens displayed the foresight, vision, and leader-ship to fight to establish Camp Benning near Columbus, Georgia: (1) Mr. John Betjeman. (2) Mr. Rhodes Browne. (3) Mr. John Ralston Cargill. (4) Mr. Lucius H. Chappell. (5) Mr. Henry B. Crawford. (6) Mr. J. Homer Dimon. (7) Mr. Robert Ernest Dismukes. (8) Mr. W.J. Fielder. (9) Mr. Reynolds Flournoy. (10) Mr. Frank U. Garrard. (11) Mr. Ralph Curtis Jordan. (12) Mr. Albert Kirven. (13) Mr. A.F. Kunze. (14) Mr. Frank G. Lumpkin. (15) Mr. Leighton W. MacPherson. (16) Mr. H.R. Mcclatchey. (17) Mr. T.T. Miller. (18) Mr. Marshall Morton. (19) Mr. Roger M. Page. (20) Mr. T.G. Reeves. (21) Mr. Walter A. Richards. (22) Mr. H.C. Smith: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) honors Fort Benning in Columbus, Georgia, on its 100th anniversary; (2) commends the thousands of men and women who have worked and trained at Fort Benning; (3) honors the people of the ‘‘Tri-Commu-nity’’ including those in Columbus, Georgia, and Phenix City, Alabama, for their contin-ued support of Fort Benning; and (4) encourages Fort Benning to continue its instrumental role in preparing the brave men and women of the United States for the battlefield. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 489—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF WORLD MALARIA DAY Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 489 Whereas April 25 of each year is recognized internationally as World Malaria Day; Whereas malaria is a leading cause of death and disease in many developing coun-tries, despite being preventable and treat-able; Whereas fighting malaria is in the national interest of the United States because reduc-ing the risk of malaria protects members of the Armed Forces and other people of the United States serving overseas in malaria- endemic regions, and reducing malaria deaths helps to lower risks of instability in less developed countries; Whereas United States support for efforts to fight malaria— (1) is in the diplomatic and moral interests of the United States; (2) generates goodwill toward the United States; and (3) highlights the values of the people of the United States through the work of gov-ernmental, nongovernmental, and faith- based organizations of the United States; Whereas, in 2016, 91 countries and areas had ongoing malaria transmissions; Whereas nearly 
1⁄2of the population of the world is at risk for malaria, with sub-Saha-ran Africa carrying a disproportionately high burden, with 80 percent of malaria cases and 91 percent of malaria deaths in the world; Whereas young children and pregnant women are particularly vulnerable to, and disproportionately affected by, malaria; Whereas malaria greatly affects the health of children, since children under the age of 5 account for an estimated 70 percent of ma-laria deaths each year; Whereas the World Malaria Report 2017 by the World Health Organization states that, in 2016, approximately 445,000 people died of malaria, which is a 50-percent decrease since 2000; Whereas the United States Government has played a leading role in the recent progress made toward reducing the global burden of malaria, particularly through the President’s Malaria Initiative and the con-tribution of the United States to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Ma-laria; and Whereas the United States Government is pursuing a comprehensive approach to end-ing malaria deaths through the President’s Malaria Initiative, which is led by the United States Agency for International De-velopment and implemented with assistance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Department of State, the Department of Health and Human Services, the National Institutes of Health, the De-partment of Defense, and private sector enti-ties: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day; (2) recognizes the importance of reducing malaria prevalence and deaths to improve overall child and maternal health, especially in sub-Saharan Africa; (3) commends the recent progress made to-ward reducing global malaria morbidity, mortality, and prevalence, particularly through the efforts of the President’s Ma-laria Initiative and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria; (4) welcomes ongoing public-private part-nerships to research and develop more effec-tive and affordable tools for malaria diag-nosis, treatment, and vaccination; (5) recognizes the goals, priorities, and au-thorities to combat malaria set forth in the Tom Lantos and Henry J. Hyde United States Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–293; 122 Stat. 2918); (6) supports continued leadership by the United States in bilateral, multilateral, and private sector efforts to combat malaria and to work with developing countries to create long-term strategies to increase ownership over malaria programs; and (7) encourages other members of the inter-national community to sustain and increase their support for, and financial contributions to, efforts to combat malaria worldwide. f SENATE RESOLUTION 490—DESIG-NATING APRIL 2018 AS ‘‘FINAN-CIAL LITERACY MONTH’’ Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. S
COTT, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C
ARPER , and Mr. W ICKER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 490 Whereas, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘FDIC’’), at least 26.9 per-cent of households in the United States, or nearly 33,500,000 households with approxi-mately 66,700,000 adults, are unbanked or underbanked and therefore have not had an opportunity to access savings, lending, and other basic financial services; Whereas, according to the FDIC, approxi-mately 30 percent of banks reported in 2011 that consumers lacked an understanding of the financial products and services banks of-fered; Whereas, according to the 2017 Consumer Financial Literacy Survey final report of the National Foundation for Credit Counseling— (1) 80 percent of adults in the United States acknowledged that they could benefit from additional advice and answers to everyday fi-nancial questions from a professional; (2) 39 percent of households in the United States reported carrying credit card debt from month to month; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.034 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2493 April 26, 2018 
(3) only 40 percent of adults in the United States maintain a budget; (4) 25 percent of adults in the United States do not have any money saved for retirement; and (5) 16 percent of adults in the United States identified not having enough ‘‘rainy day’’ savings for an emergency, and 18 percent of adults in the United States identified not having enough money set aside for retire-ment, as the most worrisome area of per-sonal finance; Whereas the 2017 Retirement Confidence Survey conducted by the Employee Benefit Research Institute found that 73 percent of workers are not currently saving for retire-ment; Whereas, according to the statistical re-lease of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System for the fourth quarter of 2017 entitled ‘‘Financial Accounts of the United States: Flow of Funds, Balance Sheets, and Integrated Macroeconomic Ac-counts’’, outstanding household debt in the United States was $15,660,000,000,000 at the end of the fourth quarter of 2017; Whereas, according to the 2018 Survey of the States: Economic and Personal Finance Education in Our Nation’s Schools, a bien-nial report by the Council for Economic Edu-cation— (1) only 22 States require students to take an economics course as a high school gradua-tion requirement; and (2) only 17 States require students to take a personal finance course as a high school graduation requirement, either independ-ently or as part of an economics course; Whereas, according to the Gallup-HOPE Index, only 52 percent of students in the United States have money in a bank or cred-it union account; Whereas expanding access to the safe, mainstream financial system will provide in-dividuals with less expensive and more se-cure options for managing finances and building wealth; Whereas quality personal financial edu-cation is essential to ensure that individuals are prepared— (1) to manage money, credit, and debt; and (2) to become responsible workers, heads of household, investors, entrepreneurs, business leaders, and citizens; Whereas increased financial literacy em-powers individuals to make wise financial decisions and reduces the confusion caused by an increasingly complex economy; Whereas a greater understanding of, and familiarity with, financial markets and in-stitutions will lead to increased economic activity and growth; and Whereas, in 2003, Congress— (1) determined that coordinating Federal financial literacy efforts and formulating a national strategy is important; and (2) in light of that determination, passed the Financial Literacy and Education Im-provement Act (20 U.S.C. 9701 et seq.), estab-lishing the Financial Literacy and Education Commission: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates April 2018 as ‘‘Financial Lit-eracy Month’’ to raise public awareness about— (A) the importance of personal financial education in the United States; and (B) the serious consequences that may re-sult from a lack of understanding about per-sonal finances; and (2) calls on the Federal Government, States, localities, schools, nonprofit organi-zations, businesses, and the people of the United States to observe Financial Literacy Month with appropriate programs and activi-ties. SENATE RESOLUTION 491—RECOG-NIZING THE INDEPENDENT TRANSPORTATION NETWORK OF AMERICA ON THE OCCASION OF PROVIDING 1,000,000 RIDES TO OLDER AND VISUALLY CHAL-LENGED PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 491 Whereas the number of people of the United States aged 65 and older is projected to more than double from 46,000,000 today to almost 100,000,000 by the year 2060, when peo-ple of the United States aged 65 or older will represent nearly a quarter of the total popu-lation of the United States; Whereas transportation is necessary for ac-cess to the basic necessities of life and most people of the United States outlive their de-cision to stop driving by more than a decade; Whereas 3 out of 4 older people in the United States live in rural and suburban communities that lack the density for tradi-tional transportation solutions; Whereas the scarcity of transportation for older people of the United States leads to so-cial isolation, diminishing quality of life, limited access to health care services, and a strain on families and caregivers; Whereas the Independent Transportation Network of America (referred to in this pre-amble as ‘‘ITNAmerica’’) is a nonprofit transportation network company that inte-grates social capital through volunteerism and local community support with tradi-tional capital to increase the resources available to meet the mobility needs of older people, visually challenged people, and the families of older and visually challenged peo-ple; Whereas the average age of ITNAmerica riders is 84, and 58 percent of riders are 85 years and older; Whereas ITNAmerica has built Rides in Sight, a searchable, online database of all senior transportation services in the United States, with 15,000 services catalogued, and offers it to the public as a free service; and Whereas ITNAmerica has provided 1,000,000 rides to older and visually challenged people of the United States and, of those rides— (1) 40 percent were for the purpose of ob-taining health care services; (2) 21 percent were for people who are vis-ually challenged; and (3) 44 percent have been provided by volun-teer drivers: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the volunteers and staff of the Independent Transportation Network of America in communities across the United States for the 1,000,000 rides they have pro-vided to older and visually challenged peo-ple, their families, and their communities; (2) recognizes the Independent Transpor-tation Network of America as a nonprofit transportation network company that serves the common good and has helped people re-main in their own homes and communities after they can no longer drive safely; and (3) anticipates many more millions of rides in the future as the Independent Transpor-tation Network of America helps to meet the mobility needs of older and visually chal-lenged people and the needs of small and rural communities across the United States. SENATE RESOLUTION 492—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL SAFE DIGGING MONTH Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mrs. F
ISCHER , and Mr. P ETERS ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 492 Whereas each year, the underground util-ity infrastructure of the United States, in-cluding pipelines, electric, gas, tele-communications, water, sewer, and cable tel-evision lines, is jeopardized by unintentional damage caused by those who fail to have un-derground lines located prior to digging; Whereas some utility lines are buried only a few inches underground, making the lines easy to strike, even during shallow digging projects; Whereas digging prior to locating under-ground utility lines often results in unin-tended consequences, such as service inter-ruption, environmental damage, personal in-jury, and even death; Whereas the month of April marks the be-ginning of the peak period during which ex-cavation projects are carried out around the United States; Whereas in 2002, Congress required the De-partment of Transportation and the Federal Communications Commission to establish a 3-digit, nationwide, toll-free number to be used by State ‘‘One Call’’ systems to provide information on underground utility lines; Whereas in 2005, the Federal Communica-tions Commission designated ‘‘811’’ as the nationwide ‘‘One Call’’ number for home-owners and excavators to use to obtain infor-mation on underground utility lines before conducting excavation activities; Whereas the 1,700 members of the Common Ground Alliance, who are dedicated to ensur-ing public safety, environmental protection, and the integrity of services, promote the national ‘‘Call Before You Dig’’ campaign to increase public awareness about the impor-tance of homeowners and excavators calling 811 to find out the exact location of under-ground lines; Whereas the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (Pub-lic Law 112–90; 125 Stat. 1904) affirmed and expanded the ‘‘One Call’’ program by elimi-nating exemptions given to local and State government agencies and their contractors regarding notifying ‘‘One Call’’ centers be-fore digging; and Whereas the Common Ground Alliance has designated April as ‘‘National Safe Digging Month’’ to increase awareness of safe digging practices across the United States and to celebrate the anniversary of 811, the national ‘‘Call Before You Dig’’ number: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Safe Digging Month; and (2) encourages all homeowners and exca-vators throughout the United States to call 811 before digging. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.036 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2494 April 26, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 493—CON-GRATULATING THE FIGHTING IRISH OF THE UNIVERSITY OF NOTRE DAME WOMEN’S BASKET-BALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2018 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION I WOMEN’S BASKETBALL CHAM-PIONSHIP Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 493 Whereas, on Sunday, April 1, 2018, the Uni-versity of Notre Dame Women’s Basketball Team (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Fighting Irish’’) won the 2018 National Col-legiate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I title with a 61–58 win over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, becoming 1 of only 7 wom-en’s basketball programs to win multiple NCAA championship titles; Whereas the Fighting Irish displayed their grit and determination to overcome a 15- point disadvantage to the Bulldogs in the championship game, setting a record for the largest comeback in a NCAA title game; Whereas the victory marked the second na-tional title, the first of those titles coming on Sunday, April 1, 2001, for the Fighting Irish under the leadership of Head Coach Muffet McGraw; Whereas Head Coach McGraw has excelled during her 31 seasons with the Fighting Irish, having— (1) led the Fighting Irish to their 800th win under her leadership to secure their second national championship title; (2) been inducted into the Naismith Memo-rial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2017; and (3) been named 2018 AP, USA Today, and espnW Coach of the Year; Whereas Head Coach McGraw has been sup-ported by assistant coaches and staff includ-ing— (1) Carol Owens; (2) Niele Ivey; (3) Beth Cunningham; (4) Katie Capps; (5) Erica Williamson; and (6) Sharla Lewis; Whereas the full roster of the 2017–2018 na-tional championship Fighting Irish team in-cludes— (1) Kristina Nelson; (2) Lili Thompson; (3) Mychal Johnson; (4) Kathryn Westbeld; (5) Brianna Turner; (6) Marina Mabrey; (7) Maureen Butler; (8) Arike Ogunbowale; (9) Jessica Shepard; (10) Kaitlin Cole; (11) Jackie Young; (12) Mikayla Vaughn; (13) Nicole Benz; and (14) Danielle Patterson; Whereas Arike Ogunbowale, junior guard for the Fighting Irish, was awarded Most Outstanding Player of the Final Four and scored 145 total points throughout the course of the 2018 NCAA tournament, which in-cluded the game-winning shots in both the semifinal and final rounds of play; Whereas Jackie Young, sophomore guard and a native of Princeton, Indiana, led the Fighting Irish to a victory over the then- undefeated University of Connecticut Huskies with a dominant, breakout perform-ance, racking up 32 points and pulling down 11 rebounds; Whereas the tradition of the Fighting Irish of excelling in both athletics and academics continues to advance the sport of women’s basketball and provide inspiration for future generations of young female athletes; and Whereas the spirit and achievement of the Fighting Irish in the face of adversity and the dramatic conclusion of their champion-ship run inspired the respect and admiration of the basketball-loving State of Indiana: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the University of Notre Dame women’s basketball team for its vic-tory in the National Collegiate Athletic As-sociation (referred to in this resolving clause as the ‘‘NCAA’’) tournament claiming the 2018 NCAA Division I title; (2) recognizes the dedication, perseverance, and hard work of the players, coaches, stu-dents, alumni, administration, and support staff that directly contributed to the victory of the University of Notre Dame in the NCAA women’s basketball championship; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) Reverend John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., President of the University of Notre Dame; (B) Muffet McGraw, Head Coach of the Uni-versity of Notre Dame women’s basketball team; and (C) Jack Swarbrick, Vice-President and Athletic Director of the University of Notre Dame. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 494—CON-GRATULATING THE HOOSIERS OF INDIANA UNIVERSITY FOR WIN-NING THE 2018 WOMEN’S NA-TIONAL INVITATION TOUR-NAMENT Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 494 Whereas, on March 31, 2018, the Indiana University women’s basketball team (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Hoosiers’’) defeated the Virginia Tech Hokies by a score of 65–57 in the final game of the Women’s Na-tional Invitation Tournament (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘WNIT’’) in Bloom-ington, Indiana; Whereas the Hoosiers won their first na-tional postseason championship, and became only the sixth Big Ten school to earn a WNIT championship; Whereas the Hoosiers hosted a record 13,007 fans in Simon Skjodt Assembly Hall for the WNIT championship game to mark the larg-est crowd to watch a Big Ten women’s bas-ketball game this season, the largest crowed in Indiana University women’s basketball history, and the sixth largest crowd in WNIT history; Whereas the Hoosiers tied a program- record 23 wins for the second straight season, finishing 23–14 overall and 9–7 in the Big Ten Conference; Whereas the Hoosiers have shined under the leadership of Head Coach Teri Moren and have been supported by assistant coaches and staff including— (1) Rhet Wierzba; (2) Janese Banks; (3) Glenn Box; (4) Liz Honegger; (5) Briana Bass; (6) Erin McKinney; (7) Eddie Praley; and (8) Ashley Williams; Whereas the full roster of the 2017–2018 WNIT championship Hoosier team includes— (1) Tyra Buss; (2) Amanda Cahill; (3) Grace Withrow; (4) Kym Royster; (5) Brenna Wise; (6) Bre Wickware; (7) Bendu Yeaney; (8) Keyanna Warthen; (9) Linsey Marchese; (10) Jaelynn Penn; (11) Alexis Johnson; and (12) Ali Patberg; Whereas senior Tyra Buss was named Women’s Basketball Coaches Association All-American Honorable Mention and First Team All-Big Ten, setting 8 school records, including the scoring record for Indiana Uni-versity with 2,364 points; Whereas senior Amanda Cahill was named College Sports Information Directors of America Academic All-American and Second Team All-Big Ten, scoring over 1,800 points and racking up 1,100 rebounds during her col-lege career; Whereas freshman Jaelynn Penn became the first Indiana University freshman to be named to the Big Ten All-Freshman Team; and Whereas the consistent excellence, both academically and athletically, of the Hoo-siers has advanced the sport of women’s bas-ketball and inspired countless generations of young women athletes: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates and honors the Indiana University women’s basketball team and its loyal fans on the performance of the team in the 2018 Women’s National Invitation Tour-nament; (2) recognizes and commends the dedica-tion, determination, and commitment to ex-cellence of the players, parents, families, coaches, and managers of the Indiana Uni-versity women’s basketball team; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) Dr. Michael A. McRobbie, President of Indiana University; (B) Teri Moren, Head Coach of the Indiana University women’s basketball team; and (C) Fred Glass, Vice President and Director of Intercollegiate Athletics of Indiana Uni-versity. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 495—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT, DURING PUBLIC SERVICE RECOGNITION WEEK, PUBLIC SERVANTS SHOULD BE COMMENDED FOR THEIR DEDICA-TION AND CONTINUED SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. W ARNER , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. C OONS , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. L EAHY ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 495 Whereas the week of May 6 through 12, 2018, has been designated as ‘‘Public Service Recognition Week’’ to honor employees of the Federal Government and State and local governments and members of the uniformed services; Whereas Public Service Recognition Week provides an opportunity to recognize and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.039 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2495 April 26, 2018 
promote the important contributions of pub-lic servants and to honor the diverse men and women who meet the needs of the United States through work at all levels of govern-ment and as members of the uniformed serv-ices; Whereas millions of individuals work in government service, and as members of the uniformed services, in every State, county, and city across the United States and in hun-dreds of cities abroad; Whereas public service is a noble calling involving a variety of challenging and re-warding professions; Whereas the ability of the Federal Govern-ment and State and local governments to be responsive, innovative, and effective depends on the outstanding performance of dedicated public servants; Whereas the United States is a great and prosperous country, and public service em-ployees contribute significantly to that greatness and prosperity; Whereas the United States benefits daily from the knowledge and skills of the highly trained individuals who work in public serv-ice; Whereas public servants— (1) defend the freedom of the people of the United States and advance the interests of the United States around the world; (2) provide vital strategic support func-tions to the Armed Forces and serve in the National Guard and Reserves; (3) fight crime and fires; (4) ensure equal access to secure, efficient, and affordable mail service; (5) deliver benefits under the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), including ben-efits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of that Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); (6) fight disease and promote better health; (7) protect the environment and parks in the United States; (8) enforce laws guaranteeing equal em-ployment opportunity and healthy working conditions; (9) defend and secure critical infrastruc-ture; (10) help the people of the United States re-cover from natural disasters and terrorist at-tacks; (11) teach and work in schools and librar-ies; (12) develop new technologies and explore the Earth, the Moon, and space to help im-prove knowledge on how the world changes; (13) improve and secure transportation sys-tems; (14) promote economic growth; and (15) assist veterans of the Armed Forces; Whereas members of the uniformed serv-ices and civilian employees at all levels of government— (1) make significant contributions to the general welfare of the United States; and (2) are on the front lines in the fight to de-feat terrorism and maintain homeland secu-rity; Whereas public servants work in a profes-sional manner to build relationships with other countries and cultures in order to bet-ter represent the interests and promote the ideals of the United States; Whereas public servants alert Congress and the public to government waste, fraud, and abuse, and of dangers to public health; Whereas the individuals serving in the uni-formed services, as well as the skilled trade and craft employees of the Federal Govern-ment who provide support to their efforts— (1) are committed to doing their jobs re-gardless of the circumstances; and (2) contribute greatly to the security of the United States and the world; Whereas public servants have bravely fought in armed conflicts in the defense of the United States and its ideals, and deserve the care and benefits they have earned through their honorable service; Whereas public servants— (1) have much to offer, as demonstrated by their expertise and innovative ideas; and (2) serve as examples by passing on institu-tional knowledge to train the next genera-tion of public servants; and Whereas the week of May 6 through 12, 2018, marks the 34th anniversary of Public Service Recognition Week: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of the week of May 6 through 12, 2018, as ‘‘Public Service Recognition Week’’; (2) commends public servants for their out-standing contributions to the United States during Public Service Recognition Week and throughout the year; (3) salutes government employees, and members of the uniformed services, for their unyielding dedication to, and enthusiasm for, public service; (4) honors government employees and members of the uniformed services who have given their lives in service to their country; (5) calls upon a new generation to consider a career in public service as an honorable profession; (6) encourages efforts to promote public service careers at every level of government; and (7) supports efforts to promote an efficient and effective public service that serves the people of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 496—RECOG-NIZING APRIL 30, 2018, AS ‘‘EL DIA DE LOS NINOS–CELE-BRATING YOUNG AMERICANS’’ Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. R EED, Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 496 Whereas, each year in the United States, El Dı´a de los Nin˜os–Celebrating Young Americans is recognized as a day to affirm and recognize the importance of young chil-dren in the United States; Whereas children represent the hopes and dreams of the people of the United States and the well-being of children and adoles-cents is emphasized as a top priority in the United States; Whereas the people of the United States should nurture and invest in children and adolescents in order to preserve and enhance economic prosperity, democracy, and the free and open exchange of ideas, which are concepts that are essential to the spirit of the United States; Whereas, according to data of the Bureau of the Census, the Hispanic population in the United States is the youngest major racial or ethnic group in the United States, as— (1) 17,900,000 Hispanics in the United States, a group that represents nearly 
1⁄3of the Hispanic population in the United States, are younger than 18 years of age; and (2) in 2014, approximately 14,600,000 His-panics in the United States, a group that represents 
1⁄4of the Hispanic population in the United States, were individuals between 18 and 33 years of age (commonly referred to as ‘‘millennials’’); Whereas the Hispanic population in the United States is the youngest and largest ethnic minority group in the United States, continues to grow, and is a significant part of the workforce in the United States and children in that population will be con-sumers, taxpayers, and voters in the future; Whereas, as the United States becomes more culturally and ethnically diverse, the people of the United States must strive to bring about cultural understanding and cele-brate a tradition that honors all children on El Dı´a de los Nin˜os–Celebrating Young Americans, a day that acknowledges and shares traditions and customs with all peo-ple in the United States; Whereas parents are at the center of teach-ing children about family values, morality, life preparation, health, survival, and cul-ture; Whereas the designation of a day to honor children and adolescents in the United States will help affirm the significance of family, education, health, and community among the people of the United States; Whereas the designation of a day of special recognition for children in the United States will provide an opportunity for those chil-dren to reflect on their futures, to articulate their aspirations, to find comfort and secu-rity in the support of their family members, communities, and schools, and to grow to contribute to the United States; Whereas the National Latino Children’s In-stitute, which serves as an advocate and a voice for young Latino children— (1) will celebrate its 20th anniversary in 2018; (2) has partnered with States and cities throughout the United States during the 20 years preceding 2018; and (3) will declare April 30, 2018, as ‘‘El Dı ´a de los Nin˜os–Celebrating Young Americans’’, a day to bring communities and Latinos to-gether across the United States to celebrate and uplift children; Whereas April 30, 2018, would be an appro-priate day to recognize as ‘‘El Dı ´a de los Nin˜os–Celebrating Young Americans’’; and Whereas the people of the United States should be encouraged to celebrate the gifts of children and to help children take their rightful place in the future of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes April 30, 2018, as ‘‘El Dı ´a de los Nin˜os–Celebrating Young Americans’’; and (2) calls on the people of the United States to join with children, families, communities, schools, churches, cities, and States across the United States to observe El Dı ´a de los Nin˜os–Celebrating Young Americans with appropriate ceremonies, including activities that— (A) center on children and are free or of minimal cost so as to facilitate full partici-pation by all people; (B) uplift and help children positively envi-sion a path to their futures by allowing chil-dren to voice their hopes and dreams; (C) offer opportunities for children of di-verse backgrounds to learn about the cul-tures of one another and to share ideas; (D) include family members, especially ex-tended and elderly family members, so as to— (i) promote understanding and communica-tion among generations within families; and (ii) enable young people to learn from, and respect and benefit from the experiences of, their family elders; (E) enable diverse communities to build re-lationships of understanding; and (F) provide children with an education, safe environments in which to learn, live, and develop, and long-term support in order to become confident young adults who are ready and eager to believe in and contribute to the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.040 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2496 April 26, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 497—RECOG-NIZING THE CULTURAL AND HIS-TORICAL SIGNIFICANCE OF THE CINCO DE MAYO HOLIDAY Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. S MITH, Mr. U DALL , and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 497 Whereas May 5, or ‘‘Cinco de Mayo’’ in Spanish, is celebrated each year as a date of importance by Mexican and Mexican-Amer-ican communities; Whereas the Cinco de Mayo holiday com-memorates May 5, 1862, the date on which Mexicans defeated the French at the Battle of Puebla, one of the many battles that the Mexican people won in their long and brave fight for independence, freedom, and democ-racy; Whereas the victory of Mexico over France at Puebla represented a historic triumph for the Mexican government during the Franco- Mexican war fought between 1861 and 1867 and bolstered the resistance movement; Whereas the success of Mexico at the Bat-tle of Puebla reinvigorated the spirits of the Mexican people and provided a renewed sense of unity and strength; Whereas the French army, which had not experienced defeat against any of the finest troops of Europe in more than half a cen-tury, sustained a disastrous loss at the hands of an outnumbered and ill-equipped, but highly spirited and courageous, Mexican army; Whereas the courageous spirit that Mexi-can General Ignacio Zaragoza and his men displayed during that historic battle can never be forgotten; Whereas, in a larger sense, Cinco de Mayo symbolizes the right of a free people to self- determination, just as Benito Juarez, the president of Mexico during the Battle of Puebla, once said, ‘‘El respeto al derecho ajeno es la paz’’, meaning ‘‘respect for the rights of others is peace’’; Whereas the sacrifice of Mexican fighters was instrumental in keeping Mexico from falling under European domination while, in the United States, the Union Army battled Confederate forces in the Civil War; Whereas Cinco de Mayo serves as a re-minder that the foundation of the United States was built by people from many coun-tries and diverse cultures who were willing to fight and die for freedom; Whereas Cinco de Mayo also serves as a re-minder of the close ties between the people of Mexico and the people of the United States; Whereas Cinco de Mayo encourages the celebration of a legacy of strong leaders and a sense of vibrancy in communities; and Whereas Cinco de Mayo serves as a re-minder to provide more opportunity for fu-ture generations: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the historic struggle of the people of Mexico for independence and free-dom, which Cinco de Mayo commemorates; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe Cinco de Mayo with appro-priate ceremonies and activities. SENATE RESOLUTION 498—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE WEEK OF APRIL 29 THROUGH MAY 5, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK’’ WHILE COMMENDING THE ENTREPRENEURIAL SPIRIT OF SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS OF THE UNITED STATES, AND THE IMPACT THEY HAVE ON THEIR COMMUNITIES Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. C OONS , Mrs. E RNST , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. E NZI, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. Y OUNG , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. S COTT, and Ms. H EITKAMP ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 498 Whereas 2018 marks the 55th anniversary of ‘‘National Small Business Week’’; Whereas there are nearly 30,000,000 small businesses in the United States; Whereas 2 of every 3 new jobs are created by small businesses; Whereas small businesses in the United States— (1) employ nearly 
1⁄2of the workforce in the United States; (2) comprise 99.7 percent of all employers in the United States; (3) employ veterans, as 9.1 percent of all small business owners served in the Armed Forces; (4) produce 
1⁄3of exported goods in the United States; and (5) account for nearly 
1⁄2of private sector output; Whereas, on July 30, 1953, Congress created the Small Business Administration to aid, counsel, assist, and protect the small busi-ness community; Whereas, in its 54 years of existence, the Small Business Administration has— (1) aided countless people in the United States in attaining their entrepreneurial dream; (2) preserved and advanced the interests of small businesses through advocacy; and (3) ensured fairness in the contracting process of the Federal Government; and Whereas the President designated the week of April 29 through May 5, 2018, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of the week of April 29 through May 5, 2018, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’; (2) celebrates the entrepreneurial spirit of the small business owners of the United States; (3) understands the importance of creating a small business climate that allows for sus-tained, entrepreneurial success; (4) celebrates the invaluable contributions small businesses make to the United States as the backbone of the economy of the United States; and (5) supports increasing consumer aware-ness of the value and opportunity small busi-nesses bring to their local communities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 499—RECOG-NIZING AND SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NA-TIONAL SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS AND PREVENTION MONTH Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted the following res-olution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 499 Whereas the Senate is committed to the awareness, prevention, and deterrence of sex-ual violence affecting individuals in the United States; Whereas, according to the Department of Justice, an estimated 323,450 individuals ages 12 and older in the United States experienced sexual violence during 2016; Whereas, according to the National Crime Victimization Survey, between 1995 and 2010, approximately— (1) 3,900,000 women were victims of com-pleted rape; (2) 1,100,00 women were victims of at-tempted rape; and (3) 584,800 men were victims of sexual as-sault; Whereas, according to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network (commonly known as ‘‘RAINN’’), an individual is sexually as-saulted every 98 seconds in the United States, but for every 1,000 rapes committed in the United States, on average only— (1) 310 rapes are reported to law enforce-ment agencies; (2) 57 reported rape cases lead to an arrest; (3) 11 rape cases are referred for prosecu-tion; (4) 7 rape cases lead to a felony conviction; and (5) 6 convicted rapists are sentenced to some form of incarceration; Whereas, according to the Criminal Vic-timization Summary for 2016 of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, only 22.9 percent of rapes or sexual assaults in the United States were reported to law enforcement agencies; Whereas studies have suggested that Amer-ican Indians and Alaska Natives are at a sig-nificantly higher rate of violent victimiza-tion than other individuals in the United States; Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, more than 
1⁄2of all female rape victims reported being raped by an intimate partner; Whereas sexual violence is a burden for many individuals who serve in the United States Armed Forces, and the Department of Defense estimates that approximately 14,900 service members experienced some form of sexual assault during 2016; Whereas sexual assault does not discrimi-nate on any basis and can affect any indi-vidual in the United States; Whereas sexual violence may take many forms, including acquaintance, stranger, spousal, and gang rape, incest, child sexual abuse, elder sexual abuse, sexual abuse and exploitation of disabled persons, commercial sex trafficking, sexual harassment, and stalking; Whereas, according to the National Alli-ance to End Sexual Violence, in addition to the immediate physical and emotional costs, sexual assault can have numerous adverse consequences for the victim, which may in-clude post-traumatic stress disorder, sub-stance abuse, major depression, homeless-ness, eating disorders, and suicide; Whereas many sexual assaults are not re-ported to law enforcement agencies, which enables many perpetrators to evade punish-ment for their crimes; Whereas sexual assault survivors suffer emotional complications long after their physical scars have healed; Whereas advances in deoxyribonucleic acid (commonly known as ‘‘DNA’’) technology have enabled law enforcement agencies to identify and prosecute the perpetrators in tens of thousands of previously unsolved sex-ual assault cases; Whereas incarceration of sexual assault perpetrators can prevent perpetrators from committing additional crimes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.041 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2497 April 26, 2018 
Whereas national, State, territorial, and tribal coalitions, community-based rape cri-sis centers, and other organizations across the United States are committed to— (1) increasing public awareness of sexual violence and the prevalence of sexual vio-lence; and (2) eliminating sexual violence through prevention and education; Whereas important partnerships have been formed among criminal and juvenile justice agencies, health professionals, public health workers, educators, first responders, and vic-tim service providers; Whereas thousands of volunteers and staff at rape crisis centers, State coalitions against sexual assault, and nonprofit organi-zations across the United States play an im-portant role in making crisis hotlines and other services available to survivors of sex-ual assault; Whereas free, confidential help is available to all victims and survivors of sexual assault through— (1) the National Sexual Assault Hotline— (A) by telephone at 800-656-HOPE; and (B) online at https://hotline.rainn.org; and (2) more than 1,000 sexual assault service providers across the United States; Whereas the National Sexual Assault Hot-line— (1) in 2017, helped nearly 210,000 survivors of sexual assault, which represented the greatest number of survivors assisted through the hotline since the founding of the hotline in 1994; and (2) continues to receive record requests for support in 2018; Whereas the Department of Defense pro-vides the Safe Helpline, Safe HelpRoom, and Safe Helpline mobile application, each of which offer support and help to members of the Department of Defense community— (1) by telephone at 877-995-5247; and (2) online at https://safehelpline.org; Whereas individual and collective efforts reflect the dream of the people of the United States— (1) for individuals and organizations to ac-tively work to prevent all forms of sexual vi-olence; and (2) for no victim of sexual assault to be unserved or feel that there is no path to jus-tice; and Whereas April 2018 is recognized as ‘‘Na-tional Sexual Assault Awareness and Preven-tion Month’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) it is the sense of the Senate that— (A) National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month provides a special oppor-tunity to— (i) educate the people of the United States about sexual violence; and (ii) encourage— (I) the prevention of sexual assault; (II) improvement in the treatment of sur-vivors of sexual assault; and (III) the prosecution of perpetrators of sex-ual assault; (B) it is appropriate to properly acknowl-edge survivors of sexual assault and to com-mend the volunteers and professionals who assist those survivors in their efforts to heal; (C) national and community organizations and private sector supporters should be rec-ognized and applauded for their work in— (i) promoting awareness about sexual as-sault; (ii) providing information and treatment to survivors of sexual assault; and (iii) increasing the number of successful prosecutions of perpetrators of sexual as-sault; and (D) public safety, law enforcement, and health professionals should be recognized and applauded for their hard work and inno-vative strategies to ensure perpetrators of sexual assault are held accountable; and (2) the Senate supports the goals and ideals of National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 500—TO AU-THORIZE REPRESENTATION BY THE SENATE LEGAL COUNSEL IN THE CASE OF PETER P. TRUMAN V. PAULA ARMSTRONG, ET AL Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 500 Whereas, two Senate employees, Paula Armstrong and Edie Smith, have been named as defendants in the case of Peter P. Truman v. Paula Armstrong, et al., D. Me., currently on appeal in the United States Court of Ap-peals for the First Circuit, No. 18–1095; and Whereas, pursuant to sections 703(a) and 704(a)(1) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 2 U.S.C. §§288b(a) and 288c(a)(1), the Senate may direct its counsel to defend em-ployees of the Senate in civil actions relat-ing to their official responsibilities: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate Legal Counsel is authorized to represent Paula Armstrong and Edie Smith in the case of Peter P. Tru-man v. Paula Armstrong, et al. 
Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , I send to the desk a resolution author-izing representation by the Senate Legal Counsel and ask for its imme-diate consideration. Mr. President, this resolution con-cerns a pro se civil action filed in Maine Federal court against two em-ployees of Senator K
ING’s office regard-ing claims arising out of volunteer as-sistance the pro se plaintiff provided to that office. The District Court, on its own initiative, dismissed the lawsuit without needing to hear from the de-fendants, and the plaintiff has filed a notice of appeal. This resolution would authorize the Senate Legal Counsel to represent the Senate employees in that appeal in order to seek dismissal of the appeal or affirmance of the lower court’s dis-missal of this suit. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I have 4 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, April 26, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, April 26, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on S. 2644 and S. 2559 and following nomi-nations: Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Ha-waii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Nancy E. Brasel, and Eric C. Tostrud, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota, Robert R. Summerhays, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, and Gregory Allyn Forest, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of North Carolina, and Bradley A. Maxwell, to be United States Marshal for the Southern Dis-trict of Illinois, both of the Depart-ment of Justice. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, April 26, 2018, at 2 p.m. to conduct a closed hearing. 
PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATIONS  
The Permanent Subcommittee on In-vestigations of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, April 26, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of HHS and DHS Effort to Protect Unaccompanied Alien Children from Human Traf-ficking and Abuse.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Alexandra Webb, an intern in the office of Senator S
ULLIVAN , be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SECOND CHANCE MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 440. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 440) designating April 2018 as ‘‘Second Chance Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 440) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 20, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.042 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2498 April 26, 2018 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF TAKE OUR DAUGH-TERS AND SONS TO WORK DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from fur-ther consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 464. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 464) supporting the goals and ideals of Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 464) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of April 16, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of S. Res. 489 through and in-cluding S. Res. 500, which were sub-mitted earlier today. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the resolutions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the question is on agreeing to the resolutions en bloc. The resolutions were agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the preambles be agreed to en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 30, 2018, THROUGH MONDAY, MAY 7, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, April 30, at 2:30 p.m. and Thursday, May 3, at 10:30 a.m. I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, May 3, it next convene at 3 p.m. on Monday, May 7, and that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Engelhardt nomination; fi-nally, that notwithstanding the provi-sions of rule XXII, the cloture motions filed during today’s session ripen at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, May 7. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, APRIL 30, 2018, AT 2:30 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:38 p.m., adjourned until Monday, April 30, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
JOHN LOWRY III, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF LABOR FOR VETERANS’ EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING, VICE MICHAEL HERMAN MICHAUD. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. CRAIG S. FALLER 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL F. FAHEY III BRIG. GEN. HELEN G. PRATT 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RYAN J. GARLOW 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
NICHOLAS C. MUMM 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate April 26, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
RICHARD GRENELL, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL RE-PUBLIC OF GERMANY. YLEEM D. S. POBLETE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (VERIFICATION AND COMPLI-ANCE). FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
ROHIT CHOPRA, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE UNEXPIRED TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2012. NOAH JOSHUA PHILLIPS, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A FED-ERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2016. JOSEPH SIMONS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2017. CHRISTINE S. WILSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE UNEXPIRED TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2011. CHRISTINE S. WILSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2018. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ANDREA L. THOMPSON, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF STATE FOR ARMS CONTROL AND INTERNATIONAL SECURITY. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
TIMOTHY A. GARRISON, OF MISSOURI, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. KENJI M. PRICE, OF HAWAII, TO BE UNITED STATES AT-TORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF HAWAII FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. JOHN CARY BITTICK, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF GEOR-GIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. DAVID L. LYONS, OF GEORGIA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF GEORGIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. RODNEY D. OSTERMILLER, OF MONTANA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF MON-TANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
HANNIBAL WARE, OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS, TO BE IN-SPECTOR GENERAL, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION. 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
KENNETH STEVEN BARBIC, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF AGRI-CULTURE. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JOSEPH L. FALVEY, JR., OF MICHIGAN, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VET-ERANS CLAIMS FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
PAUL R. LAWRENCE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR BENEFITS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
NICOLA T. HANNA, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. STEVEN L. GLADDEN, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. BRENDAN O. HEFFNER, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF ILLI-NOIS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. THEODOR G. SHORT, OF MAINE, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF MAINE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MIKE POMPEO, OF KANSAS, TO BE SECRETARY OF STATE. THOMAS J. HUSHEK, OF WISCONSIN, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH SUDAN. KIRSTEN DAWN MADISON, OF FLORIDA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (INTERNATIONAL NAR-COTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS). 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE SURGEON GENERAL OF THE AIR FORCE AND AP-POINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 8036 AND 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DOROTHY A. HOGG 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. RICHARD P. SNYDER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G26AP6.063 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2499 April 26, 2018 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. JOHN C. AQUILINO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. CHARLES A. RICHARD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. GREGORY N. TODD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JOHN S. LEMMON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) RONALD C. COPLEY REAR ADM. (LH) KATHLEEN M. CREIGHTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRIAN K. COREY REAR ADM. (LH) LORIN C. SELBY REAR ADM. (LH) JOHNNY R. WOLFE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE NAVY AND FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5149: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) DARSE E. CRANDALL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. KRISTEN B. FABRY CAPT. JOSEPH D. NOBLE, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. HEIDI K. BERG CAPT. MICHAEL A. BROOKES CAPT. WILLIAM E. CHASE III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JOHN J. ADAMETZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. THOMAS J. ANDERSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. JAMES A. AIKEN CAPT. RICHARD J. CHEESEMAN, JR. CAPT. CRAIG A. CLAPPERTON CAPT. KEITH B. DAVIDS CAPT. JOSEPH A. DIGUARDO, JR. CAPT. LEONARD C. DOLLAGA CAPT. CHRISTOPHER S. GRAY CAPT. JOHN E. GUMBLETON CAPT. JAMES A. KIRK CAPT. TIMOTHY J. KOTT CAPT. FREDRICK R. LUCHTMAN CAPT. BRENDAN R. MCLANE CAPT. SCOTT W. PAPPANO CAPT. RYAN B. SCHOLL CAPT. LANCE G. SCOTT CAPT. PHILIP E. SOBECK CAPT. JOHN D. SPENCER CAPT. DOUGLAS C. VERISSIMO CAPT. GEORGE M. WIKOFF 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. TERRENCE J. O’SHAUGHNESSY THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL T. GEROCK 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. STEPHEN G. FOGARTY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. RAYMOND S. DINGLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. FRANCIS M. BEAUDETTE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADES INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. EUGENE J. LEBOEUF BRIG. GEN. STEPHEN E. STRAND 
To be brigadier general 
COL. AIDA T. BORRAS COL. VINCENT E. BUGGS COL. BARRY E. EDBERG COL. CHERYN L. FASANO COL. STEPHEN IACOVELLI COL. ISAAC JOHNSON, JR. COL. JAMES J. KOKASKA, JR. COL. JOSEPH M. LESTORTI COL. EDWARD H. MERRIGAN, JR. COL. MICHAEL D. ROACHE COL. BETH A. SALISBURY COL. CHARLES S. SENTELL III COL. JAMELLE C. SHAWLEY COL. ROBERT E. SUTER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be admiral 
ADM. PHILIP S. DAVIDSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. DAVID M. KRIETE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) MICHELLE C. SKUBIC THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) EUGENE H. BLACK III REAR ADM. (LH) WILLIAM D. BYRNE, JR. REAR ADM. (LH) MARC H. DALTON REAR ADM. (LH) JOHN V. FULLER REAR ADM. (LH) MICHAEL P. HOLLAND REAR ADM. (LH) HUGH W. HOWARD III REAR ADM. (LH) JEFFREY W. HUGHES REAR ADM. (LH) THOMAS E. ISHEE REAR ADM. (LH) ROY I. KITCHENER REAR ADM. (LH) STEPHEN T. KOEHLER REAR ADM. (LH) SAMUEL J. PAPARO, JR. REAR ADM. (LH) JEFFREY E. TRUSSLER REAR ADM. (LH) WILLIAM W. WHEELER III REAR ADM. (LH) KENNETH R. WHITESELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE NAVY, AND APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5142: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
REAR ADM. (LH) BRENT W. SCOTT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DARIN K. VIA 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. MICHAEL G. DANA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DAVID H. BERGER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STEPHEN E. LISZEWSKI COL. LORNA M. MAHLOCK COL. DAVID L. ODOM COL. ARTHUR J. PASAGIAN COL. SEAN M. SALENE COL. KEVIN J. STEWART COL. WILLIAM H. SWAN COL. CALVERT L. WORTH, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CHARLES G. CHIAROTTI 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
JON PARRISH PEEDE, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE CHAIR-PERSON OF THE NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HU-MANITIES FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
REBECCA KELLY SLAUGHTER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2015. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD G. ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH JOEL K. WARREN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 8, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RONNELLE ARMSTRONG AND ENDING WITH JOHN MARION VON ALMEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 8, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALISON LEE BEACH AND ENDING WITH CORTNEY LYNN ZUERCHER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 8, 2018. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL J. ABBOTT AND ENDING WITH DAVID RUSSELL WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 9, 2018. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF TIA W. CAPHART, TO BE LIEU-TENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF NAPOLEON A. CAMPOS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF KEVIN R. EMBRY, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ANDREW J. FURJANIC, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DANIEL L. LEE, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN M. WILLIAMS, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROBERTO SORIANOOLIVAS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF JASON PALATAS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSE R. REVELES, JR. AND ENDING WITH KENNETH J. STRAUSS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 9, 2018. ARMY NOMINATION OF D012279, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF RUSSELL B. GILLILAND, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF ERIK M. BAUER, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF LAWRENCE W. HENRY, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF KENNETH A. WILLEFORD, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF D012941, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ROXANNE T. SICKLES, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF JAMES F. HUGGINS II, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF DENNY L. ROZENBERG, TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF DOUGLAS R. BURIAN, TO BE MAJOR. MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF CHAD R. FITZGERALD, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF EDWARD M. CROSSMAN, TO BE CAPTAIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.009 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2500 April 26, 2018 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NANA K. APPIAWIAH AND ENDING WITH AUSTIN R. YOUNGER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 12, 2018. FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF ROBERT F. GRECH. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KAREN S. SLITER AND ENDING WITH ELIA P. VANECHANOS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON FEBRUARY 13, 2018. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF TUYVAN NGUYEN. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BENJAMIN THOMAS ARDELL AND ENDING WITH ALEX-ANDER ZVINAKIS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 12, 2018. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF ABIGAIL MARIE NGUEMA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:56 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26AP6.010 S26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE541 April 26, 2018 
RECOGNITION OF 25 YEARS OF THE MAFFS MISSION SUP-PORTED BY THE 302D AIRLIFT WING AT PETERSON AFB, CO 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Citizen Airmen serving in the Air Force Reserve’s 302nd Airlift Wing, Air at Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado. Today I recognize their 25 years of dedi-cated support of the Department of Defense’s C–130 Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System, or MAFFS mission. In 1993, the Air Force Reserve portion of the MAFFS mission was moved to the 302nd Airlift Wing, Peterson Air Force Base, Colo-rado from March Air Force Base, California. On October 28, 1993, two aircrews from the 302nd Airlift Wing’s 731st Airlift Squadron and maintenance personnel from the 302nd Main-tenance Group departed for Point Mugu Naval Air Warfare Center, California for their first MAFFS activation. Since that first activation, hundreds of Re-serve Citizen Airmen have trained, supported and executed the Defense Support of Civil Au-thorities Mission assisting in the tireless efforts of ground firefighting crews through reaching inaccessible areas by air, supporting the con-tainment of hundreds of wildland fires and saving lives and property throughout the United States of America and Mexico. In addition to supporting fire suppression ef-forts across the U.S., 302d Airlift Wing Re-servists have responded to fires in their own backyards supporting suppression of major Colorado fires including the Hayman fire (2002), Waldo Canyon fire (2012) and Black Forest fire (2013). Innovation is in their DNA, and it comes from the diverse experiences our Reserve Cit-izen Airmen bring to the mission. We honor all who work tirelessly to support and make this special mission possible both in the air and on the ground. We recognize the hundreds of hours of labor expended by the Reserve air-craft maintenance crews who ensure the MAFFS-equipped C–130s, call-signs MAFFS 2 and MAFFS 5, are mission ready. We honor the highly-experienced Air Force Reserve air-crews flying one of the most challenging mis-sions in the U.S. Air Force. When not supporting the wildland firefighting mission, the 302nd is always ready to answer our nation’s call with the agility to shift to its tactical airlift mission supporting rapid global mobility. Today, it is also important to remember the six Reserve Citizen Airmen who lost their lives in support of the MAFFS mission, specifically the crew of SUMIT 38, a MAFFS support mis-sion from Boise, Idaho that did not make it back to Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado on May 13, 1995; and four members of the crew of MAFFS 7 from the 146th Airlift Wing, North Carolina Air National Guard who were lost during a MAFFS mission in White Draw, South Dakota on July 1, 2012. Today, the Reserve Citizen Airmen from Colorado’s Peterson Air Force Base along with their Air National Guard counterparts con-tinue to provide the surge support to wildland firefighting efforts when requested by the Na-tional Interagency Fire Center at a moment’s notice. To make it happen, we seek the best and brightest minds from across the nation to fill critical career fields such as Air Force Re-serve pilots and maintenance technicians. Today, in 2018, the continued bravery, sac-rifice, expertise and dedication to this mission by our Reserve Citizen Airmen has allowed for 25 years of unwavering support of the MAFFS mission by the Air Force Reserve at Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PAULA LINKER 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank a very special member of my community. For as long as I have been in-volved in working for Arizona, Paula Linker has been a friend and supporter. Those who know Paula admire her for her courage and determination. She is forthright and depend-able. She works every single day to make sure that the causes and people she cares for most have all the support she has to give. And, it is in that spirit that I am so pleased she is being awarded the Lincoln Lifetime Achieve-ment Award from the Maricopa County Repub-lican Committee. The community celebrates Paula, and it is with great enthusiasm that I include these re-marks into the R
ECORD of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
DIGITAL AUTHORITARIANISM AND THE GLOBAL THREAT TO FREE SPEECH 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, today we held a hearing on China’s digital authoritarianism. China has the world’s largest number of internet users as well as the world’s most sophisticated and aggressive internet censorship and control regime. The Chinese government, under the leadership of Xi Jinping, views digital controls as necessary for its political stability and control of core digital technologies as necessary for its economic fu-ture. The Chinese government spends $10 billion on maintaining and improving their censorship apparatus. The U.S. government has an an-nual internet freedom budget of $55 million and Congress still has little idea how this money is spent. Over the past year or so, Chinese compa-nies were ordered to close websites that hosted discussions on the military, history, and international affairs and crack down on ‘‘ille-gal’’ VPNs (in response, Apple was forced to remove VPNs from the China App store). New regulations were announced restricting ano-nymity online and the Chinese government rolled out impressive new censorship tech-nologies, censoring photos in one-to-one WeChat discussions and disrupting WhatsApp. Beijing has also deployed facial and voice recognition, artificial intelligence, and other surveillance technologies throughout the coun-try, but particularly targeting the Uyghur ethnic minority, where between 500,000 to 1 million Uyghurs have been detained arbitrarily. The Chinese government and Communist Party’s attempts to enforce and export a digital authoritarianism poses a direct threat to Chi-nese rights defenders and ethnic minorities and poses a direct challenge to the interests of the U.S. and the international community. The U.S. must recognize that we are en-gaged in a battle of ideas with a revitalized authoritarianism—online, in the marketplace, and elsewhere—and we need up our ‘‘com-petitive game’’ to meet the challenge. The Administration’s National Security Strat-egy says quite clearly that the Chinese gov-ernment and Communist Party (along with Russia) seek to ‘‘challenge American power, influence, and interests, attempting to erode American security and prosperity. They are determined to make economies less free and less fair, to grow their militaries, and to control information and data to repress their societies and expand their influence.’’ [The Chinese government and Communist Party] is using economic inducements and penalties, influence operations, and implied military threats to persuade other states to heed its political and security agenda. . . China gathers and exploits data on an unrivaled scale and spreads features of its au-thoritarian system, including corruption and the use of surveillance.’’ The Chinese government and Communist Party want to shape a world antithetical to U.S. values and interests and to export its economic, political, and censorship models globally. In response, the U.S. and like-minded allies must stand resolutely for the freedom of reli-gion, fairer and freer trade, labor rights, free-dom of navigation, the rule of law and the freedom of expression—including online. A coherent and engaged internet freedom strategy must be a critical part of the U.S. dip-lomatic toolbox. This strategy should have at its core a commitment to protect fundamental freedoms, privacy, and promote the free flow of news and information. But it is not a matter of just having a strat-egy; it should be the right one. The Bush and Obama Administrations pursued cyber diplo-macy; yet internet freedom has declined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.001 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE542 April 26, 2018 
around the world, privacy is increasingly under threat, and the free flow of information has be-come more endangered. The right strategy must start with some hu-mility. Cyberspace is a place to spread demo-cratic ideals and a place where criminals, ex-tremists, corporations, traffickers, and govern-ments exploit vulnerabilities with impunity. On-line communication can convey are highest ideals and our worst fears. It can shine a light on repression and be the source of hatred, manipulation, fake news, coercion, and con-flict. It can bring people together or push us apart. Despite all this, I agree with the NSS’s con-clusions which says, ‘‘The Internet is an Amer-ican invention, and it should reflect our values as it continues to transform the future for all nations and all generations. A strong, defen-sible cyber infrastructure fosters economic growth, protects our liberties, and advances our national security.’’ Central to a revitalized U.S. internet free-dom strategy should be a priority to open gap-ing holes in China’s Great Firewall. Right now, I’m just not confident that this is the policy of the Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors or the State Department right now. I think there are certain goals we should prioritize in our internet freedom strategy re-garding China. First, China’s netizens require easy, reliable and free access to uncensored information through anti-censorship technologies, so that anybody can freely access information regard-less of their technical ability. Reliable solutions should work all the time, regardless of intensi-fied crackdowns or major events (Party Con-gress, June 4th anniversary) taking place in- country. Second, solutions should also present dif-ficult choices for the Chinese authorities—if the authorities want to disrupt these solutions, then they must disrupt many online services which they would normally be hesitant and un-likely to block. Third, Access to solutions should also come at no cost for Chinese netizens, the Chinese authorities often block access to payment pro-viders so even if Chinese can afford a cir-cumvention solution, they cannot get past cen-sorship by their payment provider. Fourth, holistic anti-censorship solutions should be encouraged, including not just tech-nical circumvention but also distribution of those tools (getting around Google Play being blocked, and censorship in the Apple App Store) and well as helping users share anti- censorship tools, as well as content, through messaging apps, social networks and QR codes. These are just a few starting principles. I am open to a conversation about these goals with experts and allies. But given the stakes and possible outcomes, moving quickly to fund and distribute anti-censorship technologies should be a priority. The future of our grandchildren—in the U.S. and China alike—may very well depend on open, interoperable communications online, with minimal barriers to the global exchange of information, data, ideas, and services. TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF GAIL WRIGHT 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to one of Eastern Kentucky’s greatest champions for economic development and infrastructure enhancement, my friend Gail Wright, who is retiring after nearly 30 years of dedication as Executive Di-rector of the Gateway Area Development Dis-trict. Gail was raised on a farm in rural Menifee County, Kentucky, where she learned the value of basic infrastructure, a frugal family life and hard work. She developed a deep passion for helping others while on the farm, which in-spired her love for community development. Gail has been an overcomer from day one, including being first in her family to graduate from college and serving as one of the first fe-male Executive Directors for an Area Develop-ment District in Kentucky. Most recently, about ten years ago, she was diagnosed with a brain tumor and a genetic defect in her heart that would ultimately test her strength and tenacity. Once again, she never slowed down, over-coming two major health issues back-to-back. She has utilized that same determination and courage of conviction to fuel her leader-ship for the Gateway Area, covering Bath, Menifee, Montgomery, Morgan, and Rowan Counties. She has been an incredible force in the field of community and economic develop-ment; she knows the often-complex inner workings of grant funding and administration; she knows how to bring strategic partners to-gether at the federal, state and local levels; and ultimately, she has a genuine love and understanding for the people, the culture, the talent and the heritage of Eastern Kentucky. As you look around the communities in the Gateway Area, her fingerprints are visible on countless projects from water and wastewater expansion, industrial parks, transportation en-hancements, tourism growth, educational ac-cess and other revitalization activities. She has served as Chair of the Kentucky Area De-velopment District’s Executive Directors and has dedicated her time and resources to mul-tiple boards in the region, across Kentucky and nationally. Most importantly, she has si-multaneously devoted her life to her husband, Dean, with whom she has raised two wonder-ful sons, Abraham and Jordan. Gail has been a true jewel for Eastern Ken-tucky and we will do our best to continue the work she envisioned for the region we all love. As she enters retirement, my wife, Cynthia, and I wish Gail and her family immense joy and blessings in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING PUBLIC WORKS DIRECTOR MARK KOZAK 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mark Kozak from Kodiak, Alas-ka. After 30 years of work with the City of Ko-diak Public Works Department, Mark is retiring on May 18, 2018. Mark was born and raised in Kodiak. Fol-lowing high school, he learned to fly and for ten years worked as a commercial bush pilot in Kodiak, operating single and twin-engine aircraft. He was well known for flying the Grumman Goose and transporting fishermen, hunters and villagers to all points on the is-land. In 1988, Mark began working for the City of Kodiak as a Utility Worker in the Public Works Department. He was quickly promoted to Equipment Operator and from there became the Maintenance Supervisor. In 2002, Mark was asked to serve as the Public Works Di-rector. The 27 employees of the Public Works De-partment have many responsibilities that di-rectly impact the health and safety of the com-munity. These include street, building and equipment maintenance and repair, operation and maintenance of the municipal airport and float-plane facilities, building permits and in-spections, a water treatment and distribution system designed for up to ten million gallons per day, wastewater treatment and collection, a United States Council Certified compost fa-cility, and nine regulated dams with a total holding capacity of 1.0 billion gallons of water. Kodiak is one of the top fishing ports in the nation and it is vital that the water system be reliable and of sufficient quantity for proc-essing the millions of pounds of seafood each year. Throughout his career, Mark has held to the highest standards, and his dedication and commitment to the taxpayers of Kodiak is well known. With his leadership the Public Works Department has accomplished numerous achievements for the community. Major projects have included extensive water, sewer and road renovation and replacement, an ul-traviolet plant for the water treatment facility, the planning and building of a compost facility, and a new pump house at the Monashka Dam. Following retirement, Mark and his wife, Linda, plan to remain in Kodiak where they enjoy boating, sport fishing, hiking, and pho-tography. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Mark Kozak for his many years of selfless service for the people of his community and for the City of Kodiak. Please join me in con-gratulating Mark on his retirement and to wish him our best. f 
COMMEMORATING PASTOR B.R. DANIELS, JR.’S 25TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY AT THE FIRST GREATER NEW HOPE BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Pastor B.R. Daniels, Jr.’s 25th Pastoral Anniversary at the First Greater New Hope Baptist Church in Fort Worth, Texas. A native of Fort Worth, Pastor Daniels at-tended and graduated from O.D. Wyatt High School. After completing high school, he an-swered the call of duty and enlisted in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.003 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE543 April 26, 2018 
United States Army where he faithfully served his country for 8 years. Pastor Daniels was honorably discharged in 1992, at the rank of Sergeant E–5. In early 1993, when the First Greater New Hope Baptist Church often referred to as ‘‘The Hope,’’ was in search of a new pastor and leader, Reverend Daniels was called upon to occupy the pulpit. The congregation knew right away that they had the right man for the job. On May 2, 1993, Pastor Daniels became the second pastor of the First Greater New Hope Baptist Church, and he continues to lead his congregation today. Under his leadership, the First Greater New Hope Baptist Church established multiple min-istries and grew to over 600 active members. If that is not enough, Pastor Daniels is also currently pursuing a master’s degree in The-ology at the Trinity Theological Seminary. Most importantly, he is the proud father of Brittany and Brianna Daniels, and the proud grandfather of Britton Ray Daniels. After 25 years, Pastor Daniels has certainly left his mark not only on his church but also in the City of Fort Worth. His passion and love for the ministry explain why so many follow his vision of hope. Therefore, I include in the R
ECORD this statement in recognition of Pastor B.R. Dan-iels, Jr.’s 25 years of dedicated service to the First Greater New Hope Baptist Church. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 2018 CONGRES-SIONAL ART COMPETITION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, once again, I come to the floor to recognize the great success of strong local schools working with dedicated parents and teachers. I rise today to congratulate and honor a number of outstanding high school artists from the 11th Congressional District of New Jersey. Each of these talented young men and women partici-pated in the 2018 Congressional Art Competi-tion, ‘‘An Artistic Discovery.’’ Their works of art are exceptional. Sixty-three students from twenty-three high schools in Morris, Essex, Sussex and Passaic counties participated. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the winners of our art competition. First place was awarded to Alyssa Talon from Pope John XXIII Regional High School for her oil painting entitled, ‘‘Girl on the Bus.’’ Second place was awarded to Ava Economou from Wayne Valley High School for her conte pencil work entitled, ‘‘Reflections of Past.’’ Third place was award-ed to Rachel Cenicola from Madison High School for her photograph entitled, ‘‘The Sto-ries We Wear.’’ Honorable Mentions were awarded to: Tafari Dempster from Whippany Park High School for his colored pencil work entitled, ‘‘Bio-luminescence,’’ Caitlin Gethins from Whippany Park High School for her photograph entitled, ‘‘From Heaven Above,’’ Morgan Hoover from Wayne Valley High School for her gel pen work entitled, ‘‘Mel,’’ and Katherine Hu from the Morris County School of Technology for her acrylic painting entitled, ‘‘Perspicacious.’’ Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize each artist for their participation by including in the RECORD their high school, their name and the title of their contest entries: 
Boonton High School: Ifrah Bajwa, ‘‘Time Lapse’’; Jaylene Combs, ‘‘Self-Portrait’’; Catharine Owens, ‘‘Nick’’; Zeeshan Qureshi, ‘‘Kobi’’. Delbarton School: Lucas C. Acocella, ‘‘Un-expected Beauty’’; Sean Taylor, ‘‘A Cut Above the Rest’’. Eastern Christian High School: Steve Blan-co, ‘‘What I Saw in the Water’’; Angela Han, ‘‘The Friend’’. Hanover Park High School: Jenna Glinko, ‘‘Freedom Tower’’; Ronald Petriella, ‘‘Flash-back’’; Delaney Trignano, ‘‘Utensils’’. Jefferson Township High School: Kaitlyn Hollar, ‘‘Shapes of the Rainbow’’; Katrina Jenisch, ‘‘Child’s Play’’; Rachel Warncke, ‘‘Oliver’’. Livingston High School: Tiffany Acosta, ‘‘Four Eyes’’; Bari Greenwald, ‘‘Chivalrie Ro-mance at the Abbey’’; Rachel Leibel, ‘‘Juras-sic Art’’; Breena Rettig, ‘‘Fading’’. Madison High School: Loryn Camp, ‘‘Ac-ceptance’’; Rachael Cenicola, ‘‘The Stories We Wear’’; Julia Ferranti, ‘‘Distorted’’; Kierran Matos ‘‘Don’t Go’’. Montclair High School: Tien Servidio, ‘‘The Angriest Bois’’. Montville Township High School: Nicholas Corradino, ‘‘Golden Tiers’’; Alexandra DeLuise, ‘‘Tessellate’’; Cindy Xie, ‘‘Splen-dor’’. Morris Catholic High School: Tess Clemente, ‘‘Sad Goodbye’’; Yifan ‘‘Coco’’ Peng, ‘‘Potter Peng’’; Deok Hyeon ‘‘David’’ Yu, ‘‘Bob Dylan’’; Kelsey Zapana, ‘‘Tess’’. Morris County School of Technology: Katherine Hu, ‘‘Perspicacious’’. Nutley High School: Zawar Ahmed, ‘‘Fair and Lovely’’; Barbara Benda, ‘‘Detached’’; Paul Ibrahim, ‘‘Entropy’’; Sabrina Kuo, ‘‘In-dividuality’’. Parsippany Hills High School: Emma Mykowski, ‘‘Connection to the Past’’. Passaic County Technical Institute: Chris-topher Cortez, ‘‘Narcissus’’; Emmalie Foti, ‘‘Space Mammals’’; Ava Liguori, ‘‘Colors’’. Passaic Valley High School: Jonathan Alarcon, ‘‘Earth’s Sanctuary’’; Danielle Bur-den, ‘‘Oasis’’; Matthew Nelson, ‘‘1:05’’. Pope John XXIII Regional High School: Margaret Butler, ‘‘Teeth’’; Anne Ilardi, ‘‘Do You Want to Build a Snowman?’’; Alyssa Talon, ‘‘Girl on the Bus’’; Jessica Whittam, ‘‘Taz’’. Rae Kushner Yeshiva High School: Maya Homa, ‘‘American Beauty Rose’’; Noa Mobilia, ‘‘Lone Bonsai’’. Sparta High School: Sydney Van Brunt, ‘‘Country Girl’’; Sarah Wille, ‘‘Freedom of Speech’’; Ande Wittenmeier, ‘‘Veteran’’. Trinity Christian School: Ben Genberg, ‘‘Mesa Verde’’. Villa Walsh Academy: Lucy Anderson, ‘‘Midnight in the Garden’’; Maureen Walsh, ‘‘Coming of Age’’. Wayne Valley High School: Ava Economou, ‘‘Reflections of the Past’’; Morgan Hoover, ‘‘Mel’’; Kaitlyn Lauckner, ‘‘Proud’’; Amanda Piszczatoski, ‘‘Looking Forward, Looking Back’’. West Orange High School: David Fernandez, ‘‘Dream Deferred’’. Whippany Park High School: Tafari Dempster, ‘‘Bioluminescence’’; Emily Gar-cia, ‘‘Lantern Study’’; Caitlin Gethins, ‘‘From Heaven Above’’; Sara Kahn, ‘‘Playful Elephants’’. 
Each year the winner of the competition has their art work displayed with other winners from across the country in a special corridor here at the U.S. Capitol. Thousands of our fel-low Americans walk through the exhibition and are reminded of the vast talents of our young men and women. Indeed, all of these young artists are winners, and we should be proud of their achievements so early in life. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating these talented young people from New Jersey’s 11th Congressional District. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BROAD INSTITUTE 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, today we celebrate National DNA Day, which marks the completion of the Human Genome Project that produced the first complete DNA sequence of a human being. On the 15th an-niversary of this milestone, the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard will reach another remark-able achievement: having now sequenced a total of 100,000 human genomes since the conclusion of the Human Genome Project. Connecting MIT, Harvard, the Harvard teaching hospitals, and the life sciences and technology industries in Cambridge, MA and beyond, the Broad Institute is one of the world’s leading biomedical research institu-tions. In the service of its mission to propel the understanding and treatment of disease, the Broad Institute is also one of the largest pro-ducers of human genomic information; it has made more genomic data available for health research than any other organization. Over the last decade, the Broad Institute has generated about ten percent of the world’s entire knowledge base of human genomic data. Scientists in the United States and around the globe have used its data to re-search the underlying causes of devastating diseases, from common conditions such as heart disease, diabetes, and cancer to very rare childhood disorders. That tremendous progress reflects not only on the Broad Institute, but on the wisdom of our government to meaningfully invest in bio-medicine with its launch of the Human Ge-nome Project in 1990, from which we are still reaping the returns. I want to thank the Broad Institute for their commitment to science, health, and progress. I am incredibly proud to have this institution and their historic achievements within my dis-trict. 
f 
HONORING CURTIS W. THAYER 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and celebration of the 50th birthday of a former employee, colleague and more importantly, friend on May 4, 2018. Mr. Curtis Thayer of Anchorage, Alaska has worked tirelessly on behalf of Alaskans for over half of his very young 50 years. He has served his time in a wide variety of public service and private practice to bring Alaska economic development, jobs and a solid foun-dation of community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.001 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE544 April 26, 2018 
Moreover, Curtis is a devoted husband, fa-ther and son who dedicates his life to his fam-ily and many charitable and non-profit organi-zations. In a very brief time, Curtis has com-pleted more than most people could in three lifetimes and I have a tremendous amount of respect for him, even selling him one of my precious guns at one point in time. That never happens as I really love my guns—but I gave him a great deal. Curtis has a great wit, a sharp mind, and sometimes a sharp tongue, but you can al-ways count on him to be there for you. He epitomizes loyalty, honesty and courage. He has stood by my side through all of the polit-ical and personal ups and downs and I cannot thank him enough for all he has done for the great State of Alaska and for me as a politi-cian and a person. He is just simply a great guy with an even better wife and son. Mr. Speaker, Curtis’s wife Josie and his son Matthew stand beside a great man who will have many more years to make Alaska an even better place to live. Fifty is just the be-ginning for this young man. Happy birthday to my friend, Curtis W. Thayer. 
f 
HONORING THE PRESS DEMOCRAT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the staff of The Press Democrat for being awarded the 2018 Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Reporting ‘‘for lucid and tenacious coverage of historic wildfires that ravaged the city of Santa Rosa and Sonoma County.’’ The Press Democrat is a locally-owned, daily newspaper that was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Santa Rosa, in my district. This national recognition of its exemplary re-porting reinforces what our community already knows—that The Press Democrat is a world class newspaper with exceptional reporters, photographers, editors, online producers and page designers. During the historic October 2017 wildfires, the staff at The Press Democrat filled a dual role. They told the larger stories, reporting on the devastation and community-wide heart-break and photographing the looming flames and incredible heroism. They also kept people in our community informed of whether they needed to evacuate, where they could go if they did and how to search for and locate missing family, friends and neighbors. Their updates were critical in keeping people in the Sonoma, Napa and Lake Counties aware of the rapid movement of the fires and events unfolding in our community. The Pulitzer Prize is well-deserved acknowl-edgment of the hard work of the staff of The Press Democrat. During the long days and nights and extreme uncertainty, the reporters, photographers and editors worked on the front lines and around the clock to keep the com-munity informed and shared the horrors with the rest of the country and the world. Report-ing on the fires demanded everything of them and they delivered, even as some were evac-uated from their homes and unsure if they would have a home to return to. Mr. Speaker, The Press Democrat is an im-portant newspaper and institution in our com-munity. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor the staff and their accomplishment of winning a Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Reporting. f 
HONORING RABBI STEVEN KUSHNER ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM TEMPLE NER TAMID 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rabbi Steven Kushner upon his retire-ment from serving as the spiritual leader of Temple Ner Tamid in Bloomfield, New Jersey. Since its inception in 1980 when two Bloom-field congregations—one reform and one con-servative-merged, the Jewish community at Temple Ner Tamid has not just grown, but thrived, under Rabbi Kushner’s tenure. Rabbi Kushner has been instrumental in the growth and expansion of the Ner Tamid con-gregation to hundreds of families serving three generations of members. In that time he has developed adult education, interfaith, social action, outreach, and family programming at the synagogue. Whether officiating at B’nai Mitzvah, confirmations, weddings, bris cere-monies, baby namings, or funerals, Rabbi Kushner has played an integral role in major life events of thousands of New Jersey fami-lies. His high-holiday sermons were always thought-provoking, and included the right dash of movie references or popular culture. By all accounts, Rabbi Kushner took his title very seriously. The word ‘‘rabbi’’ means Jew-ish teacher in Hebrew, and Rabbi Kushner is a tremendous educator. In fact, Rabbi Kushner helped prepare my Chief of Staff, Ben Rich, for his Bar Mitzvah almost three decades ago. And through leading his con-firmation class trip to Washington, D.C., helped influence Ben’s path toward what has been a long career working for the people of northern New Jersey on Capitol Hill. Rabbi Kushner is certainly a figure of re-spect in the Jewish community, and he has made his mark in the community at large as a distinguished and respected member of the clergy in Essex County and throughout New Jersey. Rabbi Kushner is past president of the New Jersey Association of Reform Rabbis, the Co-alition of Religious Leaders of New Jersey, and the Metro West Conference on Soviet Jewry, and also served on the Ethics Com-mittee of the Central Conference of American Rabbis (CCAR). Rabbi Kushner is a member of Reform Judaism’s Commission on Worship, Music and Religious Living, and chairs the Beth El Memorial Park Foundation of the United Jewish Communities of Metro West. He is a Trustee of The Blue Card, a unique char-ity that provides emotional and monetary as-sistance to Holocaust survivors and their fami-lies. A native of Michigan and long suffering Lions fan, Rabbi Kushner received a Bachelor of Arts from Wayne State University in Detroit before earning a Master of Arts in Hebrew Let-ters from Hebrew Union College-Jewish Insti-tute of Religion. Rabbi Kushner has also re-ceived Certification in Pastoral Counseling from the Postgraduate Center for Mental Health in New York City, and was awarded a Doctor of Divinity from the Hebrew Union Col-lege-Jewish Institute of Religion in March of 2002. Rabbi Kushner served on the faculty of Bloomfield College from 1983 to 2003. In May of 1995, the college honored him with a Doc-tor of Laws honoris causa degree. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in acknowledging the dedicated service given. Let us come together to join Rabbi Kushner’s family, including his daughters A viva and Hannah, his friends, and the Ner Tamid con-gregation, clergy and staff, in congratulating Rabbi Steven Kushner on his retirement after thirty-eight years of serving the Jewish com-munity of northern New Jersey and Temple Ner Tamid of Bloomfield. 
f 
HONORING POLICE CHIEF RONDA WALLACE 
HON. DON YOUNG 
OF ALASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring the career and achieve-ments of Chief Ronda Wallace of Kodiak, Alaska, who has served her community and the Kodiak Police Department with distinction for the past 20 years. Chief Wallace first joined the Department in 1997 as a Public Safety Dispatcher, and the next year was commissioned as a patrol officer. She steadily rose through the Department’s ranks and held numerous positions including Narcotics and In-vestigative Detective, Patrol Sergeant, and Lieutenant, until becoming Kodiak’s first fe-male Police Chief in 2013. Chief Wallace’s leadership by example, care for the community of Kodiak, and compassion for its citizens have come to define the Kodiak Police Department. During her career she has gotten countless drugs off our streets, solved homicides, worked tirelessly to help women and children who are victims of abuse and as-saults, and consistently raised the bar for pro-fessional police work. And, like all true lead-ers, her shining example will continue through the legacy she has created in Kodiak and the many people she has mentored, both within her police department and the community at large. Throughout her 20-year career she has dis-played the highest possible standards of po-lice work, and is an inspiration to future gen-erations of law enforcement professionals and public servants. I greatly appreciate and ad-mire her selfless dedication to Kodiak, to her fellow citizens, to our great State of Alaska, and to our Nation as a whole through her co-operation with the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation and the Coast Guard Investigative Service. Therefore, it gives me distinct pleasure to honor Chief Wallace today, and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Ronda and wishing her continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.006 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE545 April 26, 2018 
ALEXANDER OLSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Alexander Olson for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Alexander Olson is a student at Drake Mid-dle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Alexander Olson is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Alexander Olson for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF VULCRAFT GRAPELAND 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the fiftieth anniversary of the Nucor Corporation’s Vulcraft Steel Plant in Grapeland, Texas. In 1946, a small steel fabrication company, the Vulcraft Corporation, was founded in Flor-ence, South Carolina. For sixteen years, the company grew and prospered, ultimately transforming into an exclusive manufacturer of steel span joints, before the Nuclear Corpora-tion, a company tracing its roots to the founder of Oldsmobile, purchased its facilities in 1962. After expanding its steel manufacturing op-erations to facilities in Nebraska and Alabama, Nucor, previously known as the Nuclear Cor-poration, made its move to the Lone Star State on April 1, 1968, when it opened a fourth steel plant in Grapeland, Texas. With this foundation, Vulcraft’s operations expanded to three additional states and two production facilities in Canada. Despite experi-encing such massive growth and success in business, Vulcraft maintained its high levels of customer satisfaction and standards of excel-lence. In fact, Vulcraft is known worldwide for exceptional safety standards, high-quality steel products it manufactures, and the commitment it has made to producing environmentally friendly products. Look no further than Vulcraft’s Grapeland facility for proof that the company is dedicated to serving its customers and its employees. Since its foundation in 1968, Vulcraft Grapeland has tripled in size, and it continues to serve as a beacon of success and excel-lence in our community. Notably, Vulcraft and its parent company, Nucor, are now looking to use their years of experience, successful business practices, and high standing in the steel industry to ad-vocate for free trade policies and the safety of men and women in the workplace. On April 1, 2018, Vulcraft celebrated the fif-tieth anniversary of its plant in Grapeland. I am proud to join the men and woman of Vulcraft, and the entire Eighth District of Texas to recognize this significant mile-marker and their continued success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SIERRA PA-CIFIC HS GIRLS BASKETBALL TEAM 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Sierra Pacific High School Golden Bears Girls Basketball Team for their victory as California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) Division V Basketball Champions. The Golden Bears of Hanford, California de-feated Lowell High School of San Francisco, California by a margin of 52–26 at the Golden 1 Center in Sacramento, California. Their vic-tory capped a 32–5 overall record for the 2017–2018 season. Starting varsity play in 2011, Sierra Pacific’s basketball program quickly evolved from the upstart to champions. This season, the Golden Bears were undefeated both at home and in East Sequoia League play. Led by Head Coach Amy Bush and Assist-ant Coaches Heather Brasil and Victor Chavarin, Jr., Sierra Pacific High School was proudly represented by Cristina Avila, Haley Bettencourt, Kylie Brasil, Kalea Bush, Arianna Chavarin, Ciana Gonzales, Hailey Leslie, Ce-leste Lewis, Rose Miller, Alana Roberts, Kaylie Rocha, Annabelle Saavedra, Janae Tolbert, and Savannah Torres. I further congratulate players Kalea Bush, Haley Bettencourt, and Alana Roberts for their terrific performance this season. By the con-clusion of the season, Miss Bush became the all-time leading scorer for the Golden Bears, earning 1,099 points. Miss Bettencourt, who is the second all-time leading scorer for Sierra Pacific, was awarded the Pursuing Victory with Honor Award for her performance and sportsmanship during the State Championship game. In the Championship game, Miss Roberts led Sierra Pacific in both scoring and re-bounds, collecting twenty points and twelve re-bounds. The success of the ladies of Sierra Pacific High School is an inspiration to our Central Valley community, their victory is a testament to the bonds of sportsmanship, dedication, and camaraderie. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the players and coaches of Sierra Pacific High School Golden Bears Girls Basketball Team for their terrific athletic achievement during their 2017–2018 season. CONGRATULATING LINDSEY JENSEN HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lindsey Jensen, who was named the 2018 Illinois Teacher of the Year. Mrs. Jensen began her teaching career 12 years ago, and her positive spirit and passion for education has profoundly impacted countless lives across our community. As an English teacher at Dwight Township High School for the last 10 years, Mrs. Jensen has continually demonstrated her passion for teaching and her commitment to serving stu-dents, her colleagues, and her community. High School is such a pivotal and exciting time for students, especially as they prepare them-selves for their next steps. These young adults need teachers like Mrs. Jensen who can in-spire them, motivate them, and push them to reach their full potential. Colleagues of Mrs. Jensen have described her as an educator who radiates with infec-tious positivity, saying she is more than a teacher of English, but rather a teacher of the people. As the son of a public-school teacher, I know the importance of having passionate and creative teachers in the classroom, and I know how important a good education is to giving a student hope and opportunity for a brighter future. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 16th District of Illinois, I wish to express our sincere gratitude to Mrs. Jensen for her dedicated service to our students and the Dwight community. It is my honor to congratulate Mrs. Jensen on this much deserved recognition as the 2018 Illinois Teacher of the Year, and we are truly proud to have this exemplary educator representing our community. 
f 
DAIMON OSWALT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Daimon Oswalt for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Daimon Oswalt is a student at Wayne Carle Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Daimon Oswalt is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Daimon Oswalt for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.008 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE546 April 26, 2018 
IN APPRECIATION OF MAURI GRAY’S WORK WITH THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, today, as Rank-ing Member of the Committee on the Judici-ary, I join with Representative S
HEILA JACKSON  L
EE, Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, in expressing our appreciation for Mauri Gray’s work with the Committee over the past two years. Mauri came to us as a detailee from the Ad-ministrative Office of the U.S. Courts, having worked for nearly six years as an Assistant Federal Public Defender in Puerto Rico , rep-resenting indigent clients in federal criminal cases. Prior to starting her career as a public defender, Mauri attended the University of Florida and the University of Georgia School of Law. At the conclusion of her detail to the Com-mittee, she will be resuming her work, moving to the Federal Defender’s office in Phoenix, Arizona. As counsel to the Committee’s Democrats, Mauri provided indispensable analysis and ad-vice concerning oversight hearings and a wide range of proposed legislation, including var-ious child protection bills, legislation to .combat opioid abuse, proposals to fight online sex trafficking, legislation concerning arrest authority of federal law enforcement officers, and bills concerning federal benefits for those with criminal records. Often, her counsel helped Members defeat or improve bills in-tended to inappropriately expand the scope of federal criminal law or to impose unjust pen-alties. As the Committee has engaged in the be-ginnings of an initiative to reform our criminal justice system, Mauri’s experience as a fed-eral defender has informed our legislative ef-forts. She has helped us examine and prepare legislation to improve our sentencing laws as well as legislation to reform various aspects of federal prisons. We have appreciated and benefited from Mauri’s energy, enthusiasm, and insight over the past two years, during which she became an integral part of our team. We will miss her. We thank Mauri for her selfless service to the Committee, and we wish her the best as she continues her career. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE BICENTENNIAL OF SANDUSKY, OHIO 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize an important milestone in the life of one of the communities in my district. Sandusky Ohio celebrates it’s bicentennial in the coming days, highlighted by a ball on Saturday April 28, 2018. Founded two hundred years ago in 1818, Sandusky was developed near the town of Portland, which it soon overtook. According to history, part of the city was built on ‘‘land for-merly occupied by a Native American man named Ogontz. Thus, the city is said to have been built upon ‘Ogontz’ place.’ ’’ The name ‘‘Sandusky’’ was taken from the Native Amer-ican Wyandot word for ‘‘water.’’ In fact, San-dusky sits on the Western Basin of Lake Erie. As a result of its location on the Lake, Sandusky’s population grew quickly. It was one of Ohio’s first major ports and was ‘‘an original terminus for the Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad. Chartered by the state legisla-ture in 1832 and envisioned to run between Sandusky and Dayton to the southwest, the Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad was the first rail line located entirely in Ohio’’ when Sandusky was the site of its ground breaking on September 17, 1835. The State of Ohio established Erie County in 1838 and set Sandusky as the county seat. Charles Dickens, who visited Sandusky in 1842, wrote this about the city in his travel-ogue American Notes: ‘‘At two o’clock we took the railroad; the travelling-on which was very slow, its construction being indifferent, and the ground wet and marshy; and arrived at San-dusky in time to dine that evening. We put up at a comfortable little hotel on the brink of Lake Erie, lay there that night, and had no choice but to wait there next day, until a steamboat bound for Buffalo appeared. The town, which was sluggish and uninteresting enough, was something like the back of an English watering-place out of the season.’’ However, the town soon grew and by 1846 Sandusky had become an economic hub, with its port and two railroads. According to the his-tory, about three thousand people lived in Sandusky and were served by ‘‘numerous stores, two printing offices, two machine shops, two banks, six churches, one high school, and several iron furnaces.’’ The city’s downtown was laid out similar to the pattern in our nation’s Capital. Sandusky was a critical stop on the Under-ground Railroad. Many fugitive slaves who sought freedom in Canada boarded a boat in Sandusky to cross Lake Erie into Ontario. They were assisted in their journeys by a strong network of residents. The history notes that by 1880, ‘‘Sandusky’s population had reached almost sixteen thou-sand residents. This much larger population resulted in an increasing number of social in-stitutions, including twenty churches and three newspapers. The community also became more economically diverse, with at least twen-ty-nine businesses with ten or more employ-ees. Among the items that Sandusky busi-nesses produced were lime, railroad loco-motives and cars, carriages, wheels, crayons, chalk, beer, paper, baskets, and tools. In 1886, residents boasted that they were the leading manufacturers of wooden wheels in the United States. That same year, Sandusky was home to the Ohio Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Home and the Ohio State Fish Hatchery.’’ Sandusky continued to grow and develop through the Twentieth Century. Today, San-dusky is known for its tourism: its beaches, boating and fishing, parkland and Cedar Point. It is home for higher education for adults of all ages at the Firelands Campus of Bowling Green State University, a thriving arts commu-nity and the MerryGoRound Museum, the ac-tive Sanduky Chapter of the NAACP, historic religious institutions and many thriving busi-nesses. The. Ohio Veterans Home—one of only two in the state—continues to serve vet-erans. Its nearly 30,000 residents are mem-bers of a town that proudly celebrates its his-tory while looking toward its future. f 
DANTE PADRO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Dante Padro for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Dante Padro is a student at Arvada K–8 and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Dante Padro is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Dante Padro for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF SANFORD M. SAUNDERS, JR. 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the life of Mr. Sanford M. Saunders, Jr., whom we lost too soon at the age of 59. A constituent of McLean, Virginia, Sandy is survived by his wife of nearly 22 years, Beth Saunders and predeceased by his parents, Eugene and Pau-lette David. Sandy was loved immensely, sharing a spe-cial bond with his wife, Beth that came from his great heart and genuine nature. They had similar personalities and together sought the adventures of life, year after year finding the treasures of the world. Love is not an easy feeling to put in words but with Sandy, his love for Beth was revolutionary and he devoted himself to her. Sandy carried a joyous spirit throughout this world and always shared it unto others. He will be remembered affectionately as the ‘‘Sand- man.’’ A name given unto him to fit his calm and comforting personality. He was a sup-portive uncle and the oldest cousin among all family members. His wisdom and humor pre-vailed in every conversation. Above all passions, Sandy was enthusiastic about serving people. With over thirty years of representing his clients, Sandy every day pledged to arm them in his work. From a young age, Sandy understood the importance of a good education. He received his J.D., Cum Laude, from Georgetown Uni-versity Law Center in 1983 and his B.A., with honors, from Johns Hopkins University in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.010 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE547 April 26, 2018 
1980. In addition to his time practicing law, Sandy also served as a Visiting Fellow at George Mason University’s Center on Ter-rorism, Transnational Crime and Corruption, imparting his decades of wisdom in these fields to the next generations. Sandy deeply loved life and this was clear to all those around him. Psalms 34:22 speaks, ‘‘The Lord redeems the souls of his servants; none of those who take refuge in Him will be condemned. The dust returns to the earth as it was, but the spirit returns to God who gave it.’’ Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring the extraordinary life of Mr. Sanford Saunders, Jr., and I ask that my colleagues join me in offering our deepest condolences to the Saunders family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BLUE VALLEY NORTHWEST TEAM 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the team from Blue Valley North-west High School in Overland Park, Kansas that is representing our state this weekend at the 31st Annual We the People National Finals academic competition. The We the People program is a civics edu-cation course that teaches K–12 students around the country about the U.S. Constitu-tion. Each year, this program culminates in a national competition, in which state champion teams come to Washington, D.C. to test their constitutional knowledge against other stu-dents from around the country. This will be Blue Valley Northwest’s seventh year in a row as the Kansas champion, rep-resenting our state in the We the People na-tional competition. Under the leadership of teacher Ken Thomas, they have earned the state title in nine out the last ten years. This is a remarkable achievement and a testament to the dedication of Blue Valley Northwest stu-dents and Mr. Thomas to learning about our nation’s Constitution. I applaud the Blue Valley Northwest team for this achievement, and I welcome them to our nation’s Capital. Good luck to them in the competition, and go Huskies. 
f 
ANDREAS JERMAINE PEREA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Andreas Jermaine Perea for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Andreas Jermaine Perea is a student at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Andreas Jermaine Perea is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Andreas Jermaine Perea for winning the Ar-vada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MARY I. GREGORY 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the life of a remarkable woman. Mary Gregory passed from this life on April 2, 2018. Her friends and family will gather this week to remember and honor her. Mary Gregory was born to Louise and Rich-ard Booker in Marion Indiana in 1930. Though they lived in town, the family owned a farm and Mary participated in its daily operation. She regularly attended the Methodist Church. Surely, Mary’s faith and discipline were in-stilled at an early age. Some of her family left for work in Toledo and eventually the rest of the family, including Mary, joined them. Her mother established a beauty salon, one of the first African American owned salons in Toledo. After graduating from Libbey High School, Mary was at first unable to pursue a nursing degree as she had chosen, because no nurs-ing schools would admit an African American. In 1947 she was admitted into the St. Vincent School of Nursing and was the first African American to do so. She graduated in 1951, married Raymond Gregory, and together they raised a family of four children. Mary contin-ued her education, completing her Masters of Education, Community Health and Administra-tion Degree from the University of Toledo. She went on to a 47 year career at St. Vincent Hospital. Mary Gregory’s tenure at St. Vincent’s was writ large. Beginning in the Emergency Room, she later was an operating room staff nurse. Then Mary really established herself. She in-structed and trained students as surgical tech-nicians for twenty years. During this time she developed a ‘‘patient centered’’ curriculum and initiated a two year Surgical Tech training pro-gram. The program was so successful it was transferred to Lawrence Tech so that it could grow and was replicated in other places. Mary also supervised the St. Vincent Sickle Cell Free Testing and Education Program provided to Toledo’s African American community. She even wrote the grants to fund this service. It was through her position as Manager of Health Promotions that Mary Gregory indelibly stamped her imprimatur on St. Vincent and the Toledo community. She developed free community health screenings and education, going out into the neighborhoods, migrant camps, and other underserved areas. She met the people where they were, at community events, shopping centers and health fairs. She talked to all people, especially those whose health and well-being were disproportionately addressed. Mary Gregory became the face of health promotion for many and fought to elimi-nate disparities in health care availability and accessibility. At the same time her career progressed at St. Vincent Hospital, Mary Gregory served our community in many ways, committed to com-munity health. She was a member of the To-ledo-Lucas County Board of Health, the To-ledo HIV-AIDS Task Force, and the Ohio Commission on Minority Health. Mary was a co-founder of the Toledo Council of Black Nurses, serving as its first president. Addition-ally, Mary started a caregiver service at War-ren AME Church, implemented health screenings at Toledo Public Schools, worked through the organizations of which she was a member to provide cancer, diabetes, and heart disease screenings, lupus support serv-ices, and smoking cessation help as part of April’s Minority Health Month, and she was an Ambassador for the American Heart Associa-tion. Mary Gregory used her time and talents for the benefit of others. Through her efforts our community was compassionate, and our most vulnerable neighbors were ministered to in many ways. She lived Christ’s message of Love. Surely at her homegoing, she was greeted as in Matthew 25:23, ‘‘Well done, thou good and faithful servant.’’ To Mary Gregory’s family and friends, we offer our condolences. We hope they find comfort in shared memories and the gift of her life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to highlight the value and im-portance of international students in the United States. I am fortunate enough to represent nu-merous colleges and universities in my district. I have a deep appreciation for the important role these institutions play in providing oppor-tunities for students around the globe. The University of Illinois at Urbana-Cham-paign, the largest university in my district, en-rolls over 10,000 international students from 122 different countries. Illinois State University boasts students from 67 countries and South-ern Illinois University Edwardsville has 325 international students from 50 countries. I am proud to represent institutions like these that welcome the world’s brightest learn-ers. I believe that today’s students become to-morrow’s leaders. The former presidents of both Ecuador and the Philippines earned doc-torate degrees from universities in my district, and I know that presidents and prime min-isters all over the world have earned their col-lege degrees right here in the United States. Welcoming international students and schol-ars strengthens our diplomatic ties with coun-tries across the globe and contributes signifi-cantly to national security and to our economy. International students are vital to our nation’s fabric. Through the exchange of ideals, lan-guages, and cultures, diplomacy is strength-ened and ourworld is made a better place. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.012 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE548 April 26, 2018 
RICHARD (RICHIE) PRUETT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Richard (Richie) Pruett for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Richie Pruett is a student at The Manning School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Richie Pruett is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Richie Pruett for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing Roll Call votes held on April 26, 2018, I was inescapably detained handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted YES on the amendment proposed by Rep. D
EFAZIO (42), NO on the Amendment proposed by Rep. R
OHRABACHER (60), NO on the Amendment proposed by Rep. K
ING(IA) (63), NO on the Amendment proposed by Rep. L
IPINSKI (78), NO on the Amendment proposed by Rep. D
ENHAM (79), YES on the Amendment proposed by Rep. L
YNCH (87), and YES on H.R. 4744. 
f 
PENNSYLVANIA’S 14TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT ART COMPETI-TION 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the ar-tistic ability of a young woman from my con-gressional district, Haley Peretic from Corner-stone Christian Preparatory Academy. Ms. Peretic is the winner of the 2018 14th Con-gressional District of Pennsylvania’s High School Art Competition, ‘‘An Artistic Dis-covery.’’ Ms. Peretic’s artwork, a drawing in colored pencil and marker entitled ‘‘Happy Heart,’’ was selected from a number of out-standing entries in this year’s competition. In fact, 90 works from 19 different schools in Pennsylvania’s 14th Congressional District were submitted to our panel of respected local artists. It’s a real tribute to Ms. Haley’s skill and vi-sion that her work was chosen as the winner of this year’s competition. I should add that Haley won fourth place in the competition last year for her pencil and colored pencil drawing entitled ‘‘Every Day People.’’ Ms. Peretic’s art-work will represent the 14th Congressional District of Pennsylvania in the national exhibit of high school students’ artwork that will be displayed in the United States Capitol over the coming year. I encourage my colleagues as well as any visitor to Capitol Hill to view Ms. Peretic’ s art-work, along with the winning entries from the high school art contests held in other congres-sional districts, which will be on display in the Capitol tunnel. It is amazing to walk through this corridor and see the interpretation of life through the eyes of these young artists from all across our country. Laurel Black from Springdale High School was awarded second place for her oil painting ‘‘Sweet Innocence.’’ Derek Kotecki from Bald-win High School received third place for his charcoal reduction drawing entitled ‘‘Self.’’ Ra-chel Simcic from Springdale High School was awarded fourth place for her composition in-volving mixed media, digital art, and markers entitled ‘‘Thief,’’ and Taylor Rebyanski from Westinghouse Arts Academy, was awarded fifth place for her colored pencil drawing ‘‘Iris.’’ In addition, Honorable Mention Awards were presented to works by Summer Bernotas from Baldwin High School, Nicole Ellwood from East Allegheny High School, Julia Conway from Gateway High School, Erin Douglass from Gateway High School, Aliza Hamid from Gateway High School, Shaina McKinney from Gateway High School, Anwitha Sherigar from Gateway High School, Jennifer Gustafson from Highlands High School, Sophie Gatesman from Oakland Catholic High School, Madison Pastore from South Allegheny High School, Kathleen Marsili from Springdale High School, and Sophia Lebiere from Winchester Thurston School. I would like to recognize all of the partici-pants in this year’s 14th Congressional District High School Art Competition: Summer Bernotas, Morgan Bell, Meghan Bradley, Brian Genovesi, Derek Kotecki, and Tina Odato from Baldwin High School; Sam Chickini from Carlynton High School; Haley Peretic from Cornerstone Christian Preparatory Academy; Larrissa Bloom, Nicole Ellwood, Makenzie Freed-DePastino, Marissa Riggs, and Taya Tassone from East Allegheny High School; Kiera Harrell-Danks, Emma M. Harvey, Alexis Kentebe, Calista Martin-Singer, Lowrie Woodside, and Chiara Zuccoli from The Ellis School; Julia Conway, Erin Douglass, Aliza Hamid, Shaina McKinney, Ava Parker, and Anwitha Sherigar from Gateway High School; Maddie Cincala, Erik Frantz, and Jennifer Gustafson from Highlands High School; Kira Blenk, Claire Ishiyama, Madelyn Largent, and Emma Miller from Northgate High School; Sophie Gatesman, Noelle Pina, Giovanna Tatananni, Juliia Vrabel, and Angela Zenchak from Oakland Catholic High School; Sarah Artuhevich, Skye Cato, Kylie Meyer, Elizabeth Szurszewski, Mia Walker, and Dania Zaynullin from Penn Hills High School; Eva Curlee, Alli-son Patton, and Sydney Reyes from Riverview High School; Isabelle Analo from Shadyside Academy; Arianah Bellamy, Kourtnee Duval, Macy Kelly Ernst, Madison Pastore, Robert Nesky, and Morgan Templeton from South Al-legheny High School; Laurel Black, Patricia Linderman, Kathleen Marsili, Alicia Matthews, Rachel Selzer, and Rachel Simcic from Springdale High School; Ashton Bowler, Reonna Collington, Renae Darcy, Alexus Frazee, and Alexis Sekinger from Sto-Rox High School; Jenny Rohach from West Mifflin High School; Caden Ferita, Anaeja Halliburton, Angelina Kukic, Alyssa Marchbank, Taylor Rebyanski, Pheobe Elise Richardson, and Alli-son Riley from Westinghouse Arts Academy; Yixin Allison Cai, Maya Husni, Sophia Labiere, Rivers Leche, and Isel Pollock from the Win-chester Thurston School; and Mariah Faith Smith, Juliette Gough, Andre Hilliard, Colleen Malecki, and Erin Reichert from Woodland Hills High School. I would like to thank these impressive young artists for allowing us to share and celebrate their talent, imagination, and creativity. The ef-forts these talented students have put into ex-pressing themselves in a powerful and positive manner are deeply inspiring. I hope that all of them will continue to utilize their artistic talents, and I wish them all great success in their future endeavors. f 
MARCUS SMALE-SCHEMMEL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Marcus Smale-Schemmel for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Marcus Smale-Schemmel is a student at Ar-vada K–8 and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Marcus Smale-Schemmel is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Marcus Smale-Schemmel for winning the Ar-vada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THEODORE ‘‘TED’’ VAN DER MEID 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to honor and remember the life of Theo-dore ‘‘Ted’’ Van Der Meid. A dedicated public servant here in the House of Representatives, Ted will be greatly missed by his former col-leagues and friends. Born in Rochester, New York in 1957, Ted displayed natural leadership qualities at a young age. During his high school years, Ted traveled to Western Europe as part of the People to People Student Ambassador Pro-gram, which exposed him to cultures and gov-ernments veiled by Russian influence during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.012 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE549 April 26, 2018 
the Cold War. These experiences taught him the importance of coalition building and the interconnectedness of humanity; lessons he carried with himself into his professional life on Capitol Hill. Ted committed his life to service and was known throughout the halls of Congress for his compassion, leadership, and his pragmatic ap-proach to politics. Ted was a trusted advisor to numerous members of Congress, including former House Republican Leader Bob Michel, of Illinois, Representative Nancy Johnson, of Connecticut, and, ultimately, the 51st Speaker of the House. Ted’s most enduring physical legacy in the U.S. Capitol is the Capitol Visitors Center, which enhances the visitor experience for three to five million visitors a year. From his position in the Speaker’s office, Ted played an instrumental role in the completion of the building, which was created in the wake of the Capitol shooting in 1998 and the terrorist at-tacks in 2001. The Capitol Visitors Center safeguards millions of visitors every year and will remain a lasting memory of Ted’s abilities. His ability to build consensus, combined with the care and compassion he had for those around him, made its completion possible. We mourn the passing of Ted Van Der Meid, a friend and colleague to many. He left a lasting impact on those who had the pleas-ure of working with him and his memory will be forever entwined in the fabric of the Cap-itol. 
f 
HONORING MR. KENNETH L. TUCKEY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Mr. Kenneth L. Tuckey, who is receiving the Cumberland County Friends of Scouting Award. I know I will be neither the first, nor the last, to applaud Mr. Tuckey for this well-deserved honor. The Friends of Scouting Award is given to individuals who have shown exceptional sup-port for their local Boy Scouts of America pro-grams. Cumberland County’s division of Boy Scouts has chosen Mr. Tuckey as their hon-oree this year for his outstanding community service and his ambassadorship for the Boy Scouts. A lifelong resident of South Central Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Tuckey has long been a pillar of the Carlisle community. Throughout his storied ca-reer, he has helped his community both eco-nomically and through countless volunteer ventures. Mr. Tuckey owns and operates Tuckey Me-chanical Services, Inc., Tuckey Metal Fabrica-tors, Inc., and Tuckey Restorations, Inc. , and has led each of these companies to success. For instance, Tuckey Mechanical Services, Inc., just celebrated its 50th anniversary this year. He and his wife, Marsha, have two sons, Matthew and Nathan, who also work in the family businesses. Through his work, Mr. Tuckey has been integral in the revitalization and historic preservation of downtown Carlisle. Additionally, Mr. Tuckey contributes to his community as Board Chairman of the Univer-sity of Pittsburgh Medical Center Pinnacle- Carlisle’s Board of Directors, and serves on many other non-profit boards, such as the Cumberland County Economic Development Corporation, the Cumberland County Industrial Development Authority, and the Pennsylvania State Workforce Investment Board. I believe we can all take a cue from Mr. Tuckey’s inspiring story and his personal motto of ‘‘service above self,’’ as a guiding principle. This award is proof that hard work and quality service do not go unnoticed, and that a positive impact on the region is widely recognized. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Mr. Tuckey for all he has done and continues to do for the Carlisle community and congratu-late him on receiving the Cumberland County Friends of Scouting Award. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 153, on passage of H.R. 3144, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
PETE YAZZIE-RODRIGUEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Pete Yazzie- Rodriguez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Pete Yazzie-Rodriguez is a student at Ar-vada West High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Pete Yazzie-Rodriguez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Pete Yazzie-Rodriguez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SHERIFF JOHN R. GOSSAGE 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. John R. Gossage’s 31 years of service in law enforcement, including two terms as Brown County sheriff, and the suc-cessful legacy he leaves as Brown County’s top law enforcement officer. Sheriff Gossage’s long and reputable career includes many pro-fessional accomplishments that reflect the cal-iber of his leadership and service. Sheriff Gossage joined the police depart-ment in May 1987 and proved himself a nat-ural leader. He worked hard and steadily rose in the department as he mastered numerous life-saving skills from law enforcement oper-ations to public-safety issues. He became the chief deputy under former sheriff Dennis Kocken’s administration, and quickly received the endorsements of Mr. Kocken and other previous sheriffs in his campaign for county leadership. Sheriff Gossage has served with distinction in what he calls ‘‘the finest law enforcement agency in the nation.’’ Brown County is the oldest sheriff’s office in Wisconsin, but Sheriff Gossage has faced many challenging cases throughout his tenure. Nevertheless, he has provided steady leadership during times of change and supported his department while protecting Northeast Wisconsin communities. The historic Brown County sheriff’s office, Mr. Gossage once observed, is much like the Green Bay Packers—a local institution rich with traditions, achievements, and pride. There is no doubt that Sheriff Gossage will be missed by the officers who worked and served with him, the county officials who depended on him, and members of the communities he helped keep safe. As Sheriff Gossage steps down to pursue other opportunities, I have no doubt that he will continue to serve well. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in commending Mr. Gossage for his service as sheriff and his long career protecting the great state of Wisconsin. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF JOSEPH P. SILVA 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Joseph Silva, a resident of New Bedford, Massachusetts, who turned 100 years young on Thursday, April 12th. Joseph has dedicated his life to serving his community and country. In World War II he was drafted into the U.S. Army, serving two years in North Africa and another in Italy. Dur-ing his service, Joseph attained the rank of staff sergeant for the 22nd Quarter Master Battalion, Company A. Upon returning home, Joseph joined the New Bedford Fire Department, and remains the first and only Cape Verdean to achieve the rank of deputy chief. Joseph served at the Fire Department for thirty-six years, where he rou-tinely encouraged other Cape Verdeans to apply, even inviting them into his home to study for the firefighter’s exam. On his days off he worked as a longshoreman for nineteen years. In 1950, Joseph married Julia Barros. The two would go on to have two daughters to-gether and today Joseph is a proud grand-father. Joseph has remained active in his community, receiving the Marian Medal from the Dioceses of Fall River for his dedicated service, and serving on his church’s Building and maintenance Committee until just five years ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.018 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE550 April 26, 2018 
Mr. Silva’s children and grandchildren speak incredibly highly of him, noting the value he placed on education, as well as the impor-tance of listening and understanding. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Joseph Silva on this joyous occasion of his 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing him many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
CALEB STOCKTON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Caleb Stock-ton for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Caleb Stockton is a student at Mandalay Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Caleb Stockton is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Caleb Stockton for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF FORMER FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES— BARBARA BUSH 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize, Barbara Bush, the former First Lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993. Barbara Bush was the only woman besides Abigail Adams to serve her country as both a wife and a mother to a president of the United States. However, her service to her country did not end there. She also dedicated her life to literacy efforts through the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy. Mrs. Bush, a dedicated wife and mother, committed her life to her family and commu-nity. Early on in her life she volunteered at YMCA and United Way and actively partici-pated in her husband’s campaigns. When her husband became U.S. ambassador to the United Nations and Chief of the U.S. Liaison Office in the People’s Republic of China, her time entertaining foreign dignitaries and trav-eling abroad to China gave her the experience and popularity that only rose when she began to represent the United States as the wife of the Vice President of the United States in the early 80s. As the wife of the Vice President, Mrs. Bush found her passion in literacy and started to dedicate her life to supporting the cause. When her husband became President, she dedicated her life to supporting literacy efforts, and it was during this time that she started her non-profit, the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy. Once her husband left office and moved back to Texas, she continued to devote her life to her non-profit and later served as an ambassador-at-large for AmeriCares. Today, I honor former First Lady Barbara Bush for her commitment to literacy efforts for children across the United States and her grace, poise, and leadership as she supported her husband and, later, her son in leading the United States. f 
HONORING UAPB’S GOLDEN LION BATTALION 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Uni-versity of Arkansas at Pine Bluff’s historic ROTC officer program. In 1968, the United States Department of the Army began holding classes under the Re-serve Officers Training Corp at the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff. Since the establish-ment of the Golden Lion Battalion, more than 500 Army officers have received their commis-sion. Students here learn many skills including teamwork, critical thinking, leadership theory, time management, and problem solving mak-ing them effective leaders in our Armed Forces. I take this time to thank the alumni of the Golden Lion Battalion for their years of serv-ice, and for their continued commitment to training the next generation of leaders enrolled in the ROTC program at the University of Ar-kansas at Pine Bluff. 
f 
JOSE VILLEGAS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jose Villegas for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jose Villegas is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jose Villegas is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jose Villegas for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. RECOGNIZING ALLIE INGALLS HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Allie Ingalls from Royal Oak High School. I met Allie last week at a rally in Royal Oak as part of the student led National School Walkout. Allie is a senior and one of the stu-dent leaders in her school and community. I was so impressed with her courage and the passion with which she delivered her remarks that I wanted to share her speech with my col-leagues. Therefore, I include in the R
ECORD  the remarks of Allie Ingalls: 
It is 5:30 AM. I have an hour before I need to wake up for school. But instead of sleep-ing, my body is shaking and I am sure I’m about to throw up. But this isn’t new. I have had this nightmare before. Always in the same place in the hallway, leaving a class I’m not sure I even have. And I try to run. But we all know you cannot outrun a bullet. Do not tell me it is not about guns. Do not tell me it is not about guns, when it is not a face I see in my nightmares, but a trigger. Do not tell me it is not about guns, when middle schoolers tell me they’re afraid of high school because we carry backpacks. Where a gun can be hidden. Our fears are not unprecedented. Shootings that have occurred on school grounds in 2018. Winston Salem, North Carolina. Italy, Texas. Benton, Ken-tucky. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Los An-geles, California. Oxon Hill, Maryland. Nash-ville, Tennessee. Parkland, Florida. Savan-nah, Georgia. Itta Bena, Mississippi. Norfolk, Virginia. Mount Pleasant, Michigan. Jack-son, Mississippi. Birmingham, Alabama. Mo-bile, Alabama. Seaside, California. Lex-ington Park, Maryland. We are four months into 2018. The only thing this is about, is guns. I do not want clear backpacks. I do not want my teachers to carry a gun. I do not want bulletproof desks. I do not want to be taught the difference between the sound a firework makes, and the sound a gun makes. I want common sense gun control. I want to go to school, without wearing a bulletproof vest. I want Helena Ramsey in a classroom today. I want Peter Wang in a classroom today. I want Luke Hoyer in a classroom today. I want Charlotte Bacon to celebrate her eleventh birthday. I want Noah Penzer to see his sister again. I want Olivia Engel to go to dance class today. But their voices have been silenced, the only thing our politicians hear is the NRA. We live in a generation where a dollar has more of a voice, than the 16 million people who sit in a classroom. Today, I stand here for the 16 million people who have been silenced by the adults who are in a position to make change. Every single student in the United States is my class-mate. Every single teacher in the United States is my teacher. In the wise words of Parkland survivor Michelle Lapidot ‘‘Was the blood of my classmates and teachers worth your NRA blood money?’’ To the adults who have failed us, to the politicians who have made it clear where their loyalty stands, to the Royal Oak School Board, to the individuals who have called us ‘‘nitwits,’’ among other names, I would like to personally thank you. Thank you for empowering me. Thank you for prov-ing what we already knew, we are the change. We are the people who will vote them out. We are the generation who will put our children first. We are the generation on the right side of history. You have all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.022 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE551 April 26, 2018 
proved that we live in a society where the adults are compliant while the youth rise in resistance. To the adults who have stood up with us, to my teachers who have encouraged me to use my strong voice, to Gabby, you have helped create a generation that is unstoppable. You have given us the tools to be louder than the NRA, you given us the tools to be what this country needs. With that, to all my peers, WE ARE VIC-TIMS, WE ARE STUDENTS, WE ARE CHANGE. Soon we will all be armed with something much stronger than an AR–15: Our voter cards. Our ballots are stronger than their bullets. To everyone eligible, arm yourself today. Register to vote. To those who are not, your voice is just as powerful, our politicians represent all of us. Write your reps, call your reps, become so per-sistent they know your name, write letters till your fingers bleed. Our voices will no longer be silenced. Make way for the youth. Because we’re coming, and we will not be quiet. 
Allie Ingalls is just one of the thousands of young people throughout my district and our country who have stood up and said ‘‘Enough is Enough.’’ Mr. Speaker, we must stand with these students and their allies who demand solutions to ending gun violence. We as lead-ers must do better by our young people. We as a Congress must act now. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Allie Ingalls. I wish her the best of luck in all her future endeavors and have no doubt we will be hearing more from her in the future. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 200TH ANNI-VERSARY OF LIBBEY GLASS COMPANY 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an achievement few American com-panies have attained: the 200th anniversary celebration of Libbey, a glass manufacturer in Toledo, Ohio. In fact, the company’s legacy gave rise to Toledo’s designation as ‘‘the glass capital of the world.’’ In 1818, the New England Glass Company was started in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Through successive generations including his father before him, Edward Drummond Libbey became the company’s president in 1880. In 1888, the company’s 70th year of operation, after studying a location for a move and noting the fine silica sand and natural gas qualities of the region, Mr. Libbey moved the entire plant—along with many of its skilled trades-men and workers—to Toledo. In 1892, the company was renamed the Libbey Glass Company. The Libbey Glass Company pro-duced bottles, containers, window glass and was best known for its cut glass . Always a visionary, Edward Drummond Libbey obtained the exclusive right to build and operate a glass factory at the 1893 world’s fair in Chicago. Michael J. Owens, a skilled blower and inventive wonder who came to the plant as it arrived in Toledo, managed the World’s Fair factory. Guests could tour the factory, watching the tradesmen and produc-tion of blown, cut and etched glass pieces, and purchase such pieces in a gift shop. The exhibition put the Libbey Glass Company on the world stage so that the company and its products were widely known and valued. The success of the Libbey Glass Company was due in significant part to the inventions of Michael J. Owens. In 1903, he invented an automatic bottling machine, revolutionizing the industry and lauded as the ‘‘most important in-vention since the blowpipe 2,000 years ear-lier.’’ In 1904, a machine was developed to automatically produce light bulbs. That same year, Libbey Glass Company was featured at the 1904 World’s Fair where an amazing 25 inch cut glass punch bowl was showcased. In 1907, machine blown glass was made pos-sible. These inventions enabled Libbey and Owens to go on to found the Owens Bottle Machine Company (later Owens-Illinois) and the Libbey-Owens Sheet Glass Company (later Libbey-Owens-Ford) as the company produced windshields for automobiles. In 1935, Owens-Illinois purchased Libbey Glass. As the 1940 World’s Fair in New York ap-proached, Libbey Glass again dazzled the crowds. Michael J. Owens’ genius for inven-tion partnered with Edward Drummond Libbey’s incredible business acumen made the pair among ‘‘the greatest developers in the 20th century.’’ The Libbey Glass Company has been one of the largest glass manufacturers in the United States throughout its 200 years. Even as the original founders passed into history, the company continued remarkable progress. In 1970, a machine was developed to blow and press stemware in one piece, in 1989 the company invented the marbelique glassware process and in 1995, a computer controlled stemware blowing machine. Revolutionary techniques continue to the present day. Through the centuries Libbey has been a strong community partner. The company was responsive as a community leader and foundational investor in the revitalization of the farmers market complex in downtown Toledo, building a signature showroom as an anchor store. Libbey has even been a key partner in our annual Ninth Congressional District Art Competition. Intertwined and indelibly Toledo, Libbey will toast its 200 years with a reception and a per-formance by the Toledo Symphony Orchestra on Friday, May 4, 2018. The company will share its journey with our community even as it looks toward a bright future. As the oldest brand name and American table and decora-tive glassware in continued existence, Libbey—and Toledo—have a lasting legacy proudly shared. 
f 
ELIJAH WAGNER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Elijah Wagner for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Elijah Wagner is a student at Arvada K–8 and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Elijah Wag-ner is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Eli-jah Wagner for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. f 
FLORIDA’S 16TH DISTRICT CON-GRESSIONAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT AWARDS 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to law enforcement men and women who have provided distinctive service to the people of Florida’s 16th Congressional District. Law enforcement is a demanding profession that requires sacrifice, courage and a dedica-tion to serve others. Every day, brave men and women put themselves in harm’s way to enforce the laws of our society and protect public safety. They deserve our gratitude and respect. Seven years ago, I established the 16th Dis-trict Congressional Law Enforcement Awards, CLEA, to give special recognition to law en-forcement officers, departments, or units for exceptional achievement. This year, I will present congressional law enforcement awards to the following winners chosen by an independent panel comprised of current and retired law enforcement personnel representing a cross-section of the district’s law enforcement community: Ms. Carolyn Mason, a citizen affiliated with the Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office, will re-ceive the Associate Service Award. Lieutenant William Tracy of the Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office, Major John Baumann and Captain John F. Donovan of the Florida Highway Patrol, Detective David Tuck of the Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office and Sergeant Michael Kenyan of the Manatee County Sher-iff’s Office will receive the Career Service Award. Detective Frank Coleman of the City of Bra-denton Police Department, Trooper Kenneth Watson of the Florida Highway Patrol, Ser-geant Bruce King and Officer Chase Gloeckner of the City of Sarasota Police De-partment and Detective Joseph Petta of the Manatee County Sheriff’s Office will receive the Dedication and Professionalism Award. Deputy Willie Finklea of the Manatee Coun-ty Sheriff’s Office and Detective Ashley Lindeman of the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office will receive the Above and Beyond the Call of Duty Award. Trooper Gerry Smith of the Florida Highway Patrol, Sergeant Jeffrey Steiner, Officer Elise Schanley, Officer Derrick Gilbert, Officer Devin Epps, Officer Ronald Dixon, Officer Sean Gleason, Officer Kevin Sullivan, Sergeant An-thony Frangioni and Officer Bryan Lundstrom of the City of Sarasota Police Department, Deputy Efrain Taveras of the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office, Deputy Carmine Luper, Deputy Terry Blake, Deputy Timothy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.025 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE552 April 26, 2018 
Collins, Detective Dino Murges, Deputy Selina Sly and Deputy Jerod Wolfe of the Manatee County Sheriff’s Office will receive the Preser-vation of Life Award. Sergeant Shawn Johnson, Detective James Klay, Detective Eric Wedin, Detective Eric Ellis and Civilian Brook Buzzell of the Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office’s Digital Forensics Lab will receive the Unit Citation Award. Captain Jim Rieser, Captain (ret.) Kevin Stiff, Lieutenant Michael Schwieterman, Ser-geant Jaymi Delcos, Officer Clifton Bishop, Of-ficer David Dubendorf, Officer Dan Griesdorn, Officer Matthew Grochowski, Officer Matthew Kimball, Case Manager Krystal Frazier and Legal Advisor Joseph Polzak of the Sarasota Police Department’s Homeless Outreach team will receive the Unit Citation Award. Lieutenant Darin Bankert, Sergeant Karen DeVries, Detective Charles Butler, Detective Darryl Davis, Detective Daniel Dickerman, De-tective Benjamin Main and Detective Rabun Moss of the Manatee County Sheriff’s Office, Lieutenant Bob Bourque of the Longboat Key Police Department, Detective Chad Oyler of the Palmetto Police Department, Sergeant Brian Hall of the Holmes Beach Police Depart-ment, Sergeant Lenard Diaz of the Bradenton Beach Police Department and Detective James Curulla of the City of Bradenton Police Department will receive the Manatee Homicide Investigative Unit Citation Award. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CALEB KLEMAN 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an exemplary student from the 1st District of Iowa. I am pleased to announce that Caleb Kleman of Cedar Rapids, Iowa has been accepted to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York. Mr. Kleman is an outstanding student— ranking in the top 1 percent of Iowa Assess-ments each year of his high school career. In addition to awards such as Academic Numer-als, Academic Letter, and Academic Certifi-cate, he is recognized as an AP Scholar with distinction in his third year. Mr. Kleman’s aca-demic recognition is well deserved as he ranks 5th of 309 students in his class with a weighted GPA of 4.492 while enrolling in over ten advanced placement courses. Further developing his leadership skills, Mr. Kleman attained the position Vice President of the National Honor Society, Section Leader of Marching Band, and First Chair of both Jazz Band and Concert Band. His participation in the band as a first chair trumpet player for four years led to performances at All-State com-petitions. Serving as Captain of the Cross Country team, he developed skills identifying potential conflicts, problem solving, and team building. I have full confidence in Mr. Kleman’s ability to successfully pursue a degree in engineering while serving as a vital asset to the U.S. Army. IN RECOGNITION OF WILCOX PRIMARY SCHOOL HON. DAVID P. JOYCE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to acknowledge and congratulate Wilcox Primary School in Twinsburg, Ohio for being designated as a 2018 Hall of Fame School by the Ohio Association of Elementary School Administrators (OAESA). This award goes to exemplary educational programs that go above and beyond meeting the needs of students in elementary and middle level schools across the state. Wilcox Primary School perfectly fits that characterization. I think we can all agree, a child’s education is one of the most important aspects contributing to a child’s success in the future. Schools like Wilcox Primary School create a community that is both academic and fun for all students who go through there. They provide hands on education, while guaranteeing the state’s and nation’s highest standards. Special congratulations to Wilcox Primary School Principal Lynn Villa and her staff for their remarkable contribution to their students’ futures. The teachers, administrative leaders, and support staff all work together to make a safe and creative educational environment for their young students and their families. I am proud to have such impressive schools in Ohio’s 14th District. 
f 
IN MEMORIAM: JEAN DE VELLIS (1935–2018) 
HON. TOM O’HALLERAN 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, the passing of any person always brings dismay, sadness and the sense of permanent loss. Hence, it is difficult if not impossible to avoid these senti-ments when writing this tribute to a person like Jean de Vellis. For those of us who had the honor and privilege of knowing and working alongside him, Jean meant more than a sim-ple professor, more than a creative scientist, more than an outstanding colleague, more than just another boss. Jean was a fatherly and wise man who forever touched the heart end enlightened the minds of uncountable people during his 60 years of work and serv-ice for the advancement of science and the formation of researchers. His scholars, col-leagues, and friends will miss him deeply and we all share in the sadness of Jean’s wife Phyllis, and his children, Genevieve and Phil-ip. Meeting Jean was an adventure in itself. There was the contrast between the quick smile of recognition and a twinkle in the eyes when you encountered him, and the thoughtful pause before addressing a difficult problem. With his characteristic demeanor, Jean would face any crisis with a rare mix of optimism, foresight and acceptance that life deals both good and bad hands. He would always remind us that it is up to ourselves to move forward in front of adversity. This pragmatic optimism in his conduct always felt natural, magnetic, iridescent. Jean had limitless faith in people, believing in our capacity to surpass the unsurpassable, and to constantly remake our-selves into something better, greater and more powerful. He would encourage, support, praise and believe in the potential of people, espe-cially the young, and remarkably, those com-ing from dire socio-economic conditions. Jean’s energy was contagious and an endless reminder that we all have the seed in our-selves to bloom into beautiful flowers. Not sur-prisingly, Jean was an excellent and patient gardener. During his illustrious career, multiple soci-eties, institutes, and boards, including the American Society for Neurochemistry, the International Society for Neurochemistry, the Winter Brain Conference, the Institute for De-velopmental Neuroscience and Aging, the Christopher Reeve Paralysis Research Foun-dation, and the Mental Retardation Research Committee of the NICHD enjoyed from Jean’s keen mind and expert advice. Jean was an editor for the Journal of Neuroscience Re-search (JNR) from 1980 and Editor-in-Chief from 1999 until 2015, remaining as Editor- emeritus until his death. JNR was more than a scientific publication for Jean, it was part of his family. As editor-in-chief of JNR, he was exceptionally supportive of multiple meetings such as the International Conference on Brain Energy Metabolism series and was a strong advocate of special issues dedicated to en-compass broad areas of brain function. Jean was the Director of the Mental Retardation Re-search Center (now the Intellectual and Devel-opmental Disabilities Research Center) at UCLA, where he worked since immigrating to the U.S. in 1959 as a graduate student. He held the George Tarjan Chair in Mental Retar-dation at UCLA and was a Distinguished Pro-fessor in Neurobiology since 2004. For decades, Jean and his colleagues shared successes and failures, both profes-sionally and personally. Curiously partaking in the American dream and at the same time rooted to his French family and culture, he un-derstood very well the global citizenship shared by all scientists. Jean often welcomed students from all around the world to work on their dissertations for one or two semesters. His laboratory was an example of a multicul-tural global environment, with postdocs from every continent. Being a creative and innova-tive neurochemist, Jean made seminal con-tributions, particularly to the field of oligodendroglial biology. He was the first to successfully develop the methods to obtain and culture primary oligodendrocytes and astrocytes from the brain. This technique, which provided investigators across the world with the revolutionizing capability to study oligodendrocytes, was the cornerstone of countless publications and it is still one of the most used approaches to culture glial cells in current research. In the lab, Jean was a warm, and engaging counsellor with so much enthu-siasm for his research and that of others, and for studying all aspects of brain development and neurological disorders. He would be a strong and constant advocate for thinking out-side of the box. Jean was generous to all, without distinction, and would always find the right way to help everyone succeed. So many of us have our paths and our lives shifted for better by Jean’s advice. So many of us are in his debt forever. Atop of his kind nature, was a gentleman who would always pay attention to details 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.018 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE553 April 26, 2018 
such as bringing double delights roses from his garden to the secretary office, or oranges and grapefruits to our lab meetings, cultivated by his own hands in a small parcel of land in Venice, Los Angeles. He fondly loved that place, which he once told me, reminded him of his childhood at the old family orangery farm near Soliman, Tunisia on Cap Bon. Jean was like a cool breeze bringing bal-samic accords to the spirit at dawn of warm summer mornings. Although the sadness of losing Jean will never disappear, we owe it to him to stand up and stay in the race. He was a long-distance runner and he has now passed the baton of his legacy to us. 
f 
HONORING JONATHAN LAWSON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Jonathan Lawson. Jon is a very special young man who has ex-emplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 376, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Jon has been very active with his troop, par-ticipating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jon has been involved with scout-ing, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most notably, Jon has become a member of both the tribe Mic-O– Say and Order of the Arrow. Jon has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Jon built a fire pit at the Rush Creek Campus of Liberty United Meth-odist Church. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Jonathan for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for roll call votes on Wednesday, April 25, 2018 because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on final passage for H.R. 5447, the Music Modernization Act. The music industry is ex-tremely valuable to Tennessee both economi-cally and culturally. This bill recognizes the valuable work of songwriters and will help the music industry better serve its fans. 
f 
MUSIC MODERNIZATION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR. 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 25, 2018 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, the Music Modernization Act, which the House is considering is a major step forward in pro-viding fairness for those in the music industry. This legislation updates several key provisions of U.S. copyright law regarding music licens-ing, including the creation of a single licensing entity to administer mechanical reproduction rights for digital music compositions, and the establishment of royalty payments for pre- 1972 artists. I am proud to support it. While this legislation is a major achieve-ment, there are additional issues around the public performance of musical works which have been a priority for me that must be ad-dressed. Specifically, we need to address the fact that venues such as restaurants, bars, ho-tels, wineries, breweries and other retail estab-lishments cannot rely on the repertories pub-lished by the Performing Rights Organizations to make decisions about what music to play. I’ve heard from many business owners in my district throughout the years that have had to decrease their use of live music as a result of a complicated and convoluted music licensing process. Currently, they face a ‘‘take it or leave it’’ situation: Either buy licenses from all the Performing Rights Organizations or don’t play music. This not only hurts small busi-nesses, it hurts the artists when their music isn’t played. This problem certainly isn’t localized to Wis-consin. It’s happening throughout the entire country, and it’s up to Congress to take the necessary steps to fix it. For this reason, I in-troduced H.R. 3350, the Transparency in Music Licensing and Ownership Act, last year. This bill would establish a fully searchable, up- to-date, comprehensive digital database of his-torical and current copyright ownership and li-censing information. By increasing trans-parency we can help ensure that when a busi-ness pays a music licensing fee, it knows ex-actly what it is buying. It is my hope that this and other issues can be addressed in subse-quent legislation. f 
HONORING THE PUNAHOU SCHOOL NATIONAL SCIENCE BOWL 2018 FINALISTS 
HON. COLLEEN HANABUSA 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Punahou School’s win in the Ha-waii Regional High School Science Bowl and for earning the honor of competing in the Na-tional Science Bowl for the third year in a row. Created by the Department of Energy’s Of-fice of Science in 1991, the National Science Bowl is one of the largest and most pres-tigious academic competitions in the United States. Over 290,000 students have partici-pated throughout the National Science Bowl’s 27 years. Each year, this competition has en-couraged thousands of students—in all 50 U.S. States, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico—to expand their understanding of mathematics and science and pursue careers in such fields. This year, 1,211 teams com-peted nationwide. The team from Punahou will face the re-maining 64 high school teams in the National Science Bowl Finals in Washington, D.C. this week. To the Punahou School team—Alex-ander Apo, Anna Kimata, Evan Liu, Ryan Park, Dong-Woo Seo, and Coaches Tiffany Coke and Melissa Giresi—all the best in this year’s competition. You are a shining example to your peers and I wish you continued suc-cess in your education and careers. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent these students and their families in the United States Congress and I know all my colleagues in the House will join me in congratulating Punahou School on competing in the National Science Bowl Finals 2018. f 
HONORING CALEB ZORN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Caleb Zorn. Caleb is a very special young man who has exempli-fied the finest qualities of citizenship and lead-ership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 261, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Caleb has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Caleb has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Caleb has become a member of both the tribe Mic-O-Say and Order of the Arrow. Caleb has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Caleb built four wooden benches for the local Down Syndrome Guild. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Caleb for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I missed votes on April 24. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Vote Number 148 (Passage of H. Con Res. 111): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 149 (Passage of H.R. 5086, the Innovators to En-trepreneurs Act of 2018): YES. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STEVEN SZIEBERT 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Steven Sziebert, who passed away at his home in Yakima, Wash-ington on February 23, 2018. Steve was an exemplary community mem-ber with an admirable life story. His family im-migrated to the United States in 1957 during the Hungarian Revolution. He graduated from Santa Clara University and entered the Army, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26AP8.021 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE554 April 26, 2018 
serving 5 years as an Airborne Ranger sta-tioned at Fort Lewis and in South Korea. At Fort Lewis, he met his wife, Marcia, relo-cated to the Yakima Valley, and quickly fell in love with Central Washington and all it had to offer his growing family. It was in Yakima that Steve came to realize his knack for construc-tion. He spent his career managing projects across Washington and improving local infra-structure. Steve will be fondly remembered for his jokes and stories, his welcoming personality, his kindness, and his service to his commu-nity. He will be missed by many, and my pray-ers are with his family and friends during this difficult time. 
f 
HONORING THE WORK OF GEORGE M. SMART 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the dedicated service of George M. Smart, Director of FirstEnergy Corp. Under Mr. Smart’s leadership, Summit County, Ohio has directly benefited from FirstEnergy’s growth and success. Mr. Smart is currently a trustee at his alma mater, Defiance College, where he was an undefeated quarterback for the Defiance Col-lege Yellow Jackets. Now, Mr. Smart devotes his time and resources to the success of ath-letic programs at Defiance, through the George M. Smart Athletic Center, which opened in 2012. Mr. Smart’s lifelong loyalty to the Cleveland Browns, from the victorious ‘‘Kardiac Kids’’ in the 1980s, to the challenges of rebuilding the franchise today, serves as an inspiration to NFL fans everywhere. In 2006, the Ohio Foundation of Independent Colleges (OFIC) inducted Mr. Smart into its Hall of Ex-cellence, thereby honoring George for his service to Defiance College, as well as his im-pact on society through professional achieve-ment, leadership and scholarship. I am especially proud of the George and Sandy Smart Family Foundation, whose mis-sion it is to help the needy and spread the word of the gospel in the Medina and Canton, Ohio area. Additionally, the Foundation spon-sors children at churches in Ecuador, which the Foundation established. FirstEnergy experienced significant growth during the period Mr. Smart served as Direc-tor, growing from Ohio Edison with 1 million customers, to having 6 million customers in six states. Mr. Smart is concluding his service to shareholders as Director of FirstEnergy Corp. on May 15, 2018. Throughout his life, Mr. Smart has been a respected business leader, while maintaining multiple leadership positions with civic and charitable organizations in the region. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to extend my congratulations and well wishes to George for his many years of dedicated service as a Di-rector of FirstEnergy Corp., his support of De-fiance College and the OFIC, and the George and Sandy Smart Family Foundation’s ongo-ing philanthropic efforts. While Mr. Smart served as chairman of its Board, FirstEnergy remained committed to the long-term pros-perity and vitality of Summit County. His work has been critical in supporting economic de-velopment efforts that created jobs, sustained local suppliers and attracted new businesses to the 16th District of Ohio. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 VALLEY VIEW WE THE PEOPLE TEAM 
HON. ERIC A. ‘‘RICK’’ CRAWFORD 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, 21 students from Valley View High School in my hometown of Jonesboro, Arkansas will ar-rive in our Nation’s Capital to compete in the We the People National Competition. For the better part of the past school year, these im-pressive students have given up their free time to study our Nation’s constitutional de-mocracy and thoroughly examine the history and principles of the Republic. This weekend, they will put their knowledge to the ultimate test here in Washington. They will compete in a simulated Congressional hearing by evaluating and defending positions on historical and contemporary constitutional issues. Our government functions at its best when citizens engage in the political and pol-icy making process, and I’m proud that these students are already preparing themselves for that process through their education. Valley View has a history of excellence in We the People. Mrs. Traci Smith started We the People at Valley View nearly a decade ago, won the Arkansas state competition sev-eral times, and brought hundreds of students to the Capital to compete. Today, the program is led by Mr. Jacob Lamberson, who has coached at the national competition several times. Both teachers deserve our gratitude for their exceptional work preparing the rising generation for civic engagement and leader-ship. I include in the R
ECORD the names of the competing students: Jesse Allison, Walker Bartels, Adrian Brown, Benjamin ‘‘Benji’’ Campbell, Aaron Dent, Cooper Fanning, Colin Ford, Simon Gomez, Dylan Johnson, Ryan Jones, Ilyse Levy, Taylor Martin, Carly Mason, Daniel Miao, Tanner Mote, Weston Myers, Camryn Pierce, Anna Rhodes, Jackson St. Pierre, Johnny Waters, and Kori Wood. Mr. Speaker, I hope you and the rest of Congress will join me in congratulating these young men and women for their achievements and wish them the best of luck in their future pursuits. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DEANNE HAENKE 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give special recognition to Deanne Haenke from Royal Oak. I met Deanne and her family last week at a rally in Royal Oak as part of the student led National School Walkout. Deanne is a mother and a parent ally who felt com-pelled to speak up and let the students in her community know that there are adults who will stand with them. I was so impressed with her courage and the passion with which she delivered her re-marks that I wanted to share her speech with my colleagues. Therefore, I include in the RECORD the remarks of Deanne Haenke: 
Hello. My name is Deanne Haenke and I am a parent ally. I was asked to speak because I attended a PTA meeting at the high school where there was a discussion about school safety and the walkouts. Much to my own shock, I stood up to say a few things. After the meeting, the student leaders thanked me for what I said and that was that. But, a few days later, I got a text that they wanted me to speak at today’s rally. I was flattered but very hesi-tant because I am not a public speaker and I wasn’t sure what more I could bring to this conversation. As I was talking to my hus-band about it, my eldest son came running into the house saying he had gotten a text from Jonah asking if I would speak at the rally. I was looking at my husband, who I knew would understand if I said no, and then looking at my sons who seemed so eager for me to say yes. And as we talked about it, I realized, there was no way I would not speak. How could I tell my sons, whose childhood reality is so completely different than what mine was and what I wanted theirs to be, that I am too afraid to speak at a rally when they are scared to walk into school, yet they do it anyway? When there was a rumor a few months ago that a kid was planning some-thing at the high school, I asked my son if he wanted to stay home. He emphatically said, ‘‘Yes, I want to stay home. I want to stay home every day! But if I stay home today, I won’t go tomorrow and they win.’’ So even though I didn’t want him to go and as his parent I had the right to make him stay home, I listened to him, I said ok, told him I love him and, with terror in my heart, watched him walk out the door. People who try to dismiss him because he is young are extremely ignorant to what this generation is facing and what courage they are capable of. You have all been forced to grow up far too quickly and you have every right to be heard. This is not going to be easy. It is not going to be quick. As we see on a daily basis, com-mon sense falls on deaf ears. I know how hard it is to listen to the adults who are not listening to you. But if you do listen to them, you will hear what they are really saying. Every dismissive comment, every immature insult is screaming that they are afraid of you. They are afraid of your deter-mination, they are afraid of your numbers and they are most definitely afraid of your intellect because the reform you are de-manding makes sense. And when they can’t argue the sensible gun reform that is being proposed, they resort to personal attacks, name calling, fear mongering by shouting ‘‘Those people’’ want to take ALL the guns away or they try to place the blame any-where else they can . . . Yes there is a bullying problem. Yes there are mental health issues. Yes, for numerous reasons, there are some kids who don’t have a good support system at home. And of course it would be great if we could solve all of those problems and we must con-tinue to strive to do so. But there was bullying when I was kid. There were mental issues (and that was in a time when people didn’t dare talk about mental issues so it was much harder to find help) and there were kids who didn’t have a great support system at home. Yet, we weren’t dying in school. Today, kids are the ones doing the dying. To those opposing any sensible gun reform . . . how is it possible those words do not shake 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.031 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE555 April 26, 2018 
them to their core? Kids are the ones doing the dying. Sadly, we know that has not af-fected the NRA, or the politicians they have bought and paid for. And that is only because they are not the ones doing the dying. Their ability to turn a blind eye is indefensible. At the board meeting last week, as stu-dents and parents asked the board repeat-edly, passionately and eventually pleadingly to simply state for the record that they sup-port the students and the march today to call for sensible gun reform . . . the board sat there stone faced and silent. It is said that it is hard to speak truth to power, but as I sat there watching 14 to 17 year old kids speak, I was stunned and embarrassed by every member of that board, as it became crystal clear that it is much harder for power to speak truth. No matter what they tell themselves, there is no excuse that they would not stand up with their community and say ‘‘we proclaim that we are with you, that enough is enough and we will not stop until sensible gun re-form is passed.’’ Unfortunately, everyone is not on your side. But a lot of people are. So keep doing what you’re doing. Keep showing up. Keep speaking out and as soon as you can, vote for the people who will speak truth to power and will not continue to repeat the same generic rhetoric that too many elected officials spew. If you do that, you are going to save this country and I want to take this opportunity to say thank you. I have felt despair for far too long and I couldn’t find solace anywhere, most certainly not from our leaders. And then you stood up. And now I have hope. I look forward to voting with you in No-vember and voting for you in the years to come. Thank you. 
Mr. Speaker, we must stand with mothers like Deanne Haenke and show our students that we support them in their efforts. We as leaders must do better by our young people. We as a Congress must act now. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Deanne Haenke and to thank her for her compelling remarks. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DOOR COUNTY RESIDENT JIM SARKIS 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the life and legacy of long-time resident of Door County, Mr. Jim Sarkis. Mr. Sarkis was a businessman, philan-thropist, and, most importantly, a beloved hus-band, father, son and friend. Jim fought can-cer for 4 years, never letting it prevent him from having a positive attitude and showing kindness for others. Jim will leave a lasting legacy on Northeastern Wisconsin. When reflecting on Jim’s time with us, the verses read at his memorial, Hebrews 12:1–2a are most certainly fitting, ‘‘Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of wit-nesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles. And let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us, fixing our eyes on Jesus, the pioneer and perfecter of faith.’’ A realtor by trade, Jim pursued many pas-sions in life including golfing, reading, story- telling, and naturally the Green Bay Packers. In addition to these, Jim’s deepest passions were to family, community, and hard work that brought him wonderful success in life. Men like Jim, who are so passionate about their family and community, are rare to find and ex-tremely difficult to lose. Jim’s extraordinary memory will be cher-ished by many of the lives he touched in Wis-consin and across the United States. It is not often that everyone in a community will think of a common theme or description of a giant from their corner of the world. But ‘‘if you don’t know Jim Sarkis, you don’t know Door Coun-ty’’ truly captures Jim and his legacy. May his passion, dedication, and loving spirit be re-membered and carried on by all who knew him. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in honoring the legacy of Jim Sarkis and his lifelong dedication to his family, community, and the great state of Wisconsin. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONSERVATION WORK OF SISTER JEREMIAS STINSON 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an article from the Toledo Blade, dated the 20th of April 2018. In doing so, I want to recognize the con-servation work of the Sisters of St. Francis in Sylvania, Ohio and Sister M. Jeremias Stinson. As the superintendent of Environmental Stewardship, Gardens, Shrines and Woodland Management, in Sylvania, Sister Jeremias has committed her life to protecting over 250 na-tive species of trees under her care. With Earth Day being this past Sunday, and a few weeks away from Arbor Day, we as a Nation need to recognize the part we take in our environment. As said by Sister Jeremias, ‘‘To care for all creation, we have to balance the forces of cre-ation. You have to make wise decisions.’’ 
[From the Blade, Apr. 20, 2018] N
UNOVERSEES CONSERVATION OF SAINT F
RANCIS ’ WOODED GROUNDS IN SYLVANIA  (By Nicki Gorny) It’s a bright spring afternoon at the motherhouse of the Sisters of St. Francis in Sylvania, and Sister M. Jeremias Stinson is zipping around the grounds on a John Deere Gator, navigating stick-strewn paths through the woods as adeptly as the mani-cured lawns between buildings. ‘‘We’re going to fly,’’ the 74–year-old nun tells a reporter beside her at one point, fully committed to showing off the full scope of the grounds within a time-crunched tour. The tour, arranged just a few weeks before Arbor Day, celebrated in Ohio on the last Friday in April, covered just a sampling of the more than 5,000 mature trees that shade the grounds. As Sister Jeremias drove, she rattled off the names of species that stand tall in wooded areas and in deliberate clus-ters, like an arboretum between buildings just north of the Franciscan Center. There are oaks, firs, and pines—250 native species in all to keep straight. Sister Jeremias, superintendent of the environ-mental stewardship, gardens, shrines, arid woodland management, has mapped and doc-umented them all. The motherhouseholds the distinction of having the most diverse number of plant specimens in the region, said Sister Jeremias, who undertook a canopy study of the grounds that began in 2006. The grounds are also recognized as a conservation sanc-tuary, as approved in 1930 by the Lucas County Conservation District and Ohio For-estry Division. ‘‘They’re a great leader in promoting con-versation on private lands,’’ said Jamie Kochensparger, education and outreach di-rector of Lucas County Soil and Water Con-servation District. Her agency is one of several at the county, state, and federal level to interact with Sis-ter Jeremias and the religious community on forestry and conservation-related matters. With the vast majority of land in the United States under private ownership, Mrs. Kochensparger said, conscientious private partners play an important role in this arena. ‘‘They’ve been great ambassadors for that,’’ she said. The distinctions reflect deliberate plan-ning and maintenance on the part of the sis-ters, who arrived in Sylvania. in 1916. Sister Jeremias sees practicality and spirituality in the number and diversity of trees on the grounds, pointing to their assistance as groundcover and windbreaks as well as their alignment with the values of St. Francis As-sisi. ‘‘Francis of Assisi; our founder, was ex-tremely sensitive to all facets of nature,’’ she said. ’’He respected it in all its forms.’’ ‘‘As Franciscans, we are each called—we are all called, but as Franciscans, we have a strong leaning and a strong responsibility— to look and care for all creation.’’ Sister Jeremias has overseen the grounds since 1974, when she submitted a proposal to leave her position as a local schoolteacher and ‘‘put full time into the witness to the dignity of manual work and contemplation.’’ She started with the renovation of the Portiuncula chapel on the grounds, she said, and went on to maintain and, in many more instances, develop the shrines, paths, and other landscape elements that create to a prayerful environment on the campus. Her work continues and forwards that of her predecessor, whose name came up fre-quently during her recent tour of the grounds. ‘‘That fir tree over there, the tall one, was planted by Mother Adelaide,’’ she said at one point, a variation on a theme that applied to some of the tallest trees on the grounds. Mother Adelaide led the original sisters who established a convent in Sylvania in 1916. While some of the 89 acres they settled on were natively wooded, Sister Jeremias said, much was farmland. Mother Adelaide took it upon herself to obtain and plant trees on the campus to stabilize sandy hills, create windbreaks, and fulfill other practical func-tions. ‘‘Her footprint is still here,’’ Sister Jeremias said. It’s there, for example, in a cluster of Nor-way spruces behind the Our Lady of Lourdes Grotto. It’s also there in a handful of origi-nal trees in the arboretum, whose establish-ment Sister Jeremias credited to Mother Ad-elaide, even if she’s had to since replace many of the original trees that were planted there over the years. This sort of maintenance has been an im-portant part of Sister Jeremias’ work on the grounds. She’s overseeing several ponderosa pine seedlings in a patch near the Rosary Care Center, which will find permanent homes on the grounds as they grow larger. When the emerald ash borer more dramati-cally killed off 1,841 trees on the campus in 2006, she replanted an area that she now calls 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.034 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE556 April 26, 2018 
the ‘‘new woods’’ on the grounds near Ten Mile Creek. Whenever she removes trees from the grounds, with an eye toward long-term sus-tainability, she replaces them with new trees that maintain respect to species diversity and the individual site. While all species are native to the region, not all thrive in the same soil or at the same elevation. ‘‘To care for all of creation, we have to bal-ance the forces of creation,’’ Sister Jeremias said. ‘‘You have to make wise decisions.’’ When Sister Jeremias proposed that she focus solely on grounds work in 1974, Mother Adelaide had died only about 10 years ear-lier. Sister Jeremias recalled that she began to notice downed trees and other effects of the community having gone without a dedi-cated grounds presence in these years. It was a role for which the outdoorsy Sis-ter Jeremias, who grew up in Port Clinton, tagging along to work sites with her father, a builder, felt she was well suited—and one that she’s been fulfilling faithfully for more than 40 years. ‘‘I followed her footprint,’’ she said of Mother Adelaide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26AP8.037 E26APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D456 Thursday, April 26, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Sec-retary of State. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2447–S2500 Measures Introduced: Thirty-one bills and fifteen resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2760–2790, and S. Res. 486–500.
           Pages S2484–85 
Measures Reported: S. 994, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2644, to ensure independent investigations and judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S2484 
Measures Passed: Second Chance Month: Committee on the Judici-ary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 440, designating April 2018 as ‘‘Second Chance Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S2497 
Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 464, supporting the goals and ideals of Take Our Daughters And Sons To Work Day, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                            Page S2498 
World Malaria Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 489, supporting the goals and ideals of World Ma-laria Day.
                                                                       Page S2498 
Financial Literacy Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 490, designating April 2018 as ‘‘Financial Lit-eracy Month’’.
                                                              Page S2498 
Recognizing the Independent Transportation Network of America: Senate agreed to S. Res. 491, recognizing the Independent Transportation Net-work of America on the occasion of providing 1,000,000 rides to older and visually challenged peo-ple of the United States.                                        Page S2498 
National Safe Digging Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 492, supporting the goals and ideals of Na-tional Safe Digging Month.
                                 Page S2498 
Congratulating the University of Notre Dame Fighting Irish: Senate agreed to S. Res. 493, con-gratulating the Fighting Irish of the University of Notre Dame women’s basketball team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I women’s basketball championship. 
                                                                                            Page S2498 
Congratulating the Indiana University Hoo-siers: Senate agreed to S. Res. 494, congratulating the Hoosiers of Indiana University for winning the 2018 Women’s National Invitation Tournament. 
                                                                                            Page S2498 
Public Service Recognition Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 495, expressing the sense of the Senate that, during Public Service Recognition Week, pub-lic servants should be commended for their dedica-tion and continued service to the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S2498 
El Dia de los Ninos: Senate agreed to S. Res. 496, recognizing April 30, 2018, as ‘‘El Dia de los Ninos—Celebrating Young Americans’’.
      Page S2498 
Recognizing Cinco de Mayo: Senate agreed to S. Res. 497, recognizing the cultural and historical sig-nificance of the Cinco de Mayo holiday.
        Page S2498 
National Small Business Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 498, expressing support for the designation of the week of April 29 through May 5, 2018, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ while commending the entrepreneurial spirit of small business owners of the United States, and the impact they have on their communities.
                                                               Page S2498 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D457 April 26, 2018 
National Sexual Assault Awareness and Preven-tion Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 499, recog-nizing and supporting the goals and ideals of Na-tional Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month.
                                                                            Page S2498 
Authorizing Representation by Senate Legal Counsel: Senate agreed to S. Res. 500, to authorize representation by the Senate Legal Counsel in the case of Peter P. Truman v. Paula Armstrong, et al. 
                                                                                            Page S2498 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-sions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, April 30, 2018 at 2:30 p.m.; Thursday, May 3, 2018 at 10:30 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, May 3, 2018, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, May 7, 2018.
                                                                          Page S2498 
Engelhardt Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit.
                                  Page S2464 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, April 26, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, May 7, 2018.
                                                                        Pages S2464–65 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2464 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2464 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that Senate resume consideration of the nomi-nation at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, May 7, 2018; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the cloture motions filed on Thursday, April 26, 2018 ripen at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, May 7, 2018.
                                                                          Page S2498 
Brennan Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit.
                                                 Page S2465 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Lou-isiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit.                                                                Page S2465 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2465 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2464 
Carson Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit.
                                              Page S2465 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Michael B. Brennan, of Wis-consin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit.
                                                          Page S2465 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2465 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2465 
Nalbandian Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit.
                       Page S2465 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit.
                                                             Page S2465 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2465 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2465 
Scudder Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit.
                                                          Page S2465 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of John B. Nalbandian, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit.
                                                               Page S2465 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD458 April 26, 2018 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2465 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2465 
St. Eve Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit.
                                                          Page S2465 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit.
                                                                    Pages S2465–66 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2465 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2465 
Zais Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous-con-sent-time agreement was reached providing that at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary of Education; that there then be 10 hours of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on con-firmation of the nomination, with no intervening ac-tion or debate.
                                                             Page S2466 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 57 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. EX. 84), Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Secretary of State. 
                                                                                    Pages S2448–60 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 57 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 83), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2460 
By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. EX. 85), Rich-ard Grenell, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany.
                    Pages S2460–61 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination, be withdrawn. 
                                                                                            Page S2460 
Thomas J. Hushek, of Wisconsin, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of South Sudan. Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Islands, to be In-spector General, Small Business Administration. Andrea L. Thompson, of South Dakota, to be Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and Inter-national Security. Yleem D. S. Poblete, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of State (Verification and Compliance). Kenneth Steven Barbic, of the District of Colum-bia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Agriculture. Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims for the term of fifteen years. Rohit Chopra, of New York, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the unexpired term of seven years from September 26, 2012. Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, to be a Fed-eral Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2016. Joseph Simons, of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from Sep-tember 26, 2017. Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the unexpired term of seven years from September 26, 2011. Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2018. Kirsten Dawn Madison, of Florida, to be an As-sistant Secretary of State (International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs). John Cary Bittick, of Georgia, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of Georgia for the term of four years. Timothy A. Garrison, of Missouri, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri for the term of four years. Steven L. Gladden, of North Carolina, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of North Carolina for the term of four years. Nicola T. Hanna, of California, to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California for the term of four years. David L. Lyons, of Georgia, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Georgia for the term of four years. Rodney D. Ostermiller, of Montana, to be United States Marshal for the District of Montana for the term of four years. Kenji M. Price, of Hawaii, to be United States Attorney for the District of Hawaii for the term of four years. Paul R. Lawrence, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary for Benefits of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. Jon Parrish Peede, of Mississippi, to be Chair-person of the National Endowment for the Human-ities for a term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\D26AP8.REC D26AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D459 April 26, 2018 
Brendan O. Heffner, of Illinois, to be United States Marshal for the Central District of Illinois for the term of four years. Theodor G. Short, of Maine, to be United States Marshal for the District of Maine for the term of four years. Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland, to be a Federal Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2015. 3 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 19 Army nominations in the rank of general. 11 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 56 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, Marine Corps, and Navy. 
                                                                Pages S2466–68, S2473–74 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Sec-retary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Train-ing. 2 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, and Army. 
                                                                                            Page S2498 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2483 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2483 
Executive Communications:                             Page S2483 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S2483–84 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2484 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2485–87 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2487–97 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2479–82 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2497 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2497 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—85)
                                                    Pages S2460, S2464 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 5:38 p.m., until 2:30 p.m. on Monday, April 30, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2498.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Defense Health Program, after re-ceiving testimony from Lieutenant General Nadja West, USA, Surgeon General of the Army, Vice Ad-miral C. Forrest Faison, III, USN, Surgeon General of the Navy, Lieutenant General Mark A. Ediger, USAF, Surgeon General of the Air Force, and Stacy Cummings, Program Executive Officer, Defense Healthcare Management Systems, all of the Depart-ment of Defense. APPROPRIATIONS: MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND FAMILY HOUSING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed Department of Defense budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2019 for military construc-tion and family housing, after receiving testimony from Lucian Niemeyer, Assistant Secretary for En-ergy, Installations and Environment, Lieutenant General Gwendolyn Bingham, USA, Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management, Vice Admiral Dixon R. Smith, USN, Deputy Chief of Naval Oper-ations for Fleet Readiness and Logistics, Major Gen-eral Vincent A. Coglianese, USMC, Commander, Marine Corps Installations Command and Assistant Deputy Commandant, Installations and Logistics (Facilities), and Major General Timothy S. Green, USAF, Director of Civil Engineers and Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics, Engineering and Force Protec-tion, all of the Department of Defense. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BUDGET Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Department of Defense budget posture in review of the Defense Authoriza-tion Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from James N. Mattis, Secretary, David L. Norquist, Under Secretary (Comptroller), and General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, all of the Department of Defense. HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND ABUSE OVERSIGHT Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD460 April 26, 2018 
concluded an oversight hearing to examine Depart-ment of Health and Human Services and Depart-ment of Homeland Security efforts to protect unac-companied alien children from human trafficking and abuse, including actions still needed to improve transfers and monitoring of care, after receiving testi-mony from James W. McCament, Deputy Under Secretary, Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans, De-partment of Homeland Security; Steven Wagner, Acting Assistant Secretary, Administration for Chil-dren and Families, Department of Health and Human Services; Kathryn A. Larin, Director, Edu-cation, Workforce, and Income Security, Govern-ment Accountability Office; Allison E. Herre, Catho-lic Charities of Southwestern Ohio, Cincinnati; Jes-sica A. Ramos, Advocates for Basic Legal Equality, Inc., Dayton, Ohio; Kelsey R. Wong, Shenandoah Valley Juvenile Center, Staunton, Virginia; Pattiva McKean Cathell, Sussex Central High School, Georgetown, Delaware; and Laura Carothers Graham, Community Legal Aid Society, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 2644, to ensure independent investigations and judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nominations of Gregory Allyn Forest, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of North Carolina, and Bradley A. Maxwell, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Illinois, both of the Department of Justice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5624–5644; and 7 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 119; and H. Res. 849–854, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H3705–06 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3707–08 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4743, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–655); H.R. 2121, to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to revise regulations to specify that certain funds shall not be taken into account when calculating any supplementary leverage ratio for cus-todial banks, and for other purposes, with amend-ments (H. Rept. 115–656); and H.R. 5076, to amend the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act to extend the examination cycle for certain insured depository institutions, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–657).
                                                Page H3705 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Harper to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3577 Recess: The House recessed at 11:21 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H3587 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Chaplain Phil Crenshaw, Lubbock, TX.
                                                                                   Page H3587 
Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2018: The House considered H.R. 4, to reau-thorize programs of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. Consideration is expected to resume tomor-row, April 27th.
                                          Pages H3590–H3688 
Agreed to: Shuster amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that improves aviation safety by addressing issues such as airline engines, air ambu-lances, certification processes, and airspace oper-ations; adjusts FAA authorization levels to conform with updated CBO baseline for FY 2018; makes counter-UAS systems AIP eligible; continues the contract weather observer program and requires the Secretary to define the roles and responsibilities of the FAA Tech Center; reforms and provides trans-parency to FAA organization and programs; address-es consumer concerns, including sexual misconduct on flights, treatment of passengers with disabilities, and harmonization of service animal standards; and improves the Airport Investment Partnership Pro-gram;
                                                                       Pages H3636–43 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D461 April 26, 2018 
Shuster en bloc amendment No. 1 consisting of the following amendments printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650: Lewis (GA) (No. 2) that allows AIP and PFC funds to purchase generators in passenger areas of the airport, to separate backup power sup-plies from main power supplies, and for similar projects; Soto (No. 3) that requires sinks or sani-tizing equipment to be provided in any Mothers’ Rooms at airports; Watson Coleman (No. 4) that re-quires medium or large hub airports to maintain baby changing tables in one men’s and one women’s restroom in each passenger terminal building; McMorris Rodgers (No. 5) that exempts Airports with more than 25,000 passenger enplanements in calendar year 2014 from any cost-share requirements under the contract tower program; Westerman (No. 6) that clarifies the application of Qualifications- Based Selection procedures on airport projects; Krishnamoorthi (No. 7) that adds ‘‘economic im-pacts’’ to the study on the effects of airport noise on communities near busy airports; Jayapal (No. 8) that adds the city of Seattle to the list of communities to be studied on the potential health impacts of overflight noise; Lipinski (No. 9) that adds contract tower construction as an eligible activity under 49 USC 47116, the AIP small airport fund; Smith (NE) (No. 10) that extends small airport regulatory relief for Fiscal Years 2018, 2019, and 2020; Torres (No. 11) that amends section 158, the Environmental Mitigation Pilot Program, to allow DOD to provide additional funding for mitigation projects on sites previously managed by DOD; Ted Lieu (CA) (No. 12) that requires a report from the Secretary of Transportation and the National Research Council on aviation gasoline that assesses non-leaded fuel al-ternatives to the aviation gasoline used by piston- powered general aviation aircraft; Meng (No. 14) that permits the Secretary to carry out an aircraft noise, emission, and fuel burn reduction research and development program (CLEEN II); Bass (No. 15) that requires a Report to Congress on the status of Terminal Sequencing and Spacing (TSAS) implemen-tation across all completed NextGen Metroplexes with specific information provided by airline regard-ing the adoption and equipping of aircraft and the training of pilots in its use; Speier (No. 16) that re-quires a GAO report studying: (1) while maintaining safety as the top priority, whether air traffic control-lers and airspace designers are trained on noise and health impact mitigation in addition to efficiency; and (2) the prevalence of vectoring flights due to over-crowded departure and arrival paths, and alter-natives to this practice; McSally (No. 18) that adds a representative to the Safety Oversight and Certifi-cation Advisory Committee for airport owners and operators; Kildee (No. 19) that requires the FAA to allow airports to use non-fluorinated chemicals in firefighting foam as long as it abides by the Na-tional Fire Protection Association’s standards; Estes (No. 20) that expands the scope of the FAA Task Force on Flight Standards Reform to address issues involving flight standards offices and aircraft originalequipment manufacturers; Soto (No. 21) that requires the Administrator to also consider the po-tential emergency medical needs of pregnant women when evaluating the minimum contents of approved medical kits—currently the bill only specifies the consideration of children’s emergency medical needs; Keating (No. 22) that directs FAA to lead efforts to publish guidance for improving workforce readiness, and directs GAO to include in their report rec-ommendations for strengthening and developing aviation workforce training programs; Long (No. 23) that directs the FAA Administrator to review the current safety procedures regarding unoccupied exit rows on commercial aircraft; Crist (No. 24) that commissions a GAO study on whether or not FAA ‘‘Compliance Philosophy’’—favoring communication over enforcement—is effective; Sanford (No. 25), as modified, that clarifies and tightens the 336 mod-elers exemption to ensure that those utilizing the ex-emption are following an appropriate course of safe-ty, and allows the FAA to create rules for rec-reational UAS; DeFazio (No. 26) that modifies exist-ing prohibition in regard to FAA issuing any regula-tion on model aircraft flown for hobby/recreational purposes and provides FAA flexibility to collaborate with industry to update operational parameters need-ed for unmanned aircraft flown for hobby/rec-reational purposes, to mitigate risks to aviation safe-ty and national security; Hanabusa (No. 27) that en-sures the role of state and local government is con-sidered during an emergency situation where an un-manned aircraft system may pose a threat to public safety; Lewis (MN) (No. 28) that codifies the De-partment of Transportation’s Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integration Pilot Program; Schiff (No. 29) that directs FAA to establish a program to utilize available remote detection and identification tech-nologies for safety oversight, including enforcement actions against operators of unmanned aircraft sys-tems that are not in compliance with applicable Fed-eral aviation laws, including regulations; requires an-nual reporting by FAA to Congress to report the number of drones entering restricted airspace, the number of enforcement cases brought by FAA or other agencies, and recommendations by FAA for de-tection and mitigation systems; and Grothman (No. 30) that requires the Administrator of the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD462 April 26, 2018 
Aviation Administration to issue regulations nec-essary to authorize the use of certain actively teth-ered public unmanned aircraft systems by govern-ment public safety agencies without any requirement to obtain a certification of waiver, certificate of au-thorization, or other approval by the Federal Avia-tion Administration;
                                        Pages H3643–51 
Roskam amendment (No. 13 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that directs the FAA Adminis-trator to study the relationship between jet aircraft approach and takeoff speeds and corresponding noise impacts on communities surrounding airports; re-quires the FAA Administrator to submit the results of the study in a report to Congress;
              Page H3651 
Denham amendment (No. 17 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that harmonizes the statute of limitations for Section 1309 of Public Law 114–94 with other Department of Transportation projects; 
                                                                                    Pages H3651–52 
Shuster en bloc amendment No. 2 consisting of the following amendments printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650: Cramer (No. 31) that requires the FAA, NTIA and the FCC to submit to Congress a report on whether UAS operations should be per-mitted to operate on spectrum designated for avia-tion use; the report would also include recommenda-tions of other spectrum frequencies (such as LTE) that may be appropriate for flying UAS; LoBiondo (No. 32) that requires the FAA to review inter-agency coordination and standards for the authorized federal use of C–UAS systems; Davis (CA) (No. 33) that directs the FAA to partner with non-govern-mental organizations, state, and local agencies to prevent recreational unmanned aircrafts from inter-fering with the efforts of emergency responders; San-ford (No. 34) that aligns the FAA’s critical programs supporting UAS integration and the development of commercial UTM; Cicilline (No. 35) that requires air carriers to outline rebooking options, refunds, meals, and lodging to the public in instances where a costumer’s flight is diverted; Ca´rdenas (No. 36) that requires a study on the impact of over-booking policies of air carriers on the US economy, including effects on cost to passengers; Meng (No. 37) that re-quires GAO to submit a report to Congress review-ing airlines’ training policies for employees and con-tractors regarding racial, ethnic, and religious non-discrimination, and requires the Secretary of Trans-portation to develop and disseminate best practices based upon the findings of the report; Bonamici (No. 38) that creates the position of Aviation Con-sumer Advocate at the FAA; the Aviation Consumer Advocate would assist consumers in resolving com-plaints with air carriers, recommend actions the FAA could take to improve enforcement of consumer pro-tection rules, and recommend policies to more effec-tively resolve complaints; Langevin (No. 39) that en-sures passengers with disabilities receive timely and effective assistance at the airport and on the aircraft; personnel providing physical assistance to passengers with disabilities may be required to receive hands on training to perform assistance and use any needed equipment; O’Halleran (No. 40) that requires the Comptroller General to include in its report an anal-ysis of the impact of any option for EAS reform on local communities with airports receiving EAS fund-ing; Espaillat (No. 43) that states that not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of theUnited States shall con-duct a study that examines the ground transpor-tation options at the Nation’s 10 busiest airports in order to understand the impact of new and emerging transportation options for travelers to get into and out of airports, including the fees charged to ground transportation providers for airport access; Sanford (No. 45) that requires the GAO to study airport fi-nances under § 47107(b)(2) of title 49, United States Code; Fleischmann (No. 48) that states that the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Administration will encourage the use of durable, resilient, and sus-tainable materials, including the use of geosynthetic materials and other innovative technologies in car-rying out the activities of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration; Meng (No. 50) that requires the Sec-retary to issue a rule creating designated areas at air-ports at which pets and service animals traveling with their owners may relieve themselves; Mitchell (No. 51) that establishes a pilot program with speci-fied parameters for aircraft with certain NextGen avionics to have limited preferential access to certain airports designated by the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration; the pilot program has a sunset and a reporting requirement; Mitchell (No. 52) that requires the Inspector General of the De-partment of Transportation to study the potential impacts of a significantly delayed, significantly di-minished, or completely failed delivery of the Next Generation Air Transportation System modernization initiative by the Federal Aviation Administration, including impacts to the air traffic control system and the national airspace system as a whole; DeGette (No. 54) that limits FAA regulation of non-federally sponsored property to facilitate airports’ ability to generate non-aeronautical revenue; Banks (No. 55) that designates the main hangar at Smith Field in Fort Wayne, Indiana, as the National Airmail Mu-seum, as the United States Postal Service began com-mercial airmail service at Smith Field in 1930; Sinema (No. 56) that directs the Administrator of the FAA to conduct a review of the effectiveness, safety, and consistency of its approval process for air tankers used for wildland firefighting, with the goal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D463 April 26, 2018 
of developing standardized next-generation require-ments for air tankers; requires an FAA report to Congress describing the outcome of its review; Biggs (No. 57) that ensures the Secretary of Transportation must publicize for comment a cost-benefit analysis before implementing the additional baggage report-ing requirements of 14 CFR 234.6; Esty (No. 58) that directs the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration to create and facilitate the Women in Aviation Advisory Board; the Board would promote organizations and programs that pro-vide education, training, mentorship, outreach, and recruitment of women into the aviation industry; Graves (MO) (No. 59) that creates a GAO study on the use of proprietary exclusive rights by airports; Kilmer (No. 61) that requires the FAA to consider the emergency preparedness needs of a community served by an airport when evaluating that airport’s master plan under the Airport Improvement Pro-gram; Panetta (No. 62) that directs the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administration to evaluate alternative metrics to the current average day night level standard, such as the use of actual noise sampling and other methods, to address com-munity airplane noise concerns and provide a report to Congress; Hill (No. 64) that requires the FAA to report on the status of the LIT VORTAC Agree-ment; and Lowey (No. 65) that requires the FAA to study and submit a report on the prevalence of aller-gic reactions on board flights, the reporting of reac-tions on flights, and the frequency of first aid inven-tory checks;
                                                           Pages H3652–58 
Higgins (LA) amendment (No. 41 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that requires the Adminis-trator of the FAA to initiate a pilot program to per-mit the operator of a State 2 airplane to operate that airplane in non-revenue service into medium hub airports or non-hub airports if certain parameters are met;
                                                                                  Page H3658 
Cohen amendment (No. 46 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650), as modified, that alleviates delays in compliance with existing federal regula-tions to vet prospective pilots, by enabling 3rd party access to the National Driver Register;
         Page H3660 
Burgess amendment (No. 47 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that establishes prohibitions to prevent the use of unmanned aircraft systems as a weapon while operating in the national airspace; 
                                                                                    Pages H3660–61 
Perlmutter amendment (No. 49 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that implements recommenda-tions from the FAA’s Rotorcraft Occupant Protection Working Group to require all newly manufactured helicopters to meet certain standards to improve hel-icopter fuel system crash resistance within 18 months;
                                                                   Pages H3661–63 Shuster en bloc amendment No. 3 consisting of the following amendments printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650: Fortenberry (No. 66) that allows Airport Improvement Program funds to be used to construct storage facilities to shelter snow removal, aircraft rescue, and firefighting equipment meeting certain conditions regardless of whether federal fund-ing was used to acquire the equipment; Suozzi (No. 69) that asks for a report on airline and passenger safety pertaining to aging commercial aircraft: the average age of commercial aircraft owned and oper-ated by United States carriers, overall use of planes, including average lifetime of commercial aircraft, the number of hours the aircraft are in flight, and the impact of metal fatigue on aircraft safety, review on contractor assisted maintenance of commercial air-craft and re-evaluation of the rules on inspection of aging airplanes; Maxine Waters (CA) (No. 70) that requires the FAA to issue a report on diversions of aircraft from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Hawthorne Municipal Airport; Pearce (No. 71) that makes a technical correction to the Military Airport Program (MAP) to ensure MAP benefits are available to all former installations, as was the origi-nal intent of the enacting law; Fleischmann (No. 72) that states if the Secretary determines that safety is not affected, highway specifications of a State may be used for airfield pavement construction and improve-ment at nonprimary airports with aircraft under 60,000 pounds; Takano (No. 73) that provides a sense of Congress that the Administrator of the FAA and Secretary should produce a smart airports initia-tive plan that focuses on creating a more connected and consumer-friendly airport experience; Speier (No. 74) that directs the FAA Administrator to review and evaluated the design and effectiveness of com-mercial airline oxygen masks, and determine whether changes to the design could increase correct pas-senger usage; Gibbs (No. 76) that amends age ad-justment for Part 135 and Part 91 that perform at least 150,000 turbojet operations; Hastings (No. 77) that requires the FAA to study and submit to Con-gress a report on technologies developed by inter-national entities that have been installed in Amer-ican airports and aviation systems, and aviation safe-ty technology implemented by international entities that may assist in improving American aviation op-erations and safety; Denham (No. 80) that sets a one year deadline for FAA to issue a rulemaking in ac-cordance with Section 2209 of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 to establish proce-dures for unauthorized UAV use over critical infra-structure; Doggett (No. 82) that requires second- class medical certifications for operators of a com-mercial air balloon; Carter (GA) (No. 83) that re-quires federal agencies, in their cost-benefit analysis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD464 April 26, 2018 
for acquisition of heavy equipment, to factor in rent-ing as a viable alternative; Lance (No. 85) that re-quires the FAA to study the economic impact of TFRs on local airports and recommend ways to miti-gate negative effects, including but not limited to, the potential of using security procedures to allow limited use of certain airports during a TFR; Jayapal (No. 86) that directs the FAA Administrator to con-duct astudy on the infrastructure needs of fast-grow-ing airports; Meng (No. 89) that requires the FAA to develop a 5-year aircraft noise research and miti-gation strategy; Meng (No. 90) that requires the FAA within 1 year of enactment of the bill to com-plete the ongoing evaluation of alternative metrics to the current Day Night Level (DNL) 65 standard; Meadows (No. 91) that codifies a directive of Presi-dent Clinton’s 1993 Executive Order 12866, Section 1(b)(8), which stipulates that, whenever possible, any new standards promulgated by the FAA shall be per-formance-based standards providing an equal or higher level of safety; DeSaulnier (No. 92) that re-quires a review of the feasibility of expanding the use of systems capable of detecting wrong surface alignment; DeSaulnier (No. 93) that requires rec-ommendations to ensure aviation safety in the event of power outages at airports; DeSaulnier (No. 94) that requires a review of the risks and benefits of equipping aircraft with runway awareness advisory systems; DeSaulnier (No. 95) that requires a progress report on improving the Aviation Safety Information Analysis and Sharing program; Lawrence (No. 98) that requires FAA to develop and transmit to Con-gress a report on cybersecurity and artificial intel-ligence standards plan for FAA operations; Ca´rdenas (No. 99) that expresses a sense of Congress that the aviation industry should hire more of the Nation’s veterans; Lipinski (No. 100) that directs a GAO study to quantify the costs and burdens imposed by significant airline network disruptions; and Moore (No. 101) that authorizes FAA to take steps to im-prove compliance with the existing Department of Transportation Prompt Payment rule that requires subcontractors to be paid within a certain time pe-riod for satisfactory performance of their contracts; would also require the FAA to keep track of viola-tions of this rule;
                                               Pages H3666–70 
Smith (NE) amendment (No. 68 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that directs the Comp-troller General to assess the current state of the avia-tion workforce, barriers to entry to the aviation workforce, and options to increase the future supply of individuals in the aviation workforce; 
                                                                                    Pages H3670–71 
Lewis (MN) amendment (No. 75 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that clarifies that MPOs es-tablished prior to December 18, 1991 should also have local elected officials on their governing boards;                                                                                     Pages H3671–72 
Gonza´lez-Colo´n amendment (No. 81 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that requires a study/ assessment and data collection of the air cargo traffic in the Caribbean region;
                                Pages H3677–78 
Comstock amendment (No. 84 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650), as modified, that requires a study on possible funding options for a potential federal grant program for spaceport activities; re-quires a report on a National Spaceports Policy which evaluates the national security and civil space launch demands; proposes policies designed to ensure a robust and resilient orbital and suborbital space-port infrastructure; reviews the development and in-vestments made by international competitors; and other aspects; establishes an Office of Spaceports within the FAA to support, promote, and enable in-frastructure improvements at FAA-licensed space-ports in the U.S.;
                                               Pages H3678–80 
Zeldin amendment (No. 96 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that requires the FAA adminis-trator to review the North Shore Helicopter Route to address the noise impact on affected communities, to improve altitude enforcement, and to assess alter-natives including an all water route over the Atlantic Ocean;
                                                                     Pages H3682–83 
Lawrence amendment (No. 97 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that requires the FAA Ad-ministrator to conduct a study on the diversity of the cybersecurity workforce of the FAA in order to develop recommendations to increase the size, qual-ity and diversity of such workforce; and
       Page H3683 
Denham amendment (No. 79 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that clarifies the intent of the Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act of 1994 for motor carrier meal and rest regulations (by a recorded vote of 222 ayes to 193 noes, Roll No. 159).
                                           Pages H3673–77, H3686–87 
Rejected: Beyer amendment (No. 67 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that sought to require the FAA to review and revise helicopter flight paths for all helicopters, including military helicopters, flying in the National Capital Region—identifying and issuing new official paths if helicopters are able to fly at higher altitudes (agreed by unanimous consent to withdraw the earlier request for a recorded vote to the end that the Chair put the question de novo); 
                                                                            Pages H3670, H3677 
Meng amendment (No. 88 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that sought to require the FAA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D465 April 26, 2018 
to develop global-scale probabilistic convection guid-ance capability so that aircraft can avoid encounters with convection that causes turbulence; 
                                                                                    Pages H3681–82 
DeFazio amendment (No. 42 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that sought to repeal a prohibi-tion on U.S. regulation of air transportation of flam-mable lithium batteries unless there has been an ac-cident; restores the DOT’s authority to regulate lith-ium batteries beyond international baselines, without waiting for an accident to occur (by a recorded vote of 192 ayes to 223 noes, Roll No. 155); 
                                                                      Pages H3658–60, H3684 
Rohrabacher amendment (No. 60 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that sought to ensure that aircraft transitioning from flight over ocean to flight over land fly at safe altitude and no lower than spe-cific flight operations require (by a recorded vote of 37 ayes to 375 noes, Roll No. 156); 
                                                                Pages H3663–64, H3684–85 
King (IA) amendment (No. 63 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that sought to ensure that none of the funds authorized by the Act are used to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing wage requirements of the antiquated Davis-Bacon Act (by a recorded vote of 172 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 157);
                                 Pages H3664–66, H3685–86 
Lipinski amendment (No. 78 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that sought to direct a DOT rulemaking to require airlines to interline and pro-vide accommodations to passengers who are dis-placed due to events within an airline’s control (by a recorded vote of 92 ayes to 323 noes, Roll No. 158); and
                                                Pagess H3672–73, H3686 
Lynch amendment (No. 87 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that sought to direct the FAA Administrator to engage and cooperate with air car-riers to identify and facilitate opportunities for air carriers to retrofit aircraft with devices that mitigate noise, including vortex generators (by a recorded vote of 187 ayes to 227 noes, Roll No. 160). 
                                                                      Pages H3680–81, H3687 
H. Res. 839, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4) and (H.R. 3144) was agreed to yesterday, April 25th. Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, April 24th. Iran Human Rights and Hostage-Taking Ac-countability Act: H.R. 4744, amended, to impose additional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Government of Iran, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 410 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 161.
                                                                                  Page H3688 Authorizing the printing of ‘‘United States Cap-itol Grounds: Landscape Architect Frederick Law Olmstead’s Design for Democracy’’ as a House document: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 118, au-thorizing the printing of ‘‘United States Capitol Grounds: Landscape Architect Frederick Law Olmstead’s Design for Democracy’’ as a House docu-ment.
                                                                       Pages H3688–89 
Senate Referral: S. 2758 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H3643. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and six recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3684, H3684–85, H3685–86, H3686, H3686–87, H3687, and H3688. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:17 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a markup on the FY 2019 MILCON/ VA Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 MILCON/VA Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full Com-mittee, without amendment. APPROPRIATIONS—FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION; FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION; U.S. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Fed-eral Highway Administration, the Federal Transit Administration, and the U.S. Maritime Administra-tion. Testimony was heard from Rear Admiral Mark H. Buzby, Administrator, U.S. Maritime Adminis-tration; Brandye Hendrickson, Acting Administrator, Federal Highway Administration; and K. Jane Wil-liams, Acting Administrator, Federal Transit Admin-istration. APPROPRIATIONS—SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a budget hearing on the Securities and Exchange Commission. Testimony was heard from Jay Clayton, Chairman, Securities and Exchange Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD466 April 26, 2018 
FY 2019 PUBLIC WITNESS HEARING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘FY 2019 Public Witness Hearing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. APPROPRIATIONS—U.S. AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a budget hearing on the U.S. Agency for International Development. Testimony was heard from Mark Green, Administrator, U.S. Agency for International Development. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Department of Justice. Testi-mony was heard from Jefferson B. Sessions III, At-torney General, Department of Justice. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch held a markup on the FY 2019 Legisla-tive Branch Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Legis-lative Branch Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. APPROPRIATIONS—ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Environmental Protection Agency. Testimony was heard from Scott Pruitt, Ad-ministrator, Environmental Protection Agency; and Holly Greaves, Chief Financial Officer, Environ-mental Protection Agency. APPROPRIATIONS—FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a budget hearing on the Federal Communications Commis-sion. Testimony was heard from Ajit Pai, Chairman, Federal Communications Commission. MEMBER DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-land Security held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Mem-ber Day’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Long, Schneider, Johnson of Ohio, Hill, and Jackson Lee. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a markup on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. H.R. 5515 was forwarded to the full Committee, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a markup on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. H.R. 5515 was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a markup on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. H.R. 5515 was forwarded to the full Com-mittee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-tical Air and Land Forces held a markup on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. H.R. 5515 was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces held a markup on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. H.R. 5515 was forwarded to the full Committee, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces held a markup on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. H.R. 5515 was forwarded to the full Com-mittee, without amendment. WORKER-MANAGEMENT RELATIONS: EXAMINING THE NEED TO MODERNIZE FEDERAL LABOR LAW Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Worker-Management Relations: Examining the Need to Modernize Federal Labor Law’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a markup on April 25, 2018, on H.R. 3528, the ‘‘Every Prescription Conveyed Securely Act’’; H.R. 449, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Awareness Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D467 April 26, 2018 
of 2017’’; H.R. 5261, the ‘‘TEACH to Combat Ad-diction Act of 2018’’; H.R. 1925, the ‘‘At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4275, the ‘‘Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act’’; H.R. 5041, the ‘‘Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act’’; H.R. 5554, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs; legislation on FDA and International Mail; H.R. 4284, the ‘‘Index-ing Narcotics, Fentanyl, and Opioids Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5228, the ‘‘Stop Counterfeit Drugs by Regu-lating and Enhancing Enforcement Now Act’’; H.R. 4684, the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5176, the ‘‘Preventing Overdoses While in Emergency Rooms Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5197, the ‘‘Alternatives to Opioids (ALTO) in the Emergency Department Act’’; H.R. 5272, the ‘‘Reinforcing Evidence-Based Standards Under Law in Treating Substance Abuse Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5327, the ‘‘Comprehensive Opioid Re-covery Centers Act 2018’’; H.R. 5353, the ‘‘Elimi-nating Opioid-Related Infectious Diseases Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3331, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive pay-ments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record tech-nology; legislation on Welcome to Medicare; legisla-tion on Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alter-native; legislation on Alternative Payment Model for Treating Substance Use Disorder; legislation on Use of Telehealth to Treat Opioid Use Disorder; legisla-tion on Incentivizing Non-Opioid Drugs; legislation on Mandatory Lock-In; legislation on Beneficiary Education; legislation on Evaluating Abuse Deter-rent Formulations; legislation on CMS Action Plan; legislation on Adding Resources on Non-Opioid Al-ternatives to the Medicare Handbook; legislation on Prescriber Notification; legislation on Prescriber Education; legislation on Medication Therapy Man-agement (MTM) Expansion; legislation on CMS/Plan Sharing; H.R. 5002, the ‘‘ACE Research Act’’; H.R. 5009, the ‘‘Jessie’s Law’’; H.R. 5102, the ‘‘Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018’’; legislation to improve fentanyl testing and surveillance; H.R. 4841, the ‘‘Standardizing Elec-tronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018’’; H.R. 3192, the ‘‘CHIP Mental Health Parity Act’’; legislation on Prescriber Education; legislation on Medicaid IMD ADDITIONAL INFO Act; legis-lation on Require Medicaid Programs to Report on All Core Behavioral Health Measures; legislation on HUMAN CAPITAL in Medicaid Act; legislation on Medicaid Pharmaceutical Home Act; legislation on Limited repeal of the IMD Exclusion for adult Med-icaid beneficiaries with substance use disorder; legis-lation on Medicaid DRUG Improvement Act; legis-lation on Medicaid PARTNERSHIP Act; legislation on Medicaid Graduate Medical Education Trans-parency Act; H.R. 5202, the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Ac-cess to Substance Use Disorder Treatments Act of 2018’’; legislation on Improving Access to Remote Behavioral Health Treatment Act of 2018; legisla-tion to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicaid coverage protections for pregnant and postpartum women while receiving in-patient treatment for a substance use disorder; legis-lation on 21st Century Tools for Pain and Addiction Treatments; legislation on FDA Opioid Sparing; leg-islation on FDA Misuse/Abuse; legislation on FDA Packaging and Disposal; legislation to enhance and improve state-run prescription drug monitoring pro-grams; legislation to support the peer support spe-cialist workforce; H.R. 5329, the ‘‘Poison Center Network Enhancement Act of 2018’’. H.R. 3528, H.R. 449, H.R. 5261, H.R. 1925, H.R. 4275, H.R. 5041, H.R. 5554, legislation on FDA and Inter-national Mail, H.R. 4284, H.R. 5228, H.R. 4684, H.R. 5176, H.R. 5197, H.R. 5272, H.R. 5327, and H.R. 5353 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 3331, legislation on Welcome to Medicare, legisla-tion on Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alter-native, legislation on Alternative Payment Model for Treating Substance Use Disorder, legislation on Use of Telehealth to Treat Opioid Use Disorder, legisla-tion on Incentivizing Non-Opioid Drugs, legislation on Mandatory Lock-In, legislation on Beneficiary Education, legislation on Evaluating Abuse Deter-rent Formulations, legislation on CMS Action Plan, legislation on Adding Resources on Non-Opioid Al-ternatives to the Medicare Handbook, legislation on Prescriber Notification, legislation on Prescriber Education, legislation on Medication Therapy Man-agement (MTM) Expansion, legislation on CMS/Plan Sharing, H.R. 5002, H.R. 5009, H.R. 5102, legisla-tion to improve fentanyl testing and surveillance, H.R. 4841, H.R. 3192, legislation on Prescriber Education, legislation on Medicaid IMD ADDI-TIONAL INFO Act, legislation on Require Med-icaid Programs to Report on All Core Behavioral Health Measures, legislation on HUMAN CAPITAL in Medicaid Act, legislation on Medicaid Pharma-ceutical Home Act, legislation on Limited repeal of the IMD Exclusion for adult Medicaid beneficiaries with substance use disorder, legislation on Medicaid DRUG Improvement Act, legislation on Medicaid PARTNERSHIP Act, legislation on Medicaid Grad-uate Medical Education Transparency Act, H.R. 5202, legislation on Improving Access to Remote Behavioral Health Treatment Act of 2018, legisla-tion to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicaid coverage protections for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD468 April 26, 2018 
pregnant and postpartum women while receiving in-patient treatment for a substance use disorder, legis-lation on 21st Century Tools for Pain and Addiction Treatments, legislation on FDA Opioid Sparing, leg-islation on FDA Misuse/Abuse, legislation on FDA Packaging and Disposal, legislation to enhance and improve state-run prescription drug monitoring pro-grams, legislation to support the peer support spe-cialist workforce, and H.R. 5329 were ordered re-ported, without amendment. THE FISCAL YEAR 2019 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY BUDGET Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Fiscal Year 2019 Environmental Protection Agency Budg-et’’. Testimony was heard from Scott Pruitt, Admin-istrator, Environmental Protection Agency. PERSPECTIVES ON REFORM OF THE CFIUS REVIEW PROCESS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Perspectives on Reform of the CFIUS Review Process’’. Testimony was heard from Richard E. Ashooh, Assistant Secretary, Export Ad-ministration, Department of Commerce; Heath P. Tarbert, Assistant Secretary, International Markets and Investment Policy, Department of the Treasury; and public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE SEC’S DIVISION OF CORPORATION FINANCE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Investment held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Corporation Finance’’. Testimony was heard from William Hinman, Director, Division of Corporation Finance, Securities and Exchange Commission. MASS MIGRATION IN EUROPE: ASSIMILATION, INTEGRATION, AND SECURITY Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘Mass Migration in Europe: Assimilation, Integration, and Security’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. GRADING COUNTERTERRORISM COOPERATION WITH THE GCC STATES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade; and Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Grading Counterter-rorism Cooperation with the GCC States’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. STRENGTHENING THE SAFETY AND SECURITY OF OUR NATION: THE PRESIDENT’S FY2019 BUDGET REQUEST FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening the Safety and Se-curity of Our Nation: The President’s FY2019 Budget Request for the Department of Homeland Security’’. Testimony was heard from Kirstjen M. Nielsen, Secretary, Department of Homeland Secu-rity. FILTERING PRACTICES OF SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Filtering Practices of Social Media Platforms’’. Testimony was heard from Representa-tives Himes and Blackburn. EXAMINING THE CRITICAL IMPORTANCE OF OFFSHORE ENERGY REVENUE SHARING FOR GULF PRODUCING STATES Committee on Natural Eesources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Critical Importance of Offshore En-ergy Revenue Sharing for Gulf Producing States’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 211, the ‘‘Chugach Region Lands Study Act’’; and H.R. 5317, to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on cer-tain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands. Testi-mony was heard from Representative Herrera Beutler; Darryl LaCounte, Acting Deputy Bureau Director, Office of Trust Services, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior; Glenn Casamassa, Associate Deputy Chief, National Forest System, U.S. Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture; and public witnesses. WASTE AND INEFFICIENCY IN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT: GAO’S 2018 DUPLICATION REPORT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Waste and Inef-ficiency in the Federal Government: GAO’s 2018 Duplication Report’’. Testimony was heard from Gene Dodaro, Comptroller General of the United States, Government Accountability Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D469 April 26, 2018 
SURVEYING THE SPACE WEATHER LANDSCAPE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Environment; and Subcommittee on Space held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Surveying the Space Weather Landscape’’. Testimony was heard from Neil Jacobs, Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Environmental Observation and Prediction, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; Jim Spann, Chief Scientist, Heliophysics Division, Science Mission Directorate, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and public witnesses. NO MAN’S LAND: MIDDLE-MARKET CHALLENGES FOR SMALL BUSINESS GRADUATES Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-tracting and Workforce held a hearing entitled ‘‘No Man’s Land: Middle-Market Challenges for Small Business Graduates’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. IDENTIFYING INNOVATIVE PRACTICES AND TECHNOLOGY IN HEALTH CARE Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Identifying Innova-tive Practices and Technology in Health Care’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET HEARING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-committee on the Central Intelligence Agency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Hear-ing’’. This hearing was closed. Joint Meetings 
ARMENIA Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on the protest movement in Armenia from Stephen Nix, International Repub-lican Institute, Washington, D.C.; and Elen Aghekyan, New York, New York. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing en-titled ‘‘Do Not Call: Combating Robocalls and Caller ID Spoofing’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Implementation of FinCEN’s Customer Due Diligence Rule—Financial Institution Perspective’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine the Bitkov case and the United Na-tions International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala, 9:15 a.m., 2172, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD470 April 26, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2:30 p.m., Monday, April 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, April 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Complete consideration of H.R. 4—FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E549 Black, Diane, Tenn., E553 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E552 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E545 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E551 Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E543 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E546 Crawford, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’, Ark., E554 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E547 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E548 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E543, E549 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E549, E555 Graves, Sam, Mo., E553, E553 Green, Gene, Tex., E550 Hanabusa, Colleen, Hawaii, E553 Joyce, David P., Ohio, E552 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E546, E547, E551, E555 Keating, William R., Mass., E549 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E545 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E548 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E541 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E550, E554 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E546 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E553 O’Halleran, Tom, Ariz., E552 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E544 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E545, E545, E546, E547, E548, E548, E549, E550, E550, E551 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E554 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E542 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E541 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E553 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E548 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E541 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E553 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E544 Valadao, David G., Calif., E545 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E542 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E550 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E547 Young, Don, Alaska, E542, E543, E544 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Apr 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26AP8.REC D26APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with DIGEST