Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4983 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 2018 No. 95 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, June 11, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , JUNE8, 2018 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 8, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OGER W. M
ARSHALL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Monsignor Stephen J. Rossetti, Catholic University of America, Wash-ington, D.C., offered the following prayer: Good and gracious God, the psalmist reminds us that ‘‘The Lord’s is the Earth and its fullness, the world, and those who dwell in it.’’ Indeed, all of creation bears the image of Your beau-ty and Your love. May Your spirit guide the work of our hands to nurture in love the people of this Earth and the beautiful world that sustains them. We make this prayer in the power of Your spirit, and in Your holy name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DUNN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE FAMILY VIO-LENCE PREVENTION AND SERV-ICES ACT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, too many Americans find themselves in dangerous and life- threatening situations as a result of domestic violence. Victims need access to emergency shelter, crisis counseling, and advocacy services. That is why I was proud to introduce H.R. 6014, the Family Violence Preven-tion and Services Act of 2018, with my colleagues, Representatives G
WEN M
OORE , E LISE STEFANIK , and L ISA B
LUNT ROCHESTER . Since it was enacted in 1984, the Family Violence Prevention and Serv-ices Act has addressed domestic vio-lence through community-driven solu-tions and a network of programs and services dedicated to responding to do-mestic violence across the country. One example is the National Domes-tic Violence Hotline. The hotline oper-ates 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and is available in 170 languages. It pro-vides crisis intervention, counseling, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.000 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4984 June 8, 2018 
and safety planning, and can directly connect calls to a seamless referral system of more than 4,500 community programs across the United States. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Do-mestic violence has no place in our so-ciety, and we must stand up for victims and work to eradicate domestic vio-lence for good. 
f 
CELEBRATING A TREMENDOUS VICTORY LAST NIGHT BY THE WASHINGTON CAPITALS (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, it is warm in here. Mr. Speaker, there is joy in the Washington Capital Region today. When I get up in the morning every day and I read the front page of the Washington Post, I say: Oh, my good-ness. Today, I read the front page of the Washington Post. ‘‘At last, Capitals,’’ with Alex Ovechkin holding the Stan-ley Cup high, celebrates. Mr. Speaker, I was in the Maryland State Senate in 1973, and one of the great citizens of our region, Abe Pollin, said to us, to me, and to others: We want to build an arena in Prince George’s County. It was called the Cap-ital Center. And in 1974, Abe Pollin brought hock-ey to the Washington Metropolitan area. Abe Pollin died not too long ago. Be-fore he died, he sold the Caps to Ted Leonsis. Abe Pollin and Ted Leonsis are ecstatic today. Forty-four years, and now we are the national champions. Mr. Speaker, I rise with great joy and excitement to cele-brate the tremendous victory last night by the Washington Capitals in the Stanley Cup finals. The Caps had an extraordinary sea-son and brought home a victory for the national capital region; its first major sports championship since 1992. When team captain Alex Ovechkin raised the Stanley Cup over his head last night, he did so on behalf of thou-sands upon thousands upon thousands of Caps fans across our region, includ-ing, of course, my district. That moment came after a 4–3 vic-tory over an extraordinary team, the Vegas Golden Knights, who, in their first season as an expansion team in the National Hockey League, became the first team to come to the finals in that status. They had a magnificent season and their own exciting path to the finals during their inaugural sea-son. As the celebrations continue from last night into today and over the com-ing days, I want to offer my congratu-lations to the players, coaches, mana-gerial staff, and my thanks to all the fans who made the Caps’ victory pos-sible. I hope my colleagues, dare I say even the ones from Nevada, will join me in congratulating them as well. Alex Ovechkin was chosen as the most valuable player, having scored 15 goals in the playoffs. Mr. Speaker, I want to say one last thing. My father was born in Denmark. Lars Eller, a member of the Wash-ington Capitals, was born and lives in Denmark, scored the winning goal. The colors of the Danish flag, as some of you may know, are red and white. How appropriate. How wonder-ful. How grateful we are for the vision of Abe Pollin and the sponsorship of Ted Leonsis. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to appear on the floor in proper attire. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 136TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE YAKAMA TREATY (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 136th anni-versary of the Yakama Nation Treaty of 1855. On June 9 in 1855, the United States entered into an agreement with the confederated tribes and bands of the Yakama Nation. This treaty marked the beginning of a successful relation-ship between the Yakamas, the Federal Government, and the people of Central Washington State. I am proud to display a copy of the treaty of 1855 in my office here in Washington, D.C. as a reminder of the Federal Government’s obligations. The Yakama Nation’s presence and influence is evident in my district. The Yakama Nation Museum and Cultural Center provides students and visitors an inside look at the history and the values of the Tribes. The newly opened Yakama Warriors Association’s Vet-erans Center provides resources and as-sistance to veterans on or near the Yakama Reservation. Events and cele-brations bring communities together to honor and preserve the Yakama Na-tion’s cultural traditions. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the Yakamas’ input as I work to represent all of Central Washington, and I look forward to continuing to ensure their voices are heard on the important deci-sions that affect the land that we all love. 
f 
RENAMING THE OYSTER BAY NA-TIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE TO THE CONGRESSMAN LESTER WOLFF NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE (Mr. SUOZZI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the illustrious public service career of a former Member of this body, Congressman Lester Wolff, who will soon be celebrating his 100th birthday. In recognition of his monumental contributions to the preservation and protection of our environment, espe-cially on Long Island’s beautiful North Shore, I am proposing the renaming of the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Ref-uge to the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge. These precious wetlands, at Con-gressman Lester Wolff’s urging, were protected in 1968. In 1967, the New York state legislature had, at the insistence of then-Governor Nelson Rockefeller and master planner Robert Moses, au-thorized a bridge across the Long Is-land Sound. Lester immediately saw this bridge would spoil the pristine and precious resource of the Long Island Sound, and soon found himself at the center of an enormous political fight. Lester won, and the Oyster Bay Wildlife Refuge was born. Lester’s efforts in 1968 are an impor-tant part of our Nation’s environ-mental history. I urge my colleagues to support the renaming to the Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge, and I wish Lester a happy 100th year and many more. f 
SUPPORTING THE MILITARY CON-STRUCTION AND VETERANS AF-FAIRS APPROPRIATIONS BILL (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill. Providing robust funding to the VA is a step in the right direction to en-sure our veterans receive the best pos-sible care. This legislation increases funding to the VA to the highest level ever. That funding will go towards providing for America’s heroes. We are increasing funding for homeless veterans’ serv-ices, mental healthcare, suicide pre-vention, opioid abuse, traumatic brain injury research and treatments, and rural health initiatives, just to name a few. As the son of an Army family and an Army surgeon, I have seen firsthand many issues that our veterans face. As chairman of the VA Subcommittee on Health, I am working to instill real changes at the VA. This means better care for our men and women who have served our Nation. Funding these important initiatives is a crucial part of repaying those who fought for our freedoms. I urge all of my colleagues to support this impor-tant legislation. 
f 
TODAY IS WORLD OCEANS DAY (Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, in the time I make these remarks, 1 minute, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4985 June 8, 2018 
and every minute after, the equivalent of an entire garbage truck full of plas-tic will be dumped into the oceans. That is about 8 million metric tons a year, endangering marine life. Today is World Oceans Day, a good time to recommit to protect, conserve, maintain, and rebuild our oceans and our ocean resources. The health of our oceans reflects the health of our planet. We have work to do. Oceans absorb CO
2produced by human activities, and increasing car-bon emissions are stressing the oceans and threatening the livelihood of coast-al communities. As oceans become more acidic, shell-fish struggle to build shells. Oysters and clams are especially vulnerable. Harmful algal blooms produce acid that accumulates in shellfish, like Dungeness crab, and can be poisonous to humans. We must invest in research to better understand the challenges to ocean health, like ocean acidification, harm-ful algal blooms, marine debris, and overfishing. The ocean is resilient, but we cannot afford to wait. On World Oceans Day, I invite all of my colleagues to join the bipartisan Oceans Caucus. The time to take action is now. 
f 
HONORING ISRAEL’S 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF INDEPENDENCE (Mr. PALMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Israel’s 70th anniver-sary of independence. The United States has no stronger ally in the Mid-dle East than the State of Israel. Our relationship is one rooted in shared values and a commitment to freedom and democracy. Israel’s dedi-cation to political and economic free-dom, free and fair elections, and free-dom of religion provides a stark con-trast with other regimes in the region. On this anniversary, I also want to recognize the important relationship between Israel and the State of Ala-bama. Few people know that 5 years prior to Israel gaining independence, Ala-bama became the first and perhaps only State to call for the establish-ment of a Jewish state. Seventy-five years ago, on June 10, 1943, in the midst of World War II, the Alabama legislature unanimously passed a joint resolution calling for a Jewish state, and for the Jewish people to have the right to self-government and self-determination. Since that day, in acknowledgment and support of our mutual values, Ala-bama and Israel have maintained a spe-cial friendship. Indeed, Alabama and the United States are proud to call Israel our ally, and look forward to our continued support of Israel and our continued friendship. b0915 LET’S WORK TOGETHER TO HELP AMERICAN FAMILIES HAVE HEALTHCARE (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, first, do no harm. That is rule number one for every doctor, and it should be rule number one for this President and this Congress as well. But because of the harmful, partisan healthcare politics in Washington, D.C., next year, a quarter million people in Washington State will have to spend 19 percent more per month on their health insurance. That adds up for a lot of folks. It will add up to the difference between being able to afford healthcare or not. Fami-lies in Washington State will have less money in their pockets because of the choices to do harm by this Congress and this administration. It is a choice to cut, as this adminis-tration did, the Federal payments that make healthcare cheaper for families. It is a choice to obsessively try to dis-mantle the Affordable Care Act, as this House and this administration have done, creating uncertainty and driving up costs. Listen, the Affordable Care Act was not perfect, but it meant cheaper healthcare and more people with insur-ance. Let’s fix it rather than harm peo-ple. Rather than partisan attacks that do harm to the healthcare system and harm to family budgets, let’s first do no harm, and then let’s work together to actually help American families have healthcare. 
f 
JUNE 11 WILL BE THE FIRST DAY WITHOUT NET NEUTRALITY PRO-TECTIONS (Ms. ESHOO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, Monday, June 11, will be the first day without net neutrality protections, thanks to the Trump administration. For the last decade and a half, the internet has become the biggest driver of our economy, of education, access to information, and the conduct of com-merce. It all happened under net neu-trality, because each of us had the free-dom to go where we wanted to go, see what we wanted to see, and read what we wanted to read. On Monday, the rules to protect an open internet will cease to exist. Con-sumers will no longer be guaranteed that they can choose to go where they want to go or do what they want to do online. Businesses can be made to pay tolls to reach their customers. The huge internet service providers can reign with impunity over the most im-portant tool in our economy and our democracy. Over all the years I have represented my Silicon Valley district, I have never had a constituent or a company ask me to turn total control of the internet over to the ISPs. Congress can act to prevent this takeover. That is why I am a cosponsor of the Congressional Review Act, a bill to disable the administration’s give-away of the internet. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to stand on the right side of history with millions of Ameri-cans and do the same. f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material in the fur-ther consideration of H.R. 5895, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 923 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5895. Will the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) kindly take the chair. b0919 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
ARSHALL (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, June 7, 2018, amendment No. 27 printed in part B of House Report 115–712 of-fered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 131, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $8,000,000)’’. Page 132, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $8,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.005 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4986 June 8, 2018 
Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to provide additional funding for the Veterans Transpor-tation Program, which would provide additional resources for the Highly Rural Transportation Grants, Bene-ficiary Travel, and Veterans Transpor-tation Service. A major challenge facing veterans across the Nation, including the cen-tral coast of California, is the lack of access to transportation when trying to get their medical appointments. This is especially prevalent in districts like mine, where veterans don’t live in close proximity to a major VA medical center. Available local transportation to health appointments at the local com-munity-based outpatient clinic is a constant challenge, as there are an in-sufficient number of buses and drivers. Currently, there is only one bus serv-ing my district, and this one bus must make six stops before reaching the VA hospital in Los Angeles. Once there, veterans only have a short window of time to attend to all their appoint-ments before needing to rush back to the bus to catch their transportation home. In many cases, with these time con-straints, veterans are unable to fit all of their necessary appointments into one day, and must again struggle with transportation to get back to the hos-pital. Passage of this amendment would provide more transportation solutions for our veterans, allowing them to get to their medical appointments on time and receive proper medical care with-out the fear of being left behind, unable to get back home. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, we understand the gentleman’s concerns, and we certainly will keep them in mind during conference. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, in 2017, the VTP pro-gram transported a total of 557,331 vet-erans, of which 103,704 were disabled veterans. The VTP office is the authoritative source for all veteran-related travel initiatives. Its core mission is to assist in the improvements of access to care and assist veterans in overcoming transportation barriers to accessing VHA services. VTS has established a network of transportation options for veterans through joint efforts with VA’s Office of Rural Health and veterans service organizations. This is a valuable program that has clearly been recognized and high-lighted by the gentleman from Cali-fornia, that helps veterans who are vis-ually impaired, elderly, or immobilized due to disease or disability, and par-ticularly those living in remote and rural areas, to get to their medical ap-pointments. At a time with the VA where we are struggling to make sure both in terms of time that veterans have to wait to get an appointment and the difficulty in getting through a long distance to get that service, this is an important amendment. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gen-tleman from California’s contribution and I strongly support it. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, I would just appeal to my colleagues that ‘‘thank you for your service’’ is just not enough anymore for our veterans. We need to step up. We need to make sure that they know we are here and we have their back when they need the services at the end of their tenure in the armed services. Mr. Chair, this is an important amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 132, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that would direct the VA to establish an opioid abuse kit for community healthcare providers. We are fortunate to live in a time when, because of medical advance-ments, members of the military are surviving combat injuries at unprece-dented rates. However, our duty of care for military veterans does not stop there. As our Nation welcomes home thou-sands of veterans from missions all over the world, we must be better pre-pared to provide those who suffer from chronic pain with the help that they need. It is the responsibility of this Congress to do our part to ensure they are receiving the level of healthcare they deserve. According to VA data, despite the number of opioid prescriptions at the VA declining—and that is the good news—since 2012, the number of vet-erans with opioid use disorders has spiked 55 percent between 2011 and 2016. Additionally, the American Public Health Association found that veterans are twice as likely to overdose on pre-scription opioids as the general popu-lation. The Veterans Health Administration has taken initial steps to combat the growing opioid crisis by rolling out its Opioid Safety Initiative for VA health settings, and the VA has also begun to publish toolkits for its community health providers so they better under-stand why veterans are looking to them for help. My amendment provides the re-sources for the VA to take their efforts a step further. It would direct the VA to utilize the opioid safety resources already available at the VA and create a similar opioid toolkit for healthcare providers at civilian facilities who help veterans with opioid use disorders. This is even more important, Mr. Chairman, because of the establish-ment of the Veterans Choice Program. The toolkit will provide safe pre-scribing practices provide additional resources for effective pain manage-ment, and it will ultimately save lives. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join with me in support of this. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. I support the efforts by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts to combat opioid abuse, which really has been a scourge in every region of this country and has left almost no region in this Nation untouched. The rates of prescription opioid mis-use and overdose continue to increase sharply, and prescription opioids are now a leading cause of death in the United States. In fact, Mr. Chairman, we are about to reach the third year in a row that life expectancy in the United States will have gone down. That is the first time that has hap-pened since all the way back to World War I, and it can be directly attributed to opioid abuse and the resulting deaths that has caused. So I agree with my friend from Mas-sachusetts that the VA should have a toolkit similar to the mental health toolkit and that it could save lives. I support the amendment. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for her comments, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.007 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4987 June 8, 2018 
the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, this bill includes $387 million for opioid treatment and prevention efforts. We understand the gentleman’s concern, and we will keep them in mind during conference. May I say, having been a criminal trial judge for many years, dealing with prescription drug abuse and treat-ing prescription drug abuse is one of the hardest things we have to deal with in criminal law. There is something about the mental attitude towards a prescription that causes people to think it is safe. b0930 This abuse that is going on in this country, we have to do something about it, so I commend the gentleman. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I know the gentleman from Texas and I will work together on this going forward and, hopefully, this amendment will move us in that direction further. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 132, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,500,000) (increased by $1,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment that would di-rect healthcare providers with VA af-filiation to continue their efforts at continuing education courses in spe-cific areas to manage pain, opioids, and substance abuse disorders. Nationally, about 30 percent of Amer-icans have some form of chronic pain. However, the percentage of veterans who report chronic pain is significantly higher. Over 50 percent of elderly vet-erans report chronic pain, as do 60 per-cent of veterans returning from cur-rent conflicts. In fact, chronic pain is the most common medical problem ex-perienced by returning combat vet-erans over the last decade. Of course, pain is not a standalone problem. We are increasingly aware of the mental health, the hidden wounds consequences stemming from time in combat. Veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder or brain trauma are more likely to report physical pain and, in turn, are more likely to receive a prescription for opioids. Likewise, approximately one out of every three veterans seeking treatment for a sub-stance use disorder also have PTSD. My amendment addresses this chal-lenge by helping those who provide healthcare services to veterans to learn the latest pain management tech-niques, understand safe prescribing practices, and spot the signs of poten-tial behavioral health conflicts and challenges, including substance abuse disorders. Further, my amendment recognizes that VA healthcare providers already need continuing education credits to maintain their State-issued profes-sional licenses. The amendment does not add to the total number of credits that prescribers already have to take. It simply makes sure that appropriate time is spent learning about this im-portant issue. My constituents are fortunate in Massachusetts because we have State laws that deal with this and require that kind of continuing education on this matter. However, in the other part of my district, in the southwestern por-tion, most of the veterans in that area go to the Rhode Island veterans center and, in Rhode Island, this is not cov-ered by the State. Healthcare professionals in Provi-dence, Rhode Island, already have pain management education available, but there is no guarantee that they are taken. There is a recommendation, but no guarantee. My amendment simply makes sure that our veterans get that guarantee. I urge my colleagues to join in support of this amendment. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. KEATING. I yield to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, pain management education for the prescription of opioids in the VA could help with opioid abuse; that is clear. The VA already has guidelines regarding the management of opioid therapy for chronic pain and provides clear and comprehensive, evidence- based recommendations incorporating current information and practices for practitioners throughout the DOD and the VA healthcare systems. Mr. Chairman, these guidelines are provided to minimize harm and in-crease patient safety in patients who require opioid therapy, but these guide-lines only work if the prescriber is ade-quately trained. And that is why the gentleman from Massachusetts’ amendment would be so helpful, be-cause we all know that the key to making sure that we can reach people and maximize the effectiveness of the program is to ensure that the appro-priate and significant training is done so that we can achieve those goals. So I support this amendment. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. MR. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition, al-though I will not oppose this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. MR. CARTER of Texas. I understand the gentleman’s concerns, and I will keep them in mind during conference. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, it is another area where we can keep work-ing together to help veterans, and this amendment will bring us forward in that task. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
BERNICE JOHNSON OF TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 135, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member for her help on this issue. I appreciate the opportunity to speak about an issue that is very important to my constituents and, of course, to me. I began my career as a nurse, where I provided hands-on patient care for 15 years at the Dallas Veterans Ad-ministration Hospital. I actually opened the psychiatric service. I rise today regarding an issue that is prevalent in my district and, more likely, is coming around the country: the Department of Veterans Affairs de-laying, sometimes for years, payments for services that have been authorized by the VA and performed subject to their requirements. Small business vendors depend on timely payments in order to pay for their services, pay their employees, and conduct business that they have agreed to perform for the price the VA has agreed to pay. Veterans and their care are very im-portant to me, and one thing I have no-ticed in my career, both at the VA and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.009 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4988 June 8, 2018 
here in Congress, is that it is impor-tant that getting the payment, what-ever and wherever it is owed, and whether that is the veteran, a physi-cian, or a contractor, is important. I could talk about a number of things about the VA, but one of the things that is really hurting veterans is the delay of payment of vendors that render service. The other week, one of the small ven-dors came into my office and said he was still waiting for payment from 2015. These vendors, for the most part, offer services to the veterans away from the hospital. It should not take that long for them to be paid. It is ruining the home healthcare program because they cannot continue, year after year, to deliver this care without getting paid; and many of the small vendors have stopped servicing the veterans because they never see payment in sight. So that is a major issue which I came to speak about today. Fee-basis care is preapproved by the VA, and the veteran, VA facility, and provider are all aware of the costs of the care being performed. There should not be a delay in delivering payment for essential services provided to the veteran. Many of these small businesses have to file lawsuits and get attorneys to re-trieve their money. Many of them have been put out of business and made up their mind they cannot service vet-erans because they cannot get paid in a timely manner. Two or 3 years late for payment is a long time for small busi-nesses. My concern is this slow-walking of claim payments is endemic throughout the VA, and veterans are being held re-sponsible for the delay. Not all con-tractors are as savvy as my con-stituent and might not know what the next step should be to resolve these issues. My amendment is designed to en-courage the VA to report on the num-ber of vendors who are being held hos-tage to slow payment around the coun-try and how much money is being tied up in these delays. These small vendors cannot survive these long delays in getting paid. We need to know how big the prob-lem is and how we can figure out how to fix it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, the gentlewoman from Texas has identified a very important issue, one that was brought to my at-tention in sharp relief by my own hos-pital association just yesterday. In Florida, we are now the third-larg-est State in the Union, and the hos-pitals in my home State are owed at least $134 million in payments that have not been paid by the VA. I mean, I don’t care how big your op-eration is, that is a tremendous amount of money, and prompt payment is a critical issue because we need to make sure that the resources that are appropriated to our healthcare system and the revenue that we need gen-erated to contribute to our economy and the care that we need provided is done so promptly. What we don’t want to have happen is healthcare providers deciding not to provide services outside the VA to VA patients. And my discussion with them yesterday was that there are healthcare providers in our State that are starting to decide not to take VA patients anymore, and that would be a travesty. The gentlewoman is absolutely cor-rect. Waiting 2 or 3 years for pay-ment—that is the kind of length of time we are talking about here—can have a devastating impact, particu-larly on small business. It is not a new issue at the VA. For example, former Secretary David Shulkin started rapid response teams whose goal was to settle the most sub-stantial outstanding bills as quickly as possible. Mr. Chairman, the issue of prompt payments must be addressed as more veterans seek services outside of the VA. It is a tremendous problem, and I am really pleased that the gentle-woman has brought it to our attention, raised the issue, because we need to know the full scope of VA delinquent payments. So I support this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I really appre-ciate the comments of the ranking member, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Chairman D
ENTagreeing to look into this issue. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 138, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, this simple amend-ment to H.R. 5895 would ensure suffi-cient funds for the Veterans Affairs Of-fice of the Inspector General to provide rigorous oversight of the Washington, D.C., Veterans Affairs Medical Center, a center that has been plagued with management problems, many of which have been described in previous amend-ments here this morning. The inspector general recently con-cluded a year-long investigation into the critical deficiencies at that center. In its final report, issued on March 7 of this year, the IG highlighted that lead-ership failures and pervasive under-staffing underpinned widespread issues in inventory management, sterile proc-essing, and patient safety itself. These are our veterans we are talking about. The IG found continual mismanage-ment of protected information and sig-nificant government resources, putting them at risk for fraud, waste, and abuse. The report makes clear these failures have persisted for the better part of a decade. Entrenched problems like these will not be resolved over-night. b0945 Following the final report’s release, officials from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs briefed House Vet-erans Affairs’ Committee staff that delays in patient care and supply shortages were no longer occurring as of January 2018. Yet recent reports show, contrary to that, that seven procedures were can-celed due to supply shortages in Feb-ruary and March of this year, contrary to the Department’s own claims. The VA inspector general has played a vital role in covering that crisis at the D.C. VA Medical Center, and we must en-sure that the VA IG has adequate re-sources to carry out its essential man-date. The bill before us today meets the President’s 2019 budget request of $172 million. However, the VA inspector general, Michael Missal, recently wrote that $172 million will not be sufficient for the IG to fully meet its mission of effective oversight of the programs and operations of the Veterans Administra-tion. Furthermore, the IG said that an FY19 appropriation of $172 million would actually likely require a de-crease of about 28 OIG staff. This could not be a worse time to have that hap-pen, and I know the chairman and the ranking member share in that view. Across the inspector general commu-nity, the IG staffing at the VA is among the smallest ratio of oversight staff to agency staff, and the OIG budg-et represents less than 0.1 percent of the total Veterans Administration budget. This week, the Senate Appropria-tions Committee voted to fund the IG at a level of $192 million for FY 2019, and I hope my colleagues will support that higher funding level when this bill gets to conference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.014 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4989 June 8, 2018 
We have a sacred obligation to ensure that the men and women, who sac-rificed so much to defend our freedom, receive the highest quality care they can possibly receive. The IG’s yearlong investigation revealed that the D.C. VA Medical Center has, at times, fallen far below that standard. We owe it to our veterans not only to address these problems, but also to understand how they were allowed to arise in the first place. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to this bill and to ensure the highest quality for our veterans who fought for their coun-try, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, even though I am not in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, you just can’t make this stuff up. The committee members have been to the D.C. VA Medical Center, and they put on a nice show when I first became ranking member. They leave a good impression. But the docu-mented issues at the D.C. VA Medical Center are well known, and I want to just walk our colleagues through a few of them because this is how egregious it is. The gentleman’s suggestion through this amendment to make sure that the IG takes a very close look at what is going on at this medical center is critical. The D.C. VA Medical Center was found to have paid exorbitant amounts for supplies and equipment, including $300 per speculum, which could have been purchased for $122 each, and $900 each for a special needle that was available for $250. In one case, the med-ical center rented in-home hospital beds for three patients for 3 years at a total cost of $877,000. The medical cen-ter could have bought the three beds for $21,000. A review of 124 veteran patient records found problems with supplies or instruments in 74 of the cases be-tween 2014 and 2017. One surgery was canceled after the patient was already under anesthesia because a retractor was unavailable be-cause it had not been sterilized since its previous use a week earlier. A surgeon had to improvise when a tool used to prepare a skin graft was broken and the graft failed. A surgical staff member had to run to a private sector hospital across the street to bor-row mesh to repair a hernia midprocedure. Investigators received more than 1,300 boxes of unsecured records from two warehouses, the hospital base-ment, and a large trash dumpster in April 2017. Of those records, 81 percent contained confidential patient infor-mation, including medical scans and records dating back to the 1970s. This facility is failing the veterans in the Metro D.C. area who deserve better. This is an important amendment, and making sure that the VA takes care of its patients and is not negligent or derelict in its duties at every single place that those veterans are serviced is critical. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I would conclude simply by thanking my friend from Florida for detailing that horror story. Unfortunately, these aren’t isolated incidents. This is a pat-tern of shoddy care for our veterans at this center, and we need the IG to be doing his work over time to make sure that these deficiencies are corrected, and corrected as soon as possible. That is the intent of this amendment. Again, I thank my friend from Texas, but I especially thank my good friend D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ from Flor-ida for their support on this amend-ment. I include in the R
ECORD two letters from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs inspector general. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS , I
NSPECTOR GENERAL , Washington DC, March 23, 2018. Hon. P
HILROE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Enclosed is a re-sponse from the Office of Inspector General (OIG) to a question for the record received from Congressman Mike Bost following the February 15th hearing before the Committee on the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2019. We re-quest that it be added to the hearing record. Thank you for your interest in the OIG. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL J. M ISSAL . Enclosure. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL , DEPARTMENT  
OFVETERANS AFFAIRS RESPONSE TO QUES-
TIONS FOR THE RECORD FROM HOUSE COM-
MITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS HEARING ON  U.S. D
EPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  B
UDGET REQUEST FOR FISCAL YEAR2019 65. The budget includes a request for $172 million for the Office of Inspector General to strengthen accountability. Will this level of funding be sufficient to properly enforce ac-countability throughout the VA? VA Office of Inspector General Response: The budget request for the Office of Inspec-tor General (OIG) for fiscal year (FY) 2019 of $172 million will not be sufficient for the OIG to fully meet its mission of effective over-sight of the programs and operations of VA. While that amount would represent an in-crease over the OIG’s funding of $164 million for FY 2018, it falls short of even the OIG’s actual FY 2018 operating budget of $175.5 mil-lion (which includes $15.9 million of carry-over due to a late hiring cycle that was out of synch with the budget cycle). There will not be a carryover of that size for FY 2019 as those funds will have been ex-pended led primarily on new hires to conduct our oversight work. In addition, we are now funding our Office of Contract Review ap-proximately $5 million that was previously paid by VA through a reimbursable agree-ment, and there are other increased costs in FY 2019. Consequently, an FY 2019 appropria-tion of $172 million would require a decrease of about 28 OIG staff. This would result in a likely curtailment of some of our oversight priorities if OIG staffing and resources de-crease at a time when VA is experiencing growth, including large and complex projects such as VA’s new electronic health records initiative, improving VA’s financial systems, enhancing and consolidating VA’s IT sys-tems, and expansion of community care pro-grams. The OIG will need additional funds to not only conduct oversight of these costly programs, but also to expand our investiga-tions of other high-risk VA programs, such as construction, procurement, education benefits, and the delivery of timely and qual-ity healthcare. The VA OIG’s staffing is among the smallest ratio of oversight staff to agency staff across the Inspector General community. Moreover, the OIG budget rep-resents less than .1 percent of VA’s overall budget, which again is less than a significant number of OIGs at other cabinet level agen-cies. An FY2019 appropriation of $172 million will undermine progress achieved to ‘‘right size’’ the OIG oversight capacity to the growth and demands of VA’ new initiatives. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS , I
NSPECTOR GENERAL , Washington, DC, April 3 2018. Hon. P
ATTY MURRAY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR MURRAY : Your question re-garding the VA Office of Inspector General’s (OIG) budget for fiscal year (FY) 2019 was re-ferred to the OIG for a response. We appre-ciate your interest and are grateful for your support. The budget request for the OIG FY 2019 of $172 million will not be sufficient for the OIG to fully meet its mission of effective over-sight of the programs and operations of VA. While that amount would represent an in-crease over the OIG’s funding of $164 million for FY 2018, it falls short of even the OIG’s actual FY 2018 operating budget of $179.9 mil-lion (which includes $15.9 million of carry-over due to a late hiring cycle that was out of synch with the budget cycle). There will not be a carryover of that size for FY 2019 as those funds will have been ex-pended primarily on new hires to conduct our oversight work. In addition, we are now funding our Office of Contract Review ap-proximately $5 million that was previously paid by VA through a reimbursable agree-ment, and there are other increased costs in FY 2019. Consequently, a FY 2019 appropria-tion of $172 million would likely require a de-crease of about 28 OIG staff. This would in-evitably result in a curtailment of some of our oversight activities at a time when VA is experiencing growth, including large and complex projects such as VA’s new electronic health records initiative, improving VA’s fi-nancial systems, enhancing and consoli-dating VA’s IT systems, and expansion of community care programs. The OIG will need additional funds to not only conduct oversight of these costly programs, but also to expand our investigations of other high- risk VA programs, such as construction, pro-curement, education benefits, and the deliv-ery of timely and quality healthcare. The VA OIG’s staffing is among the smallest ratio of oversight staff to agency staff across the In-spector General community. Moreover, the OIG budget represents less than .1 percent of VA’s overall budget, which again is less than a significant number of OIGs at other cabi-net level agencies. A FY 2019 appropriation of $172 million will undermine progress achieved to ‘‘right size’’ the OIG oversight capacity to match the growth and demands of VA’s new initiatives. We will provide a copy of this letter to Chairman Isakson and request that it be made part of the hearing record. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.017 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4990 June 8, 2018 
Again, thank you for interest and support of the OIG. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL J. M ISSAL . 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, the gentleman deserves credit for bringing this to the House’s atten-tion. The outrage at this medical cen-ter speaks for itself, and I look forward to making sure that the IG has the re-sources that are needed to be able to get to the bottom to help fix this prob-lem. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 33 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in contravention of sub-chapter III of chapter 20 of title 38, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, my first order of business is to thank both Judge C
ARTER and Congress-woman W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ for their leadership and, as well, for their shep-herding this bill that is based and fo-cused on help for our veterans. This past month and coming into the Fourth of July and Veterans Day in November may be just one or two or three of the times that we acknowledge those who have fallen as well as our veterans, but it really is a responsi-bility of this country and this Congress to acknowledge and work on behalf of our veterans every single day. I hold up a picture of and will include in the R
ECORD an article about Army Veteran Vivian Unce, Navy veteran Victoria Lewis, and Navy veteran Veronica Vernon. They met each other in a homeless shelter. They have come to know each other, and I would say to Mr. Chairman there are homeless vet-erans every night across this country. 
[Wed., July 20, 2011] M
ICHAEL E. D EBAKEY VA M EDICAL CENTER — H
OUSTON , TEXAS GRANT PROVIDES MORE T
HAN $666K FOR PERMANENT HOUSING FOR  H
OMELESS VETERANS  H
OUSTON .—The Department of Veterans Affairs has announced the award of $666,765 to the Harris County Housing Authority to increase permanent housing and case man-agement for area Veterans. ‘‘This initiative will strengthen our ongo-ing efforts to eliminate Veteran homeless-ness and improve quality of life for Vet-erans,’’ said Adam C. Walmus, M.H.A., M.A., F.A.C.H.E., director of the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center. ‘‘Working with our partners at HUD, we continue to make good progress to reduce Veteran homeless-ness, though much work remains. VA is com-mitted to providing Veterans and their fami-lies with access to affordable housing and medical services that will help them get back on their feet.’’ The funding, from Housing and Urban De-velopment’s Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing program (HUD–VASH), is a coordi-nated effort by HUD, VA, and local housing agencies to provide permanent housing for homeless Veterans. Homeless Veterans are referred to the Har-ris County Housing Authority for ‘‘Housing Choice’’ Section 8 vouchers to assist with rent payment. With this latest grant, the Harris County Housing Authority will re-ceive 125 additional housing vouchers. Eligible homeless Veterans receive VA-pro-vided case management, and services to sup-port stability and recovery from physical and mental health, substance use, and func-tional concerns contributing to or resulting from homelessness. Veterans participating in the HUD–VASH program rent privately owned housing and generally contribute no more than 30 percent of their income toward rent. VA offers eligi-ble homeless Veterans clinical and sup-portive services through the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center. About one-third of the adult homeless pop-ulation has served their country in the Armed Services. Current population estimates suggest that about 107,000 Veterans (male and female) are homeless on any given night and perhaps twice as many experience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. Many other Veterans are considered near homeless or at risk because of their poverty, lack of support from family and friends, and dismal living conditions in cheap hotels or in overcrowded or substandard housing. If you know a Veteran who needs assist-ance, please call 1–877–4AID VET (877–424– 3838) or the Health Care for Homeless Vet-erans Program at 713–794–7848. More informa-tion about VA’s homeless programs is avail-able online at http://www.va.gov/homeless. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, my amendment is an amendment to ensure that we will focus the VA on its obliga-tion to provide our veterans the assist-ance needed to avoid homelessness. It will help to ensure the rate of home-lessness among veterans in the United States does not increase, because I be-lieve in reducing and eliminating homelessness among veterans. Those who risked their lives to protect our freedom should also be one of the Na-tion’s highest priorities. I am grateful that this particular leg-islation, likewise, recognizes the im-portance of dealing with homelessness and working with the VA and its public housing assistance. That is where these individuals were able to find housing, through the grant for the permanent housing for homeless veterans. It is important to recognize that per-haps twice as many, 200,000, experience homelessness at some point during the course of the year. Today, in our coun-try, there are approximately 107,000 veterans, male and female, who are homeless on any given night, even though communities are working very hard. I know in my hometown of Houston, we work hard to reduce the numbers of homeless veterans. Many of us work with homeless veterans, attend what we call stand down, where we provide them with the maximum support on the street. We want them to get off the street, but we want to bring the serv-ices to them. In 2012 alone, 35,905 vet-erans lived in public housing provided by the VASH program. So I want to continue this focus, and this amendment is to suggest that no matters in this bill, no language in this bill will be in contravention of our pro-grams that deal with our homeless vet-erans. Let me also make the point that Mi-chael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center has been involved in changing lives in a mighty way by providing veterans and their families with access to af-fordable housing and medical services that would help to get them back on their feet. I had the privilege of knowing Dr. Michael E. DeBakey and naming the hospital after him. His whole value and his whole purpose as he continued to do magical surgery was to remind us, as he created the MASH unit in World War II, that our veterans yesterday, today, and tomorrow should be our pri-ority. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk, it is Jackson Lee Amendment No. 33, which simply provides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for the Department of Veteran Affairs— Benefits for Homeless Veterans and Training and Outreach Programs may be used in con-travention of the title 38, Part II, Chapter 20, Subchapter II and III of the U.S. Code. This amendment will help ensure that the rate of homelessness among veterans in the United States does not increase. I thank Subcommittee Chairman CALVERT  and Ranking Member W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ  for their hard work in shepherding this impor-tant legislation to the floor. I offer Jackson Lee Amendment No. 33 be-cause I believe reducing and eliminating homelessness among veterans, those who risked their lives to protect our freedom, should also be one of the nation’s highest pri-orities. Homelessness among the American veteran population is on the rise in the United States and we must be proactive in giving back to those who have given so much to us. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 33 will help focus the VA on its obligation to provide our veterans the assistance needed to avoid homelessness, which includes adequately funding for programs Veterans Administration Supportive Housing (VASH) that provide case- management services, adequate housing fa-cilities, mental health support, and address other areas that contribute to veteran home-lessness. VASH is a jointly-administered permanent supportive housing program for disabled Vet-erans experiencing homelessness in which VA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.009 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4991 June 8, 2018 
medical Centers provide referrals and case management while Public Housing Agencies (PHAs) administer the Section 8 housing vouchers. Mr. Chair, our veterans deserve the best services available, and I believe that we could be doing much more for them. Today, in our country, there are approxi-mately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. And perhaps twice as many (200,000) expe-rience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. Many other veterans are considered near homeless or at risk because of their poverty, lack of support from family and friends, and dismal living conditions in cheap hotels or in overcrowded or substandard housing. While significant progress has been made, ending homelessness among veterans re-mains a big challenge. In my hometown of Houston for example, between the years 2010 and 2017, the num-ber of homeless veterans increased from 771 to 1,162. We must remain vigilant and continue to fight for those who put on the uniform and fought for us. Providing a home for veterans to come home to every night is the very least we can do. Mr. Chair, programs like VASH have suc-ceeded in changing lives. In 2012 alone, 35,905 veterans lived in the public housing provided by VASH. I have seen the impact of such grants in my home state of Texas, and within my congres-sional district in Houston, and I am sure that this funding has positively impacted many communities across this country. In Texas, there are committed groups in Houston, working to eradicate the issue of homelessness. For example, the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center has been involved in changing veterans’ lives in a mighty way by providing Veterans and their families with access to af-fordable housing and medical services that will help them get back on their feet. Mr. Chair, we cannot let this issue of home-lessness continue. I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 33 and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending vet-eran homelessness in America. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition, al-though I don’t intend to oppose this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, we understand and commend the gentle-woman’s concern about safeguarding the homeless programs. Looking at what we have done, we have gotten in this bill $7.4 billion in homeless vet-erans’ treatment services, housing, and job training, and we certainly are going to keep in mind, when we go to conference, what the gentlewoman has presented us here today. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me again express my appreciation. As I indicated, there is a very solid and strong stand on this bill regarding providing for our homeless veterans. It is something that we contend with in our city of Houston, but we are grate-ful that the local officials are very con-cerned about it. I want to make sure as we go to con-ference that our focus will continue to be on making sure that maybe in our lifetime we extinguish this concept of homeless veterans and homelessness among veterans by providing them with a pathway to opportunity and suc-cess. So I ask my colleagues to support my amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 34 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administra-tion—Information Technology Systems’’ (and the amount specified under such head-ing for operations and maintenance), and by increasing the amount made available in fis-cal year 2019 for ‘‘Veterans Health Adminis-tration—Medical Services’’, by $2,500,000 and $2,000,000, respectively. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me explain the Jackson Lee amend-ment, which makes a modest but im-portant improvement to the bill by in-creasing the amount of funding for the supportive services for veterans’ fami-lies account by $2 million, offset by a certain amount to the $4 billion allo-cated to the VA’s information tech-nology systems. Let me read a story that talks about Liz, who is an Army veteran and a sin-gle mom: 
After losing her job, she struggled to pay the rent and provide for her daughter. Liz’s landlord said she had always been an excel-lent tenant, but his patience was wearing thin as her recent rent arrears continued to increase. Disheartened with a fruitless job search and unsure where else to turn, Liz came to the Veterans Outreach Center. She was immediately connected with a case man-ager, an employment specialist, and an ac-credited State benefits counselor, and the Supportive Services for Veteran Families team. I include in the R ECORD an article about Liz. 
‘‘HEROISM KNOWS NO GENDER ’’ Liz is an Army Veteran and a single mom. After losing her job, she struggled to pay the rent and provide for her daughter. Liz’s land-lord said she had always been an excellent tenant but his patience was wearing thin as her rent arrears continued to increase. Dis-heartened with a fruitless job search and un-sure of where else to turn, Liz came to the Veterans Outreach Center (VOC). She was immediately connected with a Case Man-ager, an Employment Specialist, an Accred-ited State Veterans Benefits Counselor, and the SSVF team. In order to avoid the immediate crisis of homelessness, the Services To Enable Posi-tive Solutions (S.T.E.P.S) program at the VOC paid Liz’s rent arrears, which had esca-lated to an amount that was insurmount-able. Within a few short days of connecting with the team at VOC, Liz had a job inter-view that resulted in full-time, meaningful employment. In less than a week, she had a benefits review with an on-site counselor from the New York State Division of Vet-erans Affairs during which she applied for an increase in disability compensation. The payment of Liz’s back rent allowed her and her daughter to keep a roof over their head. With a roof over their heads and their living situation stabilized, Liz was able to focus on her employment and securing her benefits, which are both components of an Individual Development Plan (IDP) that will help Liz sustain permanent housing in the future. The VOC was able to stabilize Liz and her daughter while concurrently providing the supportive services necessary for her to maintain permanent housing. The temporary financial assistance was delivered to the landlord in a timely, efficient manner with the help of a S.T.E.P.S collaborative partner. Through coordinated case management, the aforementioned supportive services were pro-vided quickly and effectively. The longterm result of this effort is yet to be determined, but at the 90-day benchmark, Liz has re-tained both her job and her home. She has realized this goal independently, without re-questing any additional financial assistance. Consequently, the VOC was able to better the lives of a mom (a Veteran) and her child immeasurably through SSVF funding. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. This is a very conspicuous and daily occurrence that happens where our veterans are able to go to a supportive team that under-stands their service, appreciates their plight, and works to help them so that they do not go into the cycle of home-lessness. I think it is particularly important when we think about veterans and their families. They are many times single parents, many times disabled or with family concerns, mental health needs, and these services that are pro-vided include healthcare, daily living, legal services, fiduciary and payee services, personal financial planning, childcare, transportation, and housing counseling. Veterans like the Air Force veteran who, hoping to utilize the skills he learned in the service, instead bounced from job to job after being discharged, found himself sleeping at night on the cold cement under a bridge in Chicago. But, of course, he was able to get the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.011 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4992 June 8, 2018 
support from our veterans support services. This is, again, a valuable statement made by this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to continue to support the services given by this particular pro-gram. Again, I hope that we will see the end of homelessness among our veterans and the increase in support services to help them in their pathway to success. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. b1000 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, our bill includes $340 million for the Supportive Services for Veteran Family Program, which is $20 million above the President’s budget request. But we understand the gentlewoman’s concerns and we will certainly keep them in mind in conference. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me close by acknowledging and thanking the chairman and ranking member again for their leadership on this bill and to remind my colleagues that there are a series of stories of vet-erans who really needed these services. Katie, an SSVF caseworker at the Salvation Army Bismarck, received a call from a veteran named Cherie. Cherie was referred by the family as-sistance adviser at the military service center in Bismarck. According to Cherie, she didn’t know the Salvation Army had the veterans program until she inquired for help. Cherie approached them. She had suf-fered a head injury resulting in a 3-inch blood clot, skull fracture, severe con-cussion. In short, she suffered trau-matic brain injury. While on unpaid medical leave via physician’s orders, she was terminated from her employer. This is the kind of devastating news that will be heard from veterans who will seek and receive this kind of help. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD articles explaining the plight of a veteran in Bismarck: 
HOW THE SALVATION ARMYHELPED A MOTHER  
ANDHERCHILDREN KEEPTHEIR HOME On December 20, 2011, Katie, an SSVF Caseworker at the Salvation Army Bismarck Corps, received a call from a Veteran named Cherie´. Cherie´was referred by the Family Assistance Advisor at the Military Service Center in Bismarck, ND. According to Cherie´, she ‘‘didn’t know the Salvation Army had the Veterans program until [she] re-quired help.’’ Cherie´approached the SSVF program because on November 19th, she suf-fered a head injury resulting in a 3-inch blood clot, skull fracture and a severe con-cussion; in short, she suffered a traumatic brain injury (TBI). While on unpaid medical leave via physician’s orders, she was termi-nated from her employer. A single mother of two, her biggest concern was maintaining her current residency. On December 21st, when Cherie´met with Katie, she was very emotional and had dif-ficulty processing her thoughts. She was ex-tremely overwhelmed with how to pay for her rent and utilities and provide for her children while unemployed. Katie provided emotional support as well as resources for a food box, an application for food stamps through the county, contact information for a Veterans employment team representative and lastly, information about a support group for women Veterans in the Bismarck community. In Cherie´’s own words, ‘‘The SSVF assistance provided peace of mind and helped keep me on my feet, especially with having kids. Katie has been such a calming influence, good about following up and very supportive.’’ Since Cherie´has been involved with the Salvation Army, she has been able to focus on recovering from her TBI, has found tem-porary full-time employment for which per-manent placement is promising, and is able to provide for her children and keep a roof over their heads. She’s also spreading the word to fellow Veterans throughout the state about the SSVF program. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I ask my col-leagues to support the program overall and my amendment. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to briefly explain Jackson Lee Amendment No. 34. Before I begin, let me express my apprecia-tion and thanks to good friends, Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Member W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , for their hard and constructive work in shepherding this legislation to the floor. Chairman C
ALVERT and I have worked to-gether constructively for many years and he has always distinguished himself as one of the more bipartisan members of the House. And Ranking Member W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ  has for years been one of the ablest Members of this body; I thank them both for their com-mitment to the important work of ensuring that our veterans receive the care and support they have earned from a grateful nation. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 34 makes a modest but important improvement to the bill by increasing the amount of funding for the ‘‘Supportive Services for Veterans’ Families’’ account by $2 million, offset by a reduction of $2.5 million to the $4 billion allocated to the VA’s ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ ac-count. Today, in our country, there are approxi-mately 107,000 veterans (male and female) who are homeless on any given night. Any perhaps twice as many (200,000) expe-rience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. The VA’s ‘‘Supportive Services for Veterans’ Families’’ Program helps veterans, and their families, who may have fallen on hard times or hit a rough patch in life and need a little help from the country they selflessly risked their life to defend. Homeless veterans or veterans facing homelessness who have minor age children are in need of special programs that allow housing that welcomes children. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 34 will enable this vital program to serve more veterans’ fam-ilies in need of help by provide a bit more funding for grants to private non-profit organi-zations and consumer cooperatives that pro-vide supportive services to very low-income veteran families living in or transitioning to per-manent housing. The SSVF Program ensures that eligible veteran families receive the outreach, case management, and assistance in obtaining VA and other benefits. These services may include health care, daily living, legal services, fiduciary and payee services, personal financial planning, child care, transportation, housing counseling. The SSVF Program enables VA staff and local homeless service providers to work to-gether to effectively address the unique chal-lenges that make it difficult for some veterans and their families to remain stably housed. Many homeless veterans, including in my own state of Texas, lack housing because they lost their job or could no longer afford rent; many suffer from an untreated mental ill-ness that keeps them from working. Every day the SSVF program makes a real difference in the lives of real people. Veterans like the Air Force veteran who, hoping to utilize the skills he learned in the service, instead bounced from job to job after being discharged and found himself sleeping at night on the cold cement under a bridge in Chicago. Through the Thresholds Veterans Project, funded through the SSVF, this hero received steady community service support and eventu-ally was placed in his own studio apartment. He now says, in his own words: I have a home. I enjoy bein’ inside.’’ Veterans like the one in Texas who because he lost his job at a manufacturing plant and was unable to pay the bills, was forced to seek shelter for himself and his family at a homeless shelter. Fortunately, the homeless shelter was a SSVF grantee and was able to assist the vet-eran obtain employment and his family in se-curing affordable low-cost housing. There are thousands of similar success sto-ries made possible by the SSVF Program that I could share but all of them share a common theme: they involve veterans who served their country proudly, fell down on their luck, picked themselves back up, and found affordable and sustainable housing for their families because of the assistance and support made possible by the SSVF program. Ensuring that veterans have a place of their own to call home is the very least we can do. I urge my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee Amendment and commit ourselves to the hard but necessary work of ending veteran homelessness in America. I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 34. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 35 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.025 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4993 June 8, 2018 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to implement, administer, or enforce section 17.3240 of title 38, Code of Federal Regulations, as proposed in 82 Fed. Reg. 48018 (October 16, 2017). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my commonsense amendment to ensure our Nation’s in-jured and amputee veterans will con-tinue to have the ability to choose the orthotist or prosthetist that best meets his or her healthcare needs, whether that practitioner is a VA em-ployee or a VA-contracted provider. The VA currently is proposing a rule that I fear will reverse a decades-old policy of allowing injured and amputee veterans to choose who provides their artificial limbs and orthotic braces. The VA would have the sole authority to make what they describe as this ‘‘administrative business decision.’’ But choice of provider is a clinical decision and an important patient pro-tection. These men and women have sacrificed greatly for our country and it is imperative we do everything we can to make sure they receive the timely and patient-centered healthcare they have earned and deserve. O&P care is very intimate and spe-cialized, and the correct practitioner for that veteran makes all the dif-ference in the lifestyle the veteran leads. We should do everything we can do in our power to make the often dif-ficult and frustrating transition from service to civilian life as easy as pos-sible, especially when veterans have in-curred a disabling condition. This has been a very important issue to me, and I would like to take the time to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative R
UTHERFORD , for working with me on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I would also like to thank both the Appropriations Com-mittee and the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee for working with me on this im-portant and timely issue. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and empower our veterans in making their personal healthcare decisions, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, we understand that to allay con-cerns regarding this proposed rule, the VA is planning to propose a supple-mental rule to amend it. But we will monitor the situation. As we move to conference with the Senate, we will keep this in mind and be glad to work the gentleman. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his commit-ment and I certainly respect his posi-tion and that he will carry that out. I have legislation to do this, but this is the opportunity to at least make the point and give some certainty to our veterans that their care has and will be taken in deep and grateful consider-ation. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support this amendment and empower our veterans in making their personal healthcare decisions, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MS . ESHOO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 36 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title) insert the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this division may be used to convey the 17.1 acres of land and the 126 existing housing units known as Shenandoah Square and located in Mountain View, California. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will prevent the Army from moving forward with its plan to sell 17 acres of Federal land and 126 military housing units known as Shen-andoah Square in the heart of my con-gressional district. Shenandoah Square is located next to Moffett Federal Airfield in Mountain View, California, and houses 108 mili-tary and civilian families serving in the Air National Guard, the Army Na-tional Guard, the U.S. Navy, the U.S. Coast Guard, and the U.S. Marine Corps. Established in 2004, Shenandoah Square is part of the California Mili-tary Communities privatized military housing entity, which consists of 2,900 homes located at Fort Irwin, Camp Parks, Moffett Federal Airfield, and Shenandoah Square. This entity is overleveraged and is in hundreds of millions of dollars in debt because of the Army’s decision to over-invest in housing at Fort Irwin that as-sumed greater than realized gains in the Basic Housing Allowance provided to servicemembers. Now the Army is justifying its sale of Shenandoah Square on the grounds that there is declining demand for military housing in the bay area, but this is hardly the case. In fact, it is ab-surd. I have met with the families and servicemembers living at Shenandoah Square who serve in the region with the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, Navy, and the Coast Guard. The resi-dents have consistently raised concerns that the property management com-pany contracted by the Army has been working to drive out the remaining military personnel living in the Shen-andoah complex to artificially depress military demand for housing to justify its decision to sell the land. My Silicon Valley district is facing one of the most severe housing crises in the country, and the 17 acres of land that Shenandoah sits on is some of the most valuable in our entire country. Clearly, the Army is selling Shen-andoah Square to pay down the debt it created and keep the California Mili-tary Communities entity from going bankrupt. This is really wrong and does a huge disservice to the military families living in this housing. This House is already on record ex-pressing concerns about the Army’s plans to sell Shenandoah Square. I of-fered an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act for 2019 ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the Army should explore all possible alter-natives to a sale, including subleasing the property to an entity that can bet-ter develop affordable housing on the property, and the amendment was adopted by a voice vote. The Army can pursue a win-win situ-ation by subleasing this land to one of the many willing partners in Silicon Valley seeking to develop housing and generate a regular stream of income to make this LLC whole again, but they refuse to. Mr. Chairman, I want to make some-thing very clear. I would support new housing for our military families if they included our military families. They are offering housing for 8 fami-lies, when we have 109. I think that this is really unacceptable. We can’t allow military families to be left without housing as they serve our country in one of the most expen-sive housing markets in the country. That is why I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition, al-though I will not oppose the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
YRNE ). Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, the FY2018 omnibus included re-port language asking the Army to look at alternatives for conveying this prop-erty. We have yet to receive this re-port. This amendment has no effect, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.015 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4994 June 8, 2018 
the underlying bill does not include any funding for the conveyance of this property. Mr. Chairman, for that reason, I will not oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transfer funds made available for the following programs: (1) The Homeless Providers Grant and Per Diem program. (2) The Domiciliary Care for Homeless Vet-erans program. (3) The Supportive Services for Veteran Families program. (4) The Department of Housing and Urban Development Department of Veterans Af-fairs Supported Housing (HUD–VASH) pro-grams. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to divi-sion C of the Appropriations bill re-lated to the Department of Veterans Affairs. In September 2017, the VA issued a plan to shift funding away from pro-grams that helped homeless veterans. After national outcry, the proposal was tabled, but that attempt is the reason for my amendment. Its goal is simple: It prohibits taking funding from VA programs that pro-vide services to homeless veterans, in-cluding the Homeless Providers Grant and Per Diem program, a clinical reha-bilitation and treatment program, the Supportive Services for Veteran Fami-lies Program, and HUD–VASH housing vouchers. Congress has made money available in a bipartisan way to reduce homeless-ness for veterans. It is unconscionable that the VA would use funds specifi-cally intended for that purpose on an-other purpose. San Diego County has the third-larg-est veterans population nationwide, be-hind Los Angeles and Maricopa Coun-ties. This is why, since being elected, I have worked with my colleagues to provide more funding and services to veterans who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless. I have furthered this work over the last year and a half as a member of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. These vets took an oath to protect our country, and now America must keep its promise to take care of them. They should not be struggling, and they most certainly should not be liv-ing on the streets. San Diego has achieved some progress in getting vets off the streets and into housing in recent years. Other cities, like Salt Lake City, New Orle-ans, and Houston, have reached func-tional zero, which means that home-lessness among veterans is rare, brief, and nonrecurring. But across the coun-try, the problem is still far too preva-lent. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment that will help protect valu-able resources that our veterans des-perately need, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to fund veterans homelessness programs and to make sure that Federal dollars committed to that purpose are used for that impor-tant need. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, the committee opposed the Department’s tentative decision last fall to convert almost a billion dollars of funding for homeless programs from special purpose funding to general pur-pose funding. This action would have been a funda-mental change to the manner in which medical care funding is allocated to the field, and I support giving more local flexibility to Veterans Integrated Service Networks and medical center directors. b1015 However, I strongly support trans-parency when it comes to changing the levels that Congress sets for VA pro-grams. We are the appropriations institu-tion. We are the ones that make those decisions. The proposed realignment by VA would have potentially risked fund-ing for essential programs such as the Supportive Services for Veteran Fami-lies Program. Thankfully, after numerous discus-sions with the committee and public outrage, the Department decided not to move forward with its proposal in FY18. We fully expect for the VA to comply with the levels that we set for programs; and if the levels need to be adjusted, then the VA must consult with Congress before making changes. I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia for his amendment, and I believe it sends a strong message to the De-partment that it must respect congres-sional priorities. I urge all Members to support the gentleman’s amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division C (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank Chairman C
ARTER and Ranking Member W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ  for their hard work on behalf of the 63,000 veterans in my district, as well as servicemembers and veterans across the country. Mr. Chairman, I am grateful to once again have the opportunity to offer this important amendment, which would simply prohibit any funds made available in this act from being used to propose, to plan for, or to execute a new or additional round of BRAC. Mr. Chairman, I am privileged to rep-resent the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Texas, which is home to the Red River Army Depot. The Depot has supported the warfighter since 1941; and although the Depot community has weathered a lot of changes over the years, its commitment to mission has remained the same. On the placards in-side of every vehicle are the words ‘‘We build it as if our lives depend on it. Theirs do.’’ The Depot is a vital job creator in northeast Texas, and it is a critical component, Mr. Chairman, of our na-tional defense. In this fiscal environ-ment, we have to be careful stewards of taxpayer dollars and focus our limited resources on addressing critical na-tional security objectives and our mili-tary readiness. Having another round of BRAC simply won’t help us achieve this goal. To that point, the Government Ac-countability Office said that the last round of BRAC back in 2005 cost the American taxpayers over $35 billion, which was 67 percent more than the original cost estimate. Starting another round of BRAC would weaken our capabilities while 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.032 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4995 June 8, 2018 
increasing our vulnerabilities in the face of critical threats facing our Na-tion right now. I would like to thank my colleagues who have supported this important amendment for the past 3 years, and I look forward to having this amend-ment included in the MILCON-VA ap-propriations bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I do oppose this amendment. I, like many Members, have concerns and share the gentleman’s concerns about another round of BRAC. I realize that this is a complex issue for all Members of Congress, especially those with mili-tary facilities in their district. I know that previous rounds of BRAC have ended up being far more expensive and expansive than we were initially led to believe. However, I have con-cerns about maintaining the infra-structure that the Department of De-fense doesn’t need. For example, the es-timate of excess capacity for the Army is 22 percent. The Air Force’s estimate of excess capacity is roughly 30 per-cent. I can tell you that, since I became the ranking member of this sub-committee, when I have traveled around the world, almost to a person, when we have spoken to a leader on a military base, they raise the issue of needing to go through another round of BRAC. Both the Army and the Air Force are strong supporters of another BRAC round. While this amendment has no real ef-fect, it does send a message that Con-gress is unwilling to tackle a tough issue. This amendment is an abdication of our duties as Members of this House to ensure taxpayer resources are being used in a wise and fiscally responsible way. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment and have a se-rious conversation about another BRAC round. While I am not suggesting that we support another BRAC round, we should not be tying our hands by tak-ing it off the table. Mr. Chair, I urge Members to oppose the amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, I yield to my colleague from Texas, Chairman C
ARTER . Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of the gentle-man’s amendment. I want to reassure my fellow Texans that this sub-committee is committed to protecting the installations in the great State of Texas, and I will be on top of that. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, just to reiterate, we shouldn’t be taking any method that gives us an op-portunity to be fiscally responsible and save money off the table. Our friends on the other side of the aisle consistently talk a good game about being fiscally responsible, blow holes in the deficit by passing massive tax scam legislation of a $1.5 trillion deficit expansion, and include amend-ments like this one that prevent the military, who have asked repeatedly to be able to at least engage in a discus-sion about another BRAC round, to save millions of dollars and close facili-ties that are no longer needed. Yet, the last several years, the majority has re-fused to make the tough decisions and at least have a discussion about this. It is not responsible. Certainly not fiscally responsible. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, as we complete debate on these three bills and these amendments, I would like to say a few words in clos-ing. I know I join my ranking member, Mrs. L
OWEY , in thanking our col-leagues for the very constructive and civil debate over the last couple of days. I thank the chairman, certainly Judge C
ARTER , as well as Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and their coun-terparts for the other two bills, for being involved in work products that have been part of an open and collabo-rative process. The Appropriations Committee re-ceived over 57,000 Member requests to our database and through our Member Day hearings, the majority of which are reflected in the bills that have been discussed over the last couple of days. Secondly, now Members have the op-portunity to further make their mark through the amendment process on the floor. The result, after two days here, is that we have legislation that truly represents the priorities of the Amer-ican people. These priorities include caring for our veterans, our troops, and their families; rebuilding our Armed Forces; sustaining our national de-fense; and investing in essential infra-structure that grows our economy and creates jobs. I urge all of my colleagues, both Re-publicans and Democrats, to support these bills. These are bills that fund Federal programs that all Americans, especially our veterans and our troops, rely on to keep themselves safe, pro-tect their lives and livelihoods, and preserve our Nation’s ideals. These are programs that all of us can support. H.R. 5895 begins the 2019 appropria-tions process on a strong footing and fulfills our commitment to the Amer-ican people that we will get our work done on their behalf, and I urge my col-leagues to pass the bill as we go ahead to vote in the near future. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 39 will not be offered. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chair-man of the full committee and our ranking member, Mrs. L
OWEY , for the incredible work that they have done to get us to this point. While in the minority we have had some concerns about the process, the opportunity to work closely side by side with our colleagues, the oppor-tunity that I had to work with Chair-man D
ENT and looking forward to working with Chairman C
ARTER , is really an example of how we should be working together throughout the en-tire legislative process. I want to thank our staff for doing a remarkable job on this work product, and I look forward to continuing to conference. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of Ranking Member L
OWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Chair, I acknowl-edge the work of the appropriators. As an appropriator myself, I have great re-spect for the work that they do. But I have concerns about the bill that is be-fore us on the floor today. Mr. Chair, as you know, a budget should be a statement of our national values. What is important to us as a Nation should be how we allocate our resources in that budget, and its mani-festations in terms of appropriations bills should not be doing harm. This is really a partisan spending bill that tramples over some of our American values, gutting smart investments in our economy, hurting Americans’ health, and endangering families. The Republicans are pushing forward a minibus appropriations bill that fails to protect the interests of the Amer-ican people. Many of us have been attracted to the political process—as moms, as par-ents—to effect public policy to pro-mote the well-being of our children in ways that are beyond our own control. We can give them all the love, atten-tion, and care, but we cannot guar-antee the quality of air that they breathe, the cleanliness of the water that they drink, and the world in which they live in terms of the environment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.037 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4996 June 8, 2018 
So I have very serious concerns about the danger posed in the Energy and Water portion of this bill. It cuts vital clean energy initiatives, even as gas prices surge because of the President’s reckless policies. It attacks job-cre-ating investments in transformational energy technologies and slashes fund-ing for critical nuclear nonprolifera-tion priorities. In terms of the children of whom I spoke earlier, this GOP bill also in-cludes unacceptable poison pill riders that permit deadly firearms to be car-ried on public land, assaults the clean water our children drink, encourages pollution of our oceans, and pushes our Nation’s already endangered species to-ward extinction. This bad bill is a first step in the Re-publicans’ plan to choke off funding— and this is really the critical part of it for me—for vital Democratic priorities for America’s families later in the ap-propriations process. It paves the way for their plan to starve key invest-ments in health, education, and good- paying jobs for communities across the country. Mr. Chairman, the Republicans are wasting everyone’s time when we should be focused on meeting the ur-gent needs of the American people. The majority has spent this entire Congress stacking the deck for special interests, as they do in these poison pills in this bill, while undermining the interests of families. The Democrats are focusing on what matters in the lives of the American people. We are committed to giving the American people A Better Deal: Better Jobs, Better Pay, Better Future; and for our children, not to promote air pollution, which is what this bill would do, but to eliminate it. I urge my colleagues to join in voting ‘‘no’’ on this bill for our economy. You know what the sad part of it is: it is so close to doing a better job for the American people. The poison pills take it in a bad direction. The process under which it was put forth is harmful to other priorities that I know we share in a bipartisan way across the aisle. Hopefully we can work more closely as we go forward in a bipartisan way. That is the tradition of the Appropria-tions Committee. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, with all due respect to the minority leader, the process has been collabo-rative, Republicans and Democrats. These are the three bills that have his-torically received both Republican and Democratic support. They embody American values. What could be more important than looking after our veterans and their families? Energy and water, infrastruc-ture. We are enormously proud of the work of both the chairs and ranking members. I urge Members, both Repub-licans and Democrats, to support these bills, as they historically have done, and look after the interests of the American people, especially those who serve in our military today and those who have paid the supreme sacrifice. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b1030 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. B
YRNE , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 31 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1045 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 10 o’clock and 45 minutes a.m. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 923 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5895. Will the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) kindly take the chair. b1046 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 115–712 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) had been disposed of. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 115– 712 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 10 by Mr. G
OHMERT  of Texas. Amendment No. 15 by Mr. M
EADOWS  of North Carolina. Amendment No. 16 by Mr. T
AKANO of California. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . GOHMERT  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B YRNE ). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 212, noes 201, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 253] AYES—212 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.038 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4997 June 8, 2018 
Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—201 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Beatty Brady (TX) Cheney Costello (PA) Diaz-Balart Kennedy Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Shuster Tsongas Walters, Mimi Walz 
b1110 Mr. RICE of South Carolina changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. WOMACK, SANFORD, CRAMER, BACON, and HILL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 207, noes 201, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 254] AYES—207 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Barletta Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—201 
Adams Aguilar Banks (IN) Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Hanabusa Handel Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Barton Beatty Brady (TX) Cheney Costello (PA) Gutie´rrez Huffman Kennedy Noem O’Halleran Palazzo Polis Reed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.020 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4998 June 8, 2018 
Sewell (AL) Shuster Tsongas Walters, Mimi Walz Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1115 Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. REED. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 254. Stated against: Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chair, during rollcall vote No. 254 on H.R. 5895, I mistakenly re-corded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 195, noes 217, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 255] AYES—195 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Hultgren Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—217 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cole Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Larson (CT) Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Neal Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—15 
Beatty Brady (TX) Cheney Collins (GA) Costello (PA) Huffman Kennedy Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Shuster Tsongas Walters, Mimi Walz 
b1120 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). There being no further amendments under House Resolution 923, the Com-mittee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 923, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution and by House Resolution 918, back to the House with sundry further amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. I op-pose the bill in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire moves to re-commit the bill H.R. 5895 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Page 135, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,200,000)’’. Page 131, line 9, after ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ insert ‘‘, and $10,000,000 shall become avail-able on October 1, 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire is rec-ognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill nor send it back to committee. If 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.021 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4999 June 8, 2018 
adopted, the bill will immediately pro-ceed to final passage as amended. As a member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I have made robust funding for veterans’ healthcare and benefits a top priority. New Hampshire is one of only three States without a full-service VA Hos-pital, which creates unique challenges for Granite State veterans’ access to care, particularly in the rural parts of my State. Thankfully for the veterans of New Hampshire and the Nation, this Con-gress came together to pass historic bi-partisan reform for the VA Community Care program, known as the Veterans Choice Program. That program provided veterans a choice to see their preferred healthcare provider within their community. How-ever, in the wake of the Phoenix VA scandal, the implementation of this program fragmented veterans’ care, ac-cording to GAO reports, and even ex-tended wait times for veterans using the Choice program. Reform was much needed, and I was proud to cosponsor the bill known as the VA MISSION Act that would streamline healthcare and ensure con-tinuity of care for those who have ‘‘borne the battle.’’ VA has some of the best healthcare in the country, healthcare that is spe-cialized for the unique wounds of war, both seen and unseen, and healthcare that is provided by physicians experi-enced in understanding veterans. Inte-grating it with the rest of our Nation’s healthcare is paramount to improving veterans’ quality of life. Yet, despite this historic act of Con-gress, the Trump administration has indicated that they would not only spurn the will of Congress, but under-mine the very system of integrated healthcare that veterans have de-manded. This last week, the adminis-tration has deemed it necessary to pur-posefully underfund portions of the re-form because it did not meet their de-sired outcomes. In other words, and let’s be frank, the administration wanted to privatize the VA and was displeased that the Senate, the House, and a near unanimous group of veterans service organizations had worked together to create a common-sense, integrated healthcare system to ensure that veterans received the best care possible. The possibility that the administra-tion undermines the VA’s Community Care program should not be taken lightly. And since the start of this ad-ministration, we have seen leaked memos that show the true intent to circumvent the will of Congress and, most notably, to slash homeless vet-erans’ funding at a time when home-lessness is on the rise. My motion to recommit will provide additional funding to the VA medical services account, will ensure that VA hospitals will have the funding to help address the persistent provider short-ages that stymie the delivery of qual-ity medical healthcare for our veterans and will provide the resources they need to give veterans the healthcare they deserve. It is unconscionable that this admin-istration would purposefully pull the rug out from underneath our veterans by denying them access to convenient care and preferred medical providers. It is time we put partisan politics aside and come together to ensure that all veterans can go to the VA medical cen-ters and receive the care they need. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to re-commit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, each year, it is our constitutional duty to provide funding for the Federal Gov-ernment. We began that process on the House floor yesterday, considering three very important funding bills: En-ergy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Vet-erans’ Affairs. b1130 Mr. Chairman, these three bills focus on bipartisan values, caring for our veterans and military families, rebuild-ing our Armed Forces, strengthening our national security, and investing in critical and essential water and energy infrastructure. These are among the highest priorities as Congressmen and women. Please vote against the motion to recommit and support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minutes votes on: Passage of the bill; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 187, noes 225, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 256] AYES—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.048 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5000 June 8, 2018 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—15 
Beatty Brady (TX) Cheney Costa Costello (PA) Huffman Kennedy McSally Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Tsongas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1136 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 235, nays 179, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 257] YEAS—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—179 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Labrador Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Beatty Brady (TX) Cheney Costello (PA) Huffman Kennedy Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Tsongas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1143 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for the vote on passage of H.R. 5895 (rollcall No. 257), but had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on final passage. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, due to an unavoidable scheduling conflict, I was un-able to cast my votes on time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 253, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 254, ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 255, ‘‘Nay’’ on roll-call No. 256, and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 257. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on the day of June 8th, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and as a result, I was absent for rollcall votes 254–257. Had I been present for the rollcall vote 254, on Agreeing to the Amendment, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Had I been present for the rollcall vote 255, on Agreeing to the Amendment, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Had I been present for the rollcall vote 256, on motion to recommit with Instructions, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Had I been present for the rollcall vote 257, on passage of H.R. 5895, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
REPORT ON HOUSE RESOLUTION 898 DIRECTING SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY TO TRANSMIT CERTAIN DOCUMENTS Mr. KATKO, from the Committee on Homeland Security, submitted an ad-verse privileged report (Rept. No. 115– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.029 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5001 June 8, 2018 
714) on the resolution (H. Res. 898) di-recting the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relat-ing to Department of Homeland Secu-rity policies and activities relating to homeland security information pro-duced and disseminated regarding cy-bersecurity threats posed by the ZTE Corporation, headquartered in Shenzhen, China, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the major-ity leader the schedule for the week to come. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morn-ing hour and at 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. All of these bills will be focusing on one thing: fighting our Nation’s opioid epi-demic. America has the greatest mission statement in the world: form a more perfect Union. This is our task here. I am encouraged by all of the good things I am seeing around the country. We have 6.7 million jobs open. We have just created our millionth job since the tax cut has been passed. Unemploy-ment is tying a 50-year low. In fact, Mr. Speaker, in the last 49 years, there has only been 7 months where unem-ployment has been below 4 percent, and two of those months were April and May that we just went through. Americans’ net worth has increased to $100 trillion. That is $7 trillion since the election, the highest we have ever seen. We also just passed last night, Mr. Speaker, the largest rescission package in the history of Congress. But I also know that it is our respon-sibility to work every day to make our Nation even stronger. So, Mr. Speaker, we are in the middle of the deadliest drug crisis in history. For the first time, drug overdoses are now the lead-ing cause of death for Americans under the age of 50. 174 of our friends and family, our neighbors, are lost every day to substance abuse. Simply put, we need all hands on deck to attack this crisis. That is why we will bring over 60 bills from eight different committees to the floor in the coming weeks to combat this crisis and save lives. This includes: H.R. 5788, the Securing the Inter-national Mail Against Opioids Act, sponsored by Representative MIKE B
ISHOP . This bill will close loopholes in international shipping to stop the flow of synthetic opioids; Next, H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act, sponsored by Representative A
NDY B
ARR, which would establish a pilot program for evidence-based transi-tional housing nonprofits that have ex-perience in recovery and skills train-ing; H.R. 2851, the Stop Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, sponsored by Representative J
OHN K
ATKO . This bill will enable law en-forcement to more swiftly respond to synthetic drugs and keep our commu-nities safe. Along with numerous other bills, passing these will truly help us form a more perfect Union. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I want to con-gratulate my friend across the aisle. We are no strangers to droughts in California, but a 44-year championship drought is quite something. So congrats to my friend’s beloved Wash-ington Capitals on finally winning Lord Stanley’s cup. It was a fun series to watch. It was a well-deserved vic-tory for your team and for all of the fans of this region. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for the information he has given us, and I certainly thank him for his comments at the close of his initial statement on the colloquy. We are all ecstatic, as I am sure the gentleman can understand, that after 44 years—and I might say I was an ini-tial season ticket holder to the Wash-ington Capitals, who started their ca-reer at the Capital Center in Prince George’s County under the ownership and tutelage of Abe Pollin, an extraor-dinary member of our community who died, and then now under Ted Leonsis’ leadership, and, of course, Alex Ovechkin’s extraordinary accomplish-ments of his own, being named the most valuable player. And I might say, as I know the gen-tleman would join me in saying, the Las Vegas team had an extraordinary accomplishment themselves, being the first expansion team ever to make it to the finals in the National Champion-ship. So, it was a wonderful night for those of us who live in the Washington Na-tional Capital area, and we thank the gentleman for his observation. Let me say as well, that we share the gentleman’s happiness that the econ-omy is doing well. It is doing well. What he did not observe, but we are happy about, is that President Obama, under his leadership, took this econ-omy from the worst economy that the gentleman and I have experienced in our lifetimes to one of the best. Now, it was not the best, because the best economy was under Bill Clinton in the late 1990s in terms of almost every indication. But it is certainly positive information, as the gentleman has pointed out, of where the economy is now. So we all welcome that. We are hope-ful, of course, that we will build on that. The gentleman mentions there are over 6 million jobs available. One of the challenges, as the gentleman knows, is that we don’t have the skill sets matching the jobs, and that is why they are vacant. That is why they are unable to fill them. We need to, I think, focus on that. We need to focus on investing in our infrastructure. But as was mentioned on the floor yesterday in terms of a couple of the bills T
IMRYAN, in particular, men-tioned, there are still 4 in 10 adults who can’t pay a $400 bill if it came present. So we have work to do, and hopefully we can do that together. But it certainly is good news that un-employment is down and the economy is moving along, continuing in the path that, from our perspective, was set by President Obama, and that President Trump, unlike President Obama, inher-ited a thriving, robust, growing econ-omy. So I am pleased that we have gone to that place. Now, I know the gentleman indicated that a number of opioid-related bills will be on the floor next week. I talked to the chairman of the committee yes-terday, the gentleman from Oregon, and most of those are bipartisan bills. I hope all of them will end up, as they come to the floor, as bipartisan bills. The addiction crisis, of course, re-quires that we invest in a comprehen-sive, long-term approach to expanding access to substance abuse treatment. I hope we can tackle this issue in a meaningful and bipartisan way. But I do want to address a number of other upcoming items for this work period, starting with the farm bill. As the gentleman knows, last month, the farm bill failed on the House floor, and we have until June 22 to recon-sider. My question is: Does the gen-tleman expect that we will see a farm bill on the floor by June 22? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. The answer to the question is yes. I believe the farm bill is incredibly important for so many reasons. The food and agriculture industry drive more than 43 million jobs, over a quar-ter of all American jobs. And it is what you talked about ear-lier. Yes, the economy is moving so well after the tax cut: more than 3 mil-lion new jobs, more than 1 million just since the tax cut bill went through, we recently reached. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.054 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5002 June 8, 2018 
And the other challenge we now find ourselves in, and it is an interesting challenge we haven’t found ourselves in in quite some time: there are 6.7 mil-lion jobs out there, but only 6.3 million people looking for them. It has been the reverse for quite some time, and we are actually in a stronger position, so we need to have job training. The uniqueness of this farm bill, it provides those able bodies who do not have underage children, that we are going to give them the training to help them get into the workforce. So it is just more good news, and our intention is to pass that this month; and as soon as it is scheduled, I will inform all Members. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his observation. He talks about work. We are requir-ing those to work to work in order to get government benefits. What is con-troversial about that? Democrats support work. We want to see people working. We oppose, how-ever, your SNAP proposal because it is antiwork. You are taking a work re-quirement that is working and replac-ing it with one that won’t work. This is not about putting people to work. It is about pretending that you care about work as cover for taking as-sistance away from struggling families. As a result of this bill, there will be fewer working—I know the majority leader wants to hear this particular piece of information. As a result of this bill as it is cur-rently written, there will be fewer working SNAP beneficiaries, not more, and millions more people going hungry. That is the working poor who are get-ting nutritional assistance for them-selves and their families. There will be less of them under your bill. I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Well, I thank my friend for yielding, and this is just a clear example of the difference in phil-osophical opinion. b1200 We had this same debate when it came to the tax bill—that it was going to be Armageddon; if people got bo-nuses, it would be crumbs; and that we would be in a really worse position than we are. Well, as we found out, Mr. Speaker, that is totally untrue. The economy is stronger. Again, in the last 49 years there has only been 7 months in the history of America where unemploy-ment was below 4 percent. Two of those seven months are April and May of this year. We just hit 1 million new jobs, based upon that tax cut. More so since the election. Household wealth has in-creased by $7 trillion just since the election. Now, this is the philosophical dif-ference. Currently, two-thirds of able- bodied adults report no earned income at all. Why? Because the SNAP program is letting them down. Not a single child or fam-ily who currently qualifies will be cut off. Our proposal only applies to those age 18 to 59. It exempts pregnant women, individuals who are mentally or physically disabled, and the primary caregivers of a child under the age of 6. What we do is give them the job train-ing to get back into the workforce. Because of that, according to the Foundation for Government Account-ability, 83 percent of Americans sup-port work requirements for SNAP. That includes 71 percent of Democrats. Unfortunately, when that bill came to the floor, every Democrat said no. Mr. Speaker, that was the same thing that happened when we gave the Amer-ican public tax cuts and created new jobs and the lowest unemployment— unemployment claims gives you the best projection of unemployment—in 44 years. Forty-four years, Mr. Speaker. Do you know another statistic that just came out? Small businesses are the greatest creators of new jobs. Since 1974 they have always surveyed them and they asked them this question: Is now a good time to expand? Mr. Speaker, remember what a small business is. They don’t have a great amount of capital. It is at its highest level since they took this poll. So I don’t mind having a philo-sophical difference of agreement, be-cause there is a contrast between us. There is a contrast in philosophy. One believes it would be Armageddon if you let people keep more of what they earn. The facts don’t pan out. Thankfully, we were successful, Mr. Speaker. The American people can keep more. The other thing that happened, Mr. Speaker, is that 48 out of 50 States have a lower electrical bill. Also, in one company, 1.2 million of their em-ployees have longer maternity leave. The sad part is, I wish I could have sat here and said: As America, making it a more perfect Union, this whole body voted for it. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, one side had to carry the load. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman is ecstatic about recent statis-tics. I think that he has, of course, warrant to be. Let me read to the gentleman statis-tics over a 68-year period where Demo-crats have had the Presidency and Re-publicans have had the Presidency on and off. The gentleman’s words are al-most exactly the same words I heard in 2001 and 2003 when we were told and the country was told, if we adopted those tax bills that the gentleman is so very proud of—which is plunging our coun-try $1.8 trillion into additional debt, which he and his party wrung their hands about so repeatedly—and that the CBO says is a result of what I be-lieve to be the most fiscally irrespon-sible Congress in which I have served. Let me repeat that. I have served in 18 Congresses. I believe this past Con-gress to be, this Congress that we are in, the most fiscally irresponsible Con-gress in which I have served. Yes, we have a philosophical dif-ference. You gave 83 percent of your tax revenues to the richest people in America. CBO says that; I don’t say that. And 17 percent to all the rest; i.e., some 300 million-plus Americans. Yes, we have a philosophical dif-ference. We would have suggested that the mix be a little fairer to those in the middle and the bottom of the economic growth. But, no, you chose to give your benefits to the wealthiest in America. Not surprising. It is trickle-down eco-nomics one more time. In 2001 and 2003, what happened? You did the tax cuts. And what happened 6 years later? The country was plunged into the deep-est recession you, Mr. Majority Leader, or me have ever experienced in our life. As a matter of fact, you have to be over 90 years of age to have experi-enced a deeper recession than was brought on by the Bush economic poli-cies in the last decade, a depth of reces-sion which the Obama policies brought us out of faster than any other nation in the world. Those are the statistics. Faster than any other nation. The stock market— we are all about the stock market. The stock market went up almost 300 per-cent under Barack Obama. Now, when you get to 300 percent, we will about how well you have done. We will see what your trade policies that the President is imposing on the country do to employers and to employees and to consumers. We will see. But let me tell you what has hap-pened over the last 68 years under Democratic Presidents and under Re-publican Presidents. The gentleman wants to know about history. Under Republican Presidents over the 36 years that your party enjoyed control of the Presidency, the GDP grew by an average of 2.5 percent. Under Demo-crats for 32 years, by 4.1 percent. Now, what did that 1.6 percent dif-ference mean? What it meant was, under Republican Presidents over the last 68 years, 35 million jobs were created. The gen-tleman talks about jobs. Under Demo-cratic Presidents—4 less years, 32 years—there were 64.960 million jobs created. Now, I hope, unlike your past per-formance, that the job growth con-tinues, that the stock market increase continues, but that has not been the history. We will see. So I hope that when you deal with the farm bill, notwithstanding your statistics, that you bring a bipartisan bill. Very frankly, the farm bill has historically been a farm bill. But what you did was passed a tax bill giving the rich 83 percent of its benefits. And in the farm bill you were taking nutri-tional assistance away from families and children. That is why you couldn’t pass it, among other reasons. It was not bipartisan, as it was two Con-gresses ago when we reauthorized this. You tried to cut the SNAP program by $40 billion. The gentleman well knows the Sen-ate is not pursuing your policies either 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.056 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5003 June 8, 2018 
on the Republican side or the Demo-cratic side. You are missing a lot of good infor-mation. The fact of the matter is, you know your farm bill is not going to pass the Senate. Mr. Leader, on the farm bill I would urge you to come together with us. I don’t know that there is a more bipar-tisan member of this Congress than C
OLLIN PETERSON , the ranking Demo-cratic on the Agriculture Committee. Very frankly, the chairman was not in-terested in a bipartisan bill. I don’t know whether it was by direction or his own view. But let us come to a bipartisan agreement on this farm bill and pass it over to the Senate so that you can do something, not just talk about how you are reducing nutritional assistance to people that rely on it for their food every day. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would be upset, too, if I voted against every economic bill brought to this floor that had the opportunity to grow America—and the statistics prove it. It is not me saying it. It is The New York Times. To be frank, Mr. Speaker, I don’t think they have ever said many nice things about Republicans. But this is what they said about the economics of today: ‘‘We ran out of words to de-scribe how good the job numbers are. The economy is in a sweet spot, with steady growth and broad improvement in the labor market.’’ That is The New York Times. I don’t have a problem if you are upset by the fact that the economy is exactly what we said would happen if we got the economic changes we de-sired. Just as when we looked at de-regulation, we will continue to make this move forward. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have heard many times on the other side of the aisle in these colloquies: Work with us. Work with us on CHIP. But, Mr. Speaker, they are being di-rected by people higher up not to work with us in the committee, just as they said not to work with us on the farm bill, when we were working together the whole time. But we kept the things they wanted inside that bill. Just as we voted on this floor a little earlier today, there was a message that went out from the leader on the other side to not vote at all. So they held their votes until it passed, and 23 brave, courageous individuals on the other side broke from the letter that the leadership asked them not to vote for. What was it about? It was about VA and veterans. I think you have got to stop playing politics. Just last night on this floor, Mr. Speaker, I heard from my dear friend who was very concerned because there was an agreement and the trust was going to be broken. Even though at the end of the day he couldn’t vote for that agreement and trust that we worked so hard together on in an omni, that if we did anything in a rescission package to cut funding that the taxpayers would want us to do, that he couldn’t deal with the omni. So I took him at his word. He said: You had 1, 2, 3 years in these commit-tees. They just sat there in these pro-grams. There is a program in there that has $4.7 billion parked by the Obama ad-ministration to help fund electric cars. What was the one automotive company that went bankrupt and took the money as well? Fisker. That is $4.7 bil-lion. Nothing has been done on that since 2011. So I took him at his word. We worked with the administration. We brought the largest rescission package here, be-cause, yes, we want to take care of this debt. We think it is the responsibility of everybody here. But, no, those words rang hollow that day. There wasn’t a vote for that, but we were able to pass it anyway. I look right here at the Economic Cycle Research Institute in October 2016. It is their numbers. There was a 2 percent average growth under Obama versus 2.7 under Bush. In terms of aver-age pace of GDP growth, Obama’s was the slowest expansion on record. The numbers prove otherwise on what you say, but the most important thing it proves is that people are working. Peo-ple care about the security of their job. People care about the security and safety of the country. I feel very thankful that next week our President will be sitting down with the leader of North Korea with the hopes that we can make this world more secure. We are building the security of jobs. We are building the security of the world. I would firmly believe: Let the American public judge whether they are better off today than they were a few short years ago. I don’t need numbers to show it. I can just see every statistic, the jobs, the people, and I am proud of that fact. I ask, Mr. Speaker, the other side to follow through. I have heard time and again: I would never shut the govern-ment down; we wouldn’t go that polit-ical. But when the day came, they did. Politics and the election are over. Let’s put people before politics. Let’s make sure this country is secure eco-nomically and secure with safety around the world. And that is exactly what we are doing here. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I hear the words of the majority leader. He and his party, without exception, opposed President Obama’s programs. Without exception. We became the majority in 2007, and we worked with President Bush on a number of things, including a very sub-stantiation environmental bill signed by President Bush, and other bills as well. He mentions about the rescission package. Mr. Speaker, if you will re-call, when we had this debate some weeks ago, he said everything in this rescission bill is what we don’t need. Guess what, Mr. Speaker? Ebola money was rescinded in that bill some weeks ago, but not in this bill. He changed it because, very frankly, Mr. Speaker, they found out, oops, we need the Ebola money. So they took it out of this bill. We think you need the CHIP money. We think we need the CHIP money to make sure that if there is a happening or an occurrence that occurs, the CHIP money is needed either directly or indi-rectly to make sure that children, in fact, are taken care of. b1215 Who has said that? Mr. TOMCOLEhas said that. We have used that money ef-fectively and appropriately. So, Mr. Speaker, it is hard to believe that if the Ebola money—which I was assured was not needed—that cut was restored by our Republican friends, Mr. Speaker, because they found out, yes, it is needed. Now, in terms of wasting time, 65 votes over the last Congress to repeal the Affordable Care Act—65—with a full and unquestioned knowledge that none of those votes would result in something happening for our country in the United States Senate. They weren’t going to vote for that. They knew that. So we spent a lot of time on that. Let me also say: The gentleman says let’s get about our business. Let me ask the gentleman: Does he expect a bill on the DACA protectees, the Dreamers, to come on the floor next week? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I said it before, and I will say it again: Republicans are committed to solving this issue for good, not passing a bill and patting ourselves on the back, but for dealing with this issue in a meaningful way that is beneficial to hardworking Americans. As you know, my door is always open. You have been there many times. I am committed to bringing all Mem-bers to the table and working together to solve this problem. In fact, Mr. Speaker, I need to go to a meeting dealing with this subject. I am late to it right now. But we will continue to work to solve this problem. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I would only say, I ap-preciate his comments. But, Mr. Speaker, I have heard them a long time, many, many times: We are going to solve this issue. Mr. R
YANcame to the floor and said: We are going to solve this issue. You vote for this caps bill, and we will get an immigration bill on the floor that will solve this issue. That was some 2
1⁄2months ago. It is not solved yet, Mr. Speaker. I hope the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.058 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5004 June 8, 2018 
leader does, in fact, bring a bill to the floor quickly. In fact, the suggestion that had been made by many Members of his party and mine to bring four options to the floor seems absolutely consistent with the Speaker’s pledge to take the tough issues head-on; and that is, bring the Democratic bill that is cosponsored by one of the senior Republicans, I
LEANA  R
OS-LEHTINEN , to the floor; bring the Goodlatte bill, which has been reported out of the Republican Judiciary Com-mittee, to the floor; bring a bill co-sponsored by Mr. H
URD and Mr. A
GUILAR to the floor. Then what we provide, Mr. Leader, is that the Speaker can bring a bill to the floor of his choosing. What could be fairer than that to let the people’s House speak on this critically impor-tant issue? So I would hope the gen-tleman would facilitate that coming to the floor. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, let me say that this is the most closed Congress in his-tory. He talks about coming to his of-fice, and I have. We have worked con-structively and positively together, and I have great respect for the major-ity leader. I know he is very close to President Trump, and he has talked about his working with President Trump to move forward. Let us hope that the talks with Korea bear fruit. We have had a lot of talks with the Koreans. They have made a lot of pledges, and they haven’t followed them. We will see what hap-pens. We are hoping for the best. In coming to your office, we have had some discussions. We have had discus-sions about DACA. But, very frankly, when we come to this floor, this is the most closed Congress, Mr. Leader, in recent history, if not history. We have had 85 closed rules. Zero, not a single open rule have we considered. Over 2,000 germane amendments have been blocked by the Rules Committee. Mr. Speaker, that is amendments that are in order, and they have been blocked. In fact, 194 Republicans—Re-publicans—have been refused the op-portunity to move forward on their amendments. Now, I know that the leader’s sched-ule is such that we can conclude this debate. I have other things to say. But I am hopeful that, frankly, whatever we bring to the floor, bring it on a rule that provides for full consideration, bring it that reflects facing the tough issues, bring it so the House can work its will on these bills, including the farm bill, including an immigration bill that protects the Dreamers, and in-cluding other legislation so critical to this country. Let the House work its will through the amendatory process. Mr. Speaker, unless the gentleman wants to say something, I yield back the balance of my time. ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 2018, TO TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 2018 Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. 
f 
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA POWER AGENCY’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Northern Cali-fornia Power Agency, also known as NCPA, on its 50th anniversary. NCPA was established in 1968 by a consortium of locally owned electric utilities to make joint investments in energy resources that would ensure an affordable, reliable, and clean supply of electricity for customers in its member communities. The agency’s mission is to provide members with reliable, efficient, and cost-effective wholesale power and en-ergy-related services. I can tell you that, during my time in Congress as well as my time in the California State Legislature, the agency meets that mission with flying marks. They also own and operate nearly 260 megawatts of in-state hydropower re-sources that generate carbon-free elec-tricity for Californians while also pro-viding many outdoor recreational ben-efits, helping to meet the renewable mandate for electricity in the State. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the NCPA for 50 years of invaluable service to its public power members and their re-spective communities. 
f 
SENTENCING REDUCTION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I have had the opportunity to serve on the Judiciary Committee for a number of years. It is a committee that has al-most two-thirds of the jurisdiction of the United States Congress. What I love about it: It is a protector of the rights of the American people through the Bill of Rights and the Constitution. The pardon is an act of mercy, and this past week I applauded the act of mercy that was generated for a woman in Alabama who had a sentence of 100 years for a small, nonviolent drug of-fense. That woman became a minister and worked on degrees while she was incarcerated. I think we can expand on this con-cept of mercy and pass sentencing re-duction, which goes to the reflection on sentencing that has been done under mandatory minimums for nonviolent offenses where individuals are incarcer-ated across the Nation for 25, 30, 40, 50 years, and even life. If we do that through the legislative process, we will have a structure that will look at these individuals to make sure that they can contribute to society. We need the National Sheriffs’ Asso-ciation, the National Association of Law Enforcement, the evangelicals, people of all faiths; we need lawyers; we need social workers; we need physi-cians to look at how this impacts fami-lies. We can do this with the House and the Senate. I commit to this Congress the interest in sentencing reduction. f 
CLEAN WATER PROVIDES CHIL-DREN WITH A CAREFREE RE-CESS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for most students here in the United States, recess is a time for recreation. For the pupils of Balkumari Primary School in Kathmandu, Nepal, recess is the only opportunity for them to get water. For decades, the school relied on a tiny stream as its only source of drink-able water, a 20-minute walk away. In 2013, however, the stream dried up, leaving the school without access to drinkable water. So the education stopped. Mr. Speaker, the story has a happy ending because the Balkumari Primary School received U.S. aid for water. Now with water access, students scramble out of the schoolyard, learning and de-veloping with an education, as normal kids should. This is why the Water for the World Act that Representative B
LUMENAUER  and I authored is so important, which is now the law of the land. The legisla-tion requires a comprehensive plan for the United States to aid other coun-tries in securing clean water. We have it within our power to help kids like the Balkumari Primary School because, Mr. Speaker, water is life. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
WORLD OCEANS DAY (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, water is life. Growing up in Hawaii, we have a unique appreciation for the protection of our resources, from our mountains all the way down to our oceans. It is something that we grow up with, that we have a responsibility to take care of our home, to keep it clean, not only for us, but for future generations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.060 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5005 June 8, 2018 
Today is World Oceans Day, and we have the opportunity to celebrate the beauty of our world’s oceans and also commit to keeping them clean. Right now we see all over the world that our oceans are under siege. Tem-peratures are rising, pollution riddles our waters and beaches, coral reefs are dying off, and marine life are being killed. So as you recognize World Oceans Day, we can think about how, in our own lives—individually, as a family, as communities—we can do our part to take care of our planet by changing things like making sure we are not using toxic sunscreens that kill off our coral reef or the single-use plastics that pollute our waters. We cannot wait for the tide to change. We have got to take action to make sure that our oceans and our planet are safe and clean for all life for generations to come. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
AZERBAIJAN’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 100-year anniversary of the independence of Azerbaijan and to highlight the significance and im-portance of the U.S.-Azerbaijan rela-tionship. Throughout its history, Azerbaijan has resisted invasion from the Soviet Union. They were pioneers in advanc-ing the cause of women’s suffrage. Day in and day out, Azerbaijan cooperates on defense, counterintelligence, and counterterrorism activities. Azerbaijan established the first secular parliamen-tary democracy in the Muslim world. They have offered unconditional sup-port to the United States after 9/11. Here is to another 100 years of great prosperity for the people of Azerbaijan and a strong relationship with the United States. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT COLONEL SEAN MORROW (Mr. ROSKAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Lieutenant Colo-nel Sean Morrow, a constituent of the Sixth District of Illinois. On June 19, Sean will be taking com-mand of the United Nations Security Battalion in the Joint Security Area of the Demilitarized Zone on the Korean Peninsula. This unit is the most for-ward-deployed on the peninsula and stands on the front lines of freedom 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, facing the North Korean People’s Army eye to eye in defense of democracy and our way of life. As the son of a Korean war company commander myself, I am honored that my constituent is taking the helm of this command at such a crucial time. Sean is a warrior-scholar. A Ph.D. can-didate in international relations at the University of Chicago, he is committed to protecting the United States on the battlefield but also rigorously studying the pressing national security chal-lenges we face and their solutions. He has dedicated his life and his career to keeping our Nation safe. Mr. Speaker, I wish Sean, his wife Meghan, and their three children God’s very best, and I thank him for his serv-ice. f 
b1230 HONORING WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ HAMILTON, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bill Hamilton, Jr. of Overland Park, Kansas, who passed away on January 4, 2018. Bill was born in Dallas, Texas, on February 18, 1918. In 1940, he graduated from the Agricul-tural and Mechanical College of Texas, now known as Texas A&M University, with a degree in civil engineering. In World War II, Bill served as a lieu-tenant in the Army. He was in com-mand of an antiaircraft unit in the Philippines at Corregidor Island. Bill was part of the American defensive forces trying to hold Corregidor Island from the Japanese. Fighting valiantly, the American forces held the island for 5 months, only surrendering to Japanese forces after all ammunition and supplies were exhausted. The Japanese had expected to take the island in 3 weeks. On April 21, 1942, while defending Corregidor, he and approximately 24 other Texas Aggies gathered together at The Rock, as Corregidor is now known, to observe Aggie Muster. While Japanese bombs fell on the island, those Aggies participated in this proud tradition and called the roll for those Aggies who had lost their lives during the preceding months. This event dur-ing wartime brought the solemn Aggie Muster tradition to the attention of the entire world. With the passing of Bill Hamilton, we have lost the last of the survivors of the 1942 Muster at The Rock. After being captured at Corregidor Island, Bill spent 3
1⁄2years as a pris-oner of war, being held at camps, in-cluding Camp Cabanatuan in the Phil-ippines and Camp Fukuoka in Japan. Amazingly, Bill was a passenger on three Japanese prisoner ships that were struck by the U.S. Army Air Force, yet he survived all three inci-dents. In August of 1945, he was finally lib-erated by the American forces from Camp Hoten in Manchuria. For his honorable and distinguished service, Bill received many honors, including a Bronze Star, a Purple Heart, the Dis-tinguished Unit Badge, three Oak Leaf Clusters, and the Prisoner of War Medal. After the war, Bill resumed life in America, and he married the love of his life, Margaret Jacobs, in 1946. He also began working for the Santa Fe Rail-road as a bridge engineer. Bill worked for the Santa Fe Railroad company for 38 years and was known as an exem-plary employee. A man of great character, Bill was an integral part of the veterans commu-nity and was a member of the Reserve Officers Association, Defenders of the Bataan and Corregidor, and American Ex-Prisoners of War. Mr. Speaker, selfless service to those around him defined Bill Hamilton’s life. He worked tirelessly to defend our freedom and to better communities in which he lived. He is loved by his com-munity, and he certainly left an endur-ing impression on our Nation. He will be forever remembered as a selfless sol-dier, community member, husband, fa-ther, friend to hundreds, and an honor-ably fighting Texas Aggie. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Ham-ilton family. We also lift up the family and friends of Bill in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Bill Hamilton, Jr. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. HONORING WILTON A . LANNING  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Wilton Lanning of Waco, Texas, who passed away on Jan-uary 10, 2018. Wilton was born on June 12, 1936, in Waco. He graduated from Waco High School and would go on to graduate from Baylor University and would be a proud Baylor Bear for the rest of his life. At Baylor, Wilton met his wife of 57 years, Lanell ‘‘Lee’’ Lanning. Wilton was a lifelong Waco resident, a proud advocate for Waco businesses, and an avid amateur historian of the city. He worked for 40 years at Waco’s then oldest business, Tom Padgitt, Inc., where he served as president and CEO. Always looking for ways to push de-velopment in Waco, he served as the executive director of the Waco Busi-ness League, chairman of the Greater Waco Chamber of Commerce, and he was a member of the Baylor Waco 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.062 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5006 June 8, 2018 
Foundation. He also served on several boards, including the Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center, the Waco Industrial Foundation, the Waco Mammoth Foun-dation, the Brazos Higher Education Service Corporation, and as president of the board of the Waco YMCA. Upon his retirement from the Waco Business League, Wilton received the Waco Business League Lifetime Achievement Award. He was also the recipient of awards such as the James H. Lockwood Masonic Lodge 1343, the A.F. & A.M. Community Builder Award, the National Philanthropy Lifetime Achievement Award, and the Silver Eagle Award from the Boy Scouts of America. Wilton built his life on a foundation of serving and giving back to others, a value he learned as an Eagle Scout and certainly reenforced by his father who served as a captain in the United States Army. Wilton was a lifelong supporter of Baylor University and an active mem-ber of the Baylor Alumni Association. In recognition of this, his family has received the Baylor Alumni Associa-tion’s First Family of Baylor Award. Wilton also held a special place in his heart for the Waco-born soft drink, Dr Pepper. As a result, he cofounded the Dr Pepper Museum in Waco, which de-tails the origins of this famous soft drink. When he became a grandfather, he asked to be called ‘‘Dr Pepper’’ by his grandkids. When he was rebuffed, he settled on being called, simply, ‘‘Pep-per.’’ Mr. Speaker, Wilton Lanning worked tirelessly to better the Waco commu-nity. From his 40 years at Padgitt’s to his time with the Business League, Wilton certainly left an impression on central Texas. He will be forever re-membered by his passion for Waco as a great philanthropist, a businessman, a husband, a father, a grandfather, and a friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Lanning family. We also lift up the family and friends of Wilton in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Wilton Lanning. As I close, I urge all Americans to continue praying for their country dur-ing these difficult times, for our mili-tary men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
HONORING BEATRICE RODRIGUEZ  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Beatrice Rodriguez of Bryan, Texas, who passed away on Feb-ruary 28, 2018. Beatrice was born in Somerville, Texas, in 1941. Her father was a rail-road worker, who was paralyzed on the job while he was in his thirties. Her mother took care of the home and her father after he was paralyzed. Beatrice was one of nine children and learned to cook at an early age to help her family. She also worked as a wait-ress, picked cotton, and worked at a grocery store to earn money for the family. When Beatrice was 18 years old, she met the love of her life, Richard Rodri-guez, at a dance in Caldwell, Texas. After the dance, Richard and Beatrice became inseparable. Richard asked Beatrice’s father for her hand in marriage, but her father refused. The couple then decided to elope, which they did on October 31, 1960. They were married for 57 loving years and had three daughters. In their thirties, the couple started their first restaurant and named it the Buccaneer. When a chance to move the business to downtown Bryan came up, the couple took the opportunity and named the new restaurant Casa Rodri-guez. Opened in 1978, the restaurant serves authentic home-style Mexican cuisine and has repeatedly been voted as one of the best restaurants in the Brazos Valley. Beatrice was a local celebrity in our Brazos Valley community. She was known to always keep up a distin-guished appearance in public, and she owned a large collection of hats, which earned her the nickname ‘‘The Hat Lady’’ around town. She had a warm and fun-loving demeanor, which helped her easily connect to those who en-countered her. Her caring heart came, in part, from her deep faith in God. She was a devout Catholic and attended Santa Teresa Catholic Church in Bryan. You could often find her in the church praying for loved ones. She was also a loving grandmother and affectionately called Grandma Bea by her seven grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, selfless service to her community and to our community de-fined Beatrice’s life. She worked tire-lessly to uphold the values of Bryan- College Station and brought smiles, great food, and love to those around her. She is loved by our residents and certainly left an enduring impression on our Brazos Valley community. She will be forever remembered as a selfless community leader, a wife, a mother, a grandmother, and a dear friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Rodri-guez family. We also lift up the family and friends of Beatrice Rodriguez in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Beatrice Rodri-guez. As I close today, I ask all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our families, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
HONORING JOE RODRIGUEZ  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Joe Rodriguez of Waco, Texas, who passed away on March 15, 2018. Joe was born in 1941 in Ansonia, Ohio. His family soon moved to Texas, where he grew up under difficult cir-cumstances in a tough neighborhood between Bellmead and Waco. The neighborhood was known as No Man’s Land, where residents were known to dig their own wells for water. Joe at-tended La Vega High School and went on to attend McLennan Community College in Waco. During that time, he also met and married the love of his life, Alice Martinez. Overcoming his difficult upbringing, Joe became a leader in the Waco area. He served two terms as mayor of Bellmead and was a union leader at the General Tire and Rubber Company plant. He also served as the director of the Economic Opportunities Advance-ment Corporation’s Head Start pro-gram. In one of his more prominent roles, Joe also served as the CEO of the Cen-Tex Hispanic Chamber of Com-merce for over 20 years. Always sticking to his principles and looking for ways to better our commu-nity, Joe was committed to providing equal opportunities for all, empowering youth, and helping Hispanic-owned businesses in the area succeed. He was a strong advocate for minority commu-nities and believed that there was strength in diversity, and he advocated for higher education as a way so that anyone could make it in America. Mr. Speaker, selfless service to those around him defined Joe’s life. He worked tirelessly to better our commu-nity, and he built strong relationships throughout Waco. He is loved by his city, and he has certainly left an en-during impression on our central Texas community. He will be forever remem-bered as a selfless community member, leader, husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather, and friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Rodri-guez family. We also lift up the family and friends of Joe in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol in honor of the life and legacy of Joe Rodriguez. As I close today, I ask all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. HONORING ARNOLD MATHIAS  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my dear friend, Arnold Robert Mathias, of Waco, Texas, who passed away on April 27, 2018. Arnold Mathias was born in 1922 in Copperas Cove, Texas. While born in very modest circumstances, his parents would raise both him and his brother in a loving and nurturing family during the Great Depression. After graduating from Copperas Cove High School, Arnold attended the Uni-versity of California at Berkeley and Texas Tech University, from which he received a bachelor of business admin-istration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.064 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5007 June 8, 2018 
Shortly after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, Arnold volunteered for the U.S. Army. While initially, as an 18- year-old, the bombing meant little to him, he ultimately experienced a surge of patriotism for our great Nation, and he felt committed to serve. That patri-otism and commitment stayed with him throughout his lifetime. During World War II, Arnold was the leader of a tank platoon in the 13th Ar-mored Division, 24th Tank Battalion that was incorporated into General Patton’s 3rd Army. He was wounded in the battle for the German Ruhr Valley when his tank exploded while under heavy fire from the Germans. After recovering from his wounds, he returned to the front lines. Once vic-tory was declared in Europe, he was told to prepare for the Japanese inva-sion. He was spared from being de-ployed to Japan after President Tru-man ordered the use of atomic bombs to achieve victory over Japan. After the war, Arnold married Margie Dane Calhoun in 1950. Their 68-year marriage produced a loving family with three daughters who blessed him with four grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. Upon leaving Active Duty, Arnold began a long and fruitful career of pub-lic service. He managed a couple of community chambers of commerce in central Texas before becoming a dis-trict manager for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce headquartered in Houston. He also served as chairman of the zon-ing commission and was elected to the city commission and served as the mayor of a small city in Harris County, Texas. He then served as the south-western regional manager for the U.S. Chamber in Dallas. Upon retiring from the U.S. Cham-ber, Arnold served as district director for the 11th Congressional District, which at the time included Waco and other portions of central Texas. He then went on to continue working in politics and public affairs as a consult-ant. b1245 In addition to his professional career, Arnold served and participated in many civic and service associations, including central Texas chairman of the Girl Scouts of America, chairman of the United Way, board member of the Lions Club, the Downtown Dallas Rotary Club, the Waco Rotary Club, a Paul Harris Fellow, the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Cameron Park Zoological Society, Keep Waco Beautiful, and the Waco Historic Foun-dation. Arnold’s Christian faith was also very important to him and his family. At one time or another, he headed nearly every office in the local con-gregation of which he was a member. He also held leadership positions as the president of the Lone Star District of the Walther League, as state treasurer of the Lutheran Laymen’s League, and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Texas District of the Lutheran Church. As a veteran, Arnold’s post-military affiliations included the Disabled American Veterans, the American Le-gion, and the Military Order of the Purple Heart. In 2012, Arnold was nominated by members of our community to receive the Texas 17th Congressional District Veteran Commendation. It was an honor to bestow him with this unique award that recognized not only his self-less service to our Nation, but also a community volunteer to our central Texas community. Even after Arnold’s death, his service continued as he had his body sent to the Anatomical Board of the State of Texas for use in teaching and scientific purposes. Mr. Speaker, selfless service to those around him defined Arnold’s life. He worked tirelessly to better our commu-nity and built strong relationships in Waco. He is loved by his city, and cer-tainly left an enduring impression on our central Texas community. He will be forever remembered as a selfless community leader, a war hero, a vet-eran, a husband, a father, a grand-father, a great-grandfather, and a dear friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest condolences to the Mathias family. We also lift up the family and friends of Arnold in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and service of Arnold Mathias. As I close today, I ask all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
HONORING EMILY TOOKER -BLAKE  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Emily Tooker-Blake of Waco, Texas, who turned 100 years old on March 18, 2018. Emily was raised during the Great Depression, and worked as an assistant to her father, who was a dentist in Waco. Money was difficult to come by, and her father used to trade dental work for eggs or chickens to feed their family. Graduating from Waco High School, Emily soon married Leslie Tooker, who worked for his father and who owned an ice cream shop in town. Leslie even-tually learned the dental tradecraft from his father-in-law and followed in his footprints to become a dentist in Waco. Emily worked alongside her hus-band, working as a part-time dental as-sistant until her retirement at age 60. Emily and Leslie raised three chil-dren: Max; Leslie, Jr.; and their daugh-ter, Leroy. Emily and Leslie also had a knack for adventure and followed their son, Leslie, Jr., to South America, liv-ing there until moving back to Texas in 1990. Today, Emily lives with her daughter in Waco. She still makes her own food and her mind is super sharp. She lis-tens to talk radio daily and is a strong Republican. She loves to tell stories about her colorful past to friends and family, and she is surrounded by a community who loves her. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Emily Tooker-Blake on this joyous oc-casion, and I know that her family and friends love her and are proud of her. I wish her many more years of health and happiness. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor Emily Tooker-Blake on the occasion of her 100th birthday. As I close today, I ask all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. HONORING THE BRAZOS COUNTY WORLD WAR I  
CENTENNIAL COMMITTEE  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the men and women who trained in Brazos County, Texas, who defended our freedom during World War I. I also rise to recognize the Braz-os County World War I Centennial Committee, who are making sure these veterans are honored on the 100-year anniversary of the United States enter-ing World War I. Brazos County has a deep history with World War I. In 1917, the United States Council of Defense selected Texas A&M University as one of the six colleges in the United States to host training for a division of the United States Army Signal Corps. Signal Corps members received instruction in: electrical engineering, telegraphy, radio work, induction sets, pack sets, field work, visual signaling, telephony, dry and storage batteries, outside wir-ing, switch boards, and construction of lance pole and tripod lines. Texas A&M University was also the only Allied training location for mete-orology, and trained nearly 4,000 troops and mechanics. The Brazos County World War I Cen-tennial Committee has identified over 800 veterans buried in Brazos County, and it is committed to honoring their memory as the centennial of their serv-ice approaches. Among those veterans buried in Brazos County are men, women, African Americans, Jewish Americans, Hispanics, and first-genera-tion Americans. It is an honor to recognize their dis-tinguished service to our country dur-ing our time of great need, and to rec-ognize the Centennial Committee for their work to make sure that these veterans’ legacies are honored and re-membered not only on the centennial anniversary, but for generations to come. Our Brazos County cities of Bryan and College Station have each joined with the Brazos County World War I Centennial Committee to proclaim 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.066 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5008 June 8, 2018 
April 17, 2017, as World War I Remem-brance Day. I encourage other commu-nities in our great country to consider taking similar actions. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of those World War I veterans who trained in the Brazos Valley, and to honor the Brazos Valley World War I Centennial Committee. As I close today, I ask that all Amer-icans continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
EMPEROR OF THE SWAMP The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, in Trump’s ‘‘Cabinet of corruption,’’ one individual stands head and shoulders above the rest. He is a man that Sen-ator U
DALL crowned ‘‘the Emperor of the Swamp.’’ If we created a Mount Rushmore of American corruption, his face would be carved into it. His scandals are so out-rageous that even Sarah Sanders has stopped defending him and just started telling jokes at his expense. I am speaking, of course, about EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. I will give you an example. Pruitt tried to use his office to get his wife a Chick-fil-A franchise. When he was questioned about it, the EPA chief said: 
It is one of the best restaurants in the country. We need more of them in Tulsa and we need more of them across the country. Anyway, it is an exciting time. 
Mr. Speaker, don’t get me wrong, I enjoy a chicken sandwich just as much as any other person, but Scott Pruitt talks about Chick-fil-A like they are some kind of social service or some group that hands out food to the home-less. He thinks it is an organization setting up soup kitchens and homeless shelters. Frankly, this is probably one of the weakest excuses I have ever heard from any administration, but this adminis-tration seems to specialize in weak ex-cuses. Scott also rented a Washington, D.C., apartment from a lobbyist with mat-ters before the EPA. And it won’t sur-prise you at all that he got a really good sweetheart deal. Pruitt was pay-ing $50 a night and was only charged the days he actually slept there. Now, for everybody back in Arizona who may not understand this, the D.C. rental market is really high here. Let just assure you, what he did was not normal and probably illegal. I am not a lawyer or a law enforcement officer, but this arrangement definitely looks like a bribe to me. And that is not all. This week, we learned that Pruitt ordered his govern-ment bodyguards to seek out a luxury moisturizer that is exclusively offered to patrons of the Ritz-Carlton Hotel. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU), my friend and colleague. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman G
ALLEGO for yielding. Mr. Speaker, what Congressman G
ALLEGO didn’t say is, first of all, both of us are veterans, and we serve on Ac-tive Duty in the United States military because we believe in this country, we believe in America, we believe we are an exceptional nation. But Scott Pruitt has made a joke of Federal service. He is under 12 inves-tigations. He has wasted taxpayers’ money, he has used taxpayers’ money to enrich himself, and he has used tax-payers’ money to help his wife. Based on what Congressman G
ALLEGO  said about this lotion thing, he had his personal security detail, paid for at taxpayer expense, drive around to Ritz- Carltons to try to find lotion. That is why I have a picture here of the Ritz- Carlton lotion. There is also this thing, by the way, known as the internet. You can just go on the internet and search for Ritz- Carlton lotion. The first link will take you to the Ritz-Carlton shops, and he could have just ordered it without using his taxpayer-funded staff to drive around to find this lotion. This is just an example of the joke he has made of Federal service. Mr. G
ALLEGO and I are going to break down for the American people today the top 10 scandals of EPA Adminis-trator Scott Pruitt. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, before we go into the top 10, I think one of the pretty scandalous other abuses of tax-payers is the fact that he had his per-sonal detail asking and searching for used Trump mattresses. Now, this is not a joke, this is not from an episode of ‘‘Veep.’’ Your EPA Administrator, a supposed adult in the room, is using taxpayer dollars to try to find used Trump mattresses. Right now, all I can think of are two things. Number one, this person is just egregiously using our taxpayer dollars in the worst possible manner. And, number two, he is trying to set up one of the weirdest bed and breakfasts in the history of Washington, D.C. But this is actually real. This is not TV. This is actually happening in your government. Mr. Speaker, let me go into the top 10 things that EPA Administrator Pru-itt has done to embarrass this country, and possible corruption. And 10 is what we have. There are a lot more than that, but we have to at least keep this somewhat bitable for everybody else. Let me start with number 10, as re-cently reported: the mess hall. Pruitt has overused his privileges at the swanky, but affordable, White House mess hall, despite being warned against doing so. Now, the mess hall is basically a caf-eteria for the top officers of the White House. I have been in it. I was there under the Obama administration. It is an honor to be invited to go, and it is great food at a very low price. Pruitt has misused this privilege so much so that he has been asked to not come back. You are that egregious that, as a sitting member of the Cabi-net, you have been told by White House staff to not come back to the cafeteria. That tells you a lot. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU) to tell us about number nine. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, number nine is the dinner res-ervation. It was publicly reported that EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt asked the security detail to turn on lights and sirens so that they could drive him down the crowded traffic streets of Washington, D.C., and get him to din-ner at Le Diplomate restaurant. That is an abuse of taxpayer funds, and that is not what sirens are for. They are for actual emergencies, not to make sure that a Trump Cabinet offi-cial can make his dinner reservation on time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I also recommend just taking the Metro. It is much quicker, but that is just me. Number eight, $130 fountain pens: Scott Pruitt has spent over $1,500 tax-payer dollars on personalized $130 foun-tain pens. Now, I recommend the BIC pen. It does the job well. But, more importantly, it seems like, on one hand, he doesn’t seem to mind spending taxpayer dollars on really ex-pensive things, such as these really fancy pens, and then personally, in his own personal life, he is really cheap by looking for cheap used Trump mat-tresses. So he is, essentially, using the taxpayer dollar as his personal piggy bank so he can live the lifestyle he wants. On to the mattress. Pruitt used his EPA staff to help him look for a dis-count Trump Home Luxury Plush Euro Pillow Top mattress. It is apparently his favorite. He also inappropriately used aids to look for apartments and help arrange family vacations to the Rose Bowl. T
EDand I are lucky to have some very smart, young staff, and they work hard, but they are not here to be our personal valets. They are here to make sure we do our job well, we get to our meetings, and we have the resources that we need to make the right deci-sions. They certainly aren’t there to help you find the right type of Trump Home Luxury Plush Euro Pillow Top mat-tress. I definitely don’t recommend that. Or, as T
EDLIEUhas said, there is the internet. You can find it there also. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU). Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, number six is the lotion, which we have already talked about. But what we didn’t talk about is, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:35 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.068 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5009 June 8, 2018 
using his security detail, you should know, this is a really expensive secu-rity detail 24/7. They have already spent $3.5 million on that security de-tail in 2017. b1300 This is, again, just a waste of tax-payer funds. No other Cabinet official has this kind of security, and it is something that we really should look at if we had a functioning GOP House oversight structure. Unfortunately, the majority here in the House has refused to look at EPA’s Scott Pruitt scandals, and I don’t even know how they can defend him at this point. Mr. GALLEGO. Number five, first class travel: Pruitt has spent over $100,000 on first class commercial trav-el since entering office, citing security concerns, apparently not satisfied with his $3.5 million currently spent on se-curity escort. Let me tell you, number one, unfor-tunately for, I think, many Americans, nobody knows who Scott Pruitt is. You do not need to be flying first class for, quote/unquote, security reasons, and you certainly should not be making the American public be paying for your first class tickets. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Number four, the $43,000 soundproof phone booth: So EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt is so paranoid that he wasted $43,000 of your taxpayers’ money to build a soundproof phone booth for him to make phone calls. So if the President doesn’t want to fire EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt for his corruption, I think the Presi-dent should just fire him for being super weird, right? You have got Scott Pruitt using a security detail to get lo-tion at the Ritz-Carlton, to have his staff trying to find used Trump Hotel mattresses, and he has built this pri-vate phone booth. That is just creepy and strange. Mr. GALLEGO. Number three, unsanctioned raises: In a time in Amer-ica where every American is hoping to just get a pay raise next month, Scott Pruitt was told: You are not allowed to give your employees—the certain em-ployees that he wanted to give—a pay raise. He was specifically told: They do not deserve that pay raise. You will not give them a pay raise. So instead, he used an obscure provi-sion of the Safe Drinking Water Act to actually find a way to give them a pay raise in spite of the White House say-ing: You will not give them a pay raise. Now, this would be actually some-what okay, in my opinion, if he was ac-tually trying to protect safe drinking water, but, in fact, he is not doing that. He is actually only using the fund to pay for these increases for his well-con-nected friends and get them higher pay. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Number two is the sweetheart condo deal with lobbyists. So Scott Pruitt got this deal with lobbyists that no ordinary American could have gotten. It was a $50-a-night deal on a condo in Washington, D.C., near the Capitol, and market rates were much higher than $50 a night. But in addition, he structured a lease so he only had to pay for the nights that he was there. So many nights that he wasn’t there, the landlord just had to eat those costs. That is not a lease that any normal American could have gotten. The reason that Scott Pruitt got this is because he was dealing with these lobbyists, who also lobbied on issues before him. This is what most people would call corruption. And before we go to the last one, which is about the Chick-fil-A res-taurant, I just want to say the fact that Chick-fil-A—I can’t even say this without laughing. Maybe R
UBEN  G
ALLEGO can talk about this with a straight face. Mr. GALLEGO. Look, you have an EPA Administrator who is literally using his staff to go track down and try to speak to the CEO of Chick-fil-A to try to get a very hard-to-get franchise, essentially using his public office to put pressure on them to get a very, very hard-to-get and lucrative fran-chise. In any world, if we had just told you that this was being done by 1 or 2 or even 10 people, this all would not just be really, really, really weird, but real-ly, really, really corrupt. But the fact that there is one person that is doing this, and consistently doing this, and has not been fired by the man who said he enjoys firing peo-ple, by the man who had a show for so many years about firing people, and yet for some reason, he cannot find a reason to fire this weird, corrupt EPA Administrator, that is the problem here. You have a corrupt Cabinet official and you have a Presidency that will not keep him in check. I yield to my good friend, T
EDLIEU, to close. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Again, Congressman G
ALLEGO and I served on Active Duty in the military. We are veterans. We believe in this country. That is why we are up here. Some of the things we said today may have sounded funny, because we are trying to point out the absurdity of why EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt is still in office. Scott Pruitt has wasted taxpayer funds, he has abused taxpayer funds for his personal profit, he has abused his relationship with lobbyists to person-ally profit, he has also abused his rela-tionships to help his family profit. Scott Pruitt, at the end of the day, is not just an embarrassment to us, he is an embarrassment to the Republicans in this House, to the Democrats in this House, to the Trump Cabinet, and to the United States of America. Scott Pruitt has to go. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative L
IEUfor his comments during this Special Order. To finish, we had a President who said he was going to come and drain the swamp. Scott Pruitt is the swamp. He is the biggest swamp monster there is right now when it comes to the cul-ture of corruption here in Washington, D.C. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SHOULD BECOME THE 51ST STATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate this time on the floor to speak about making the District of Columbia the 51st State. I am not going to simply glow about how important that would be for my district, because we have found that most Americans believe we already have the same rights they do. I want to describe one of the oldest cities in the United States, a city that is bigger than two States, that is to say, has more residents than two States, more residents than Vermont, more residents than Wyoming, and about as many residents as seven States of the Union. The people I represent, 700,000 of them, are number one in taxes paid to support the Government of the United States, yet they have no representa-tion whatsoever in that body down the hall, the Senate of the United States. In fact, I am grateful that the House understands that I should vote in com-mittee, where most of the work is done, but when a bill comes to the House floor, even if that bill singularly affects the residents of the District of Columbia, every Member of this body, except the Member who represents the District of Columbia, can vote on that bill. That is not justice, that is un-Amer-ican, and it offers strong evidence, I think, of the underlying reasons why the District of Columbia should be-come the 51st State of the Union. We are making progress. We have got almost all the Democrats on our state-hood bill. And if there is Democratic control of the next Congress, I will seek a vote on D.C. statehood on the House floor. I got a vote on D.C. statehood when I first came to the Congress. It is time to have another vote on D.C. statehood. We have more than half of the Demo-crats in the Senate, and I will get all the Democrats in the House and all the Democrats in the Senate before the end of the 115th Congress. Most Members of the House come to this place knowing little about the Capital City. I don’t blame them. I don’t see why they should know much about it, except that it is the tourist mecca of our country; that 30 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.069 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5010 June 8, 2018 
people from around the world, includ-ing from their States, come to see the extraordinary monuments in our city. So Members shouldn’t know any more about my district than I know about their districts, and yet Members come to this floor to not only vote on matters affecting my district, but on laws that would take away or overturn laws passed by the legitimate govern-ment of the District of Columbia. When Members come, I greet them, offer them help in finding housing and the rest, and that is about the end of it. So if they come to the House to vote, they don’t know anything more about the city, except if they happen to stay here, and we welcome them, than they did when they walked in the door. But every Member needs to know that 700,000 Americans host them, and they need to know, when they are called upon to interfere with the local laws of the District of Columbia, they should treat our local laws the way they would have their local laws treat-ed. I particularly speak of my Repub-lican colleagues, who are the chief pro-ponents of local control. They don’t want the Federal Government into not only their business, but sometimes they try to get the Federal Govern-ment out of Federal business, and yet it is my Republican colleagues who are the chief abusers of what we call Dis-trict Home Rule, what Americans call the right to self-government. I need to give you examples of what I mean when I say Members try to overturn our laws, and I need to say that I often am able to keep them from doing so, even without a vote on this House floor, because of the way I think through what my role is. I have got to think of a way to keep people who overwhelmingly outnumber me, obviously, and are the majority in this House, from overturning my own local laws. We have barely succeeded in doing so, but I will give you an idea of what I mean. I should begin by saying that because this is a city, a big city, that its laws would be more progressive than in many other parts of the United States. For example, the District of Colum-bia government has passed a Death With Dignity Act. This is a controver-sial bill. Six States have passed it, in-cluding States represented by the Re-publican leadership of this House. It is a bill that allows a person to take his own life with minimal help from a phy-sician. It is very controversial. Six States have passed it; so has the Dis-trict of Columbia. It is nobody’s busi-ness but theirs. I have kept this law from being over-turned, but I have had to fight to do so for at least three years. Let me give you another example: the Local Budget Autonomy Act. Why would there be a Local Budget Auton-omy Act? Everybody knows that if you levy your own local taxes, no one should have anything to do with that, but the District of Columbia does not have the right to have the final say on its own budget, because any Member of the Congress can try to overturn the District’s budget. Are they interested in the budget? Do they try to overturn the budget itself? No. But when the budget comes here, Republicans use it as a vehicle to over-turn laws that they don’t agree with, and that is why our budget is here, this budget that was raised by the residents of the District of Columbia, this local budget. b1315 In order to keep our budget from coming here at all—what is it doing here—a referendum overwhelmingly passed by residents called the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act es-sentially said, that is it. It shouldn’t come here. The House has tried to repeal that at least three times. I have saved it from being repealed largely from marching over to the Senate. Perhaps the most persistent attempt on the part of the Congress are efforts to wipe out the District’s gun safety laws. It is a big city and, yes, big cities are where you have most of the gun vi-olence, so the District has tough gun safety laws. And yet, every single year I have to protect our gun safety laws from Members of Congress who are not answerable, are in no ways responsive, to the people of the District of Colum-bia. Our residents can’t vote them out of office. They can vote only me out of of-fice. They can’t touch them. If that doesn’t fly in the face of American de-mocracy, I can’t tell you what does. Senator M
ARCO RUBIO has introduced a bill to wipe out all of our gun safety laws since 2015. I have saved D.C. gun laws from being eliminated. But Sen-ator M
ARCO RUBIO from the State of Florida, where the Parkland young-sters are, who have taken nationwide their own campaign to get this Con-gress to pass sensible gun laws. Yet Senator R
UBIO, aided by Rep-resentative T
OMGARRETT of this body, would eliminate all of the District’s gun safety laws, including the Dis-trict’s ban on guns in schools; includ-ing making the District of Columbia a unique exception to a Federal law called Gun-Free School Zones Act, which means you cannot have a gun within a school zone. Everybody could have that except the District of Colum-bia. Senator R
UBIO and Representative G
ARRETT would repeal the District’s ban on assault weapons and large-ca-pacity magazines. Assault weapons in the Nation’s capital? Imagine who would be endangered if there were as-sault weapons here? And I do not refer to the residents of the District of Co-lumbia alone. Anyone who visits our city will often find traffic stopped while caravans of high-level officials go by. Sometimes they will be Members of Congress. More often they will be world figures. Imagine if just anybody could have an assault weapon in the Nation’s capital, particularly today. Yes, I have been able to stop it. But why should I have been put to that ef-fort when I represent 700,000 tax-paying citizens of the United States who had already done it? I do have to show you how low or laughable these efforts can become. I have stopped a bill that prohibited my city from using its own funds to keep certain kinds of flushable products from being sold in the District of Co-lumbia. They stop up toilets. The Member who proposed this, Rep-resentative ANDYHARRIS of Maryland, perhaps because it is so laughable, ulti-mately withdrew it. We came on the House floor to expose it. But I cite the flushable wipes amend-ment to show these anti home rule ef-forts know no bounds. You might ask, well, why would Representative A
NDY H
ARRIS want to do this? I don’t know for sure, except that there is a manu-facturer of those wipes that has sur-faced and, as you may know, many Members get campaign funds from peo-ple who ask them to place matters in bills. They don’t ask them to put them in our appropriations, but that is what happened, and I had to get that one out. I do want to publicly thank Rep-resentative H
ARRIS for withdrawing his amendment. To give you some sense, though, of how the District of Columbia has to pay attention, not only to its own local laws and preserving them, but has to ask its Member to do what every other Member does a lot on national matters. So while I am working on national bills, during the first year of the Trump Presidency, I had to defeat 15 bills to overturn the District’s gun laws. I had to block bills that would gut the public school system laws by mak-ing D.C. use its own local funds for pri-vate schools. Yet Congress has defeated an education bill that defeated amend-ments to an education bill that would have allowed school districts to spend its own money on private schools. They took private school vouchers out of the national bill, but a Member tried to put vouchers on the District. Defeated that one. And there are oth-ers, but I won’t go down the list of them all. Understand that that work is impor-tant to my District, but it is work that no other Member has to pursue because you cannot interfere with the local laws of any other Member. At the same time, however, for exam-ple, I had and did get full funding to re-habilitate the Memorial Bridge. That happens to be important because mil-lions of Americans use that bridge. They come to Arlington Memorial Cemetery and use that bridge to get there. They come to the Nation’s Cap-itol to see our iconic sights, and they use that bridge. Now that was a na-tional bill. That is the kind of bill, Federal bill, that most Members work on that they are proud of. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.082 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5011 June 8, 2018 
I bring it up because that work, which as a Member of Congress I must do for the Nation, as well as my city, is quite apart from protecting the local laws of my city. Let’s take the affordable healthcare act. Virginia has just signed on, belat-edly, to the affordable healthcare act. I am in the national fight with most Members, certainly on my side of the aisle, to maintain that law. And we have maintained that law. In spite of President Trump’s attempt to overturn it. In spite of more than 40 attempts by my Republican colleagues to overturn it. D.C. needed it, because with the ACA, 96 percent of D.C. residents are now covered by healthcare. That means vir-tually everybody. But in that effort I am in league with other Members on a national law. That is what I should be paying attention to, first and foremost. Another example of a national law which is important to the Nation and to me is passage of the Dream Act, to protect these children who were brought to the United States as infants or small children by their parents, who know no other country, and now face deportation because technically they, of course, are not citizens; even though they don’t know El Salvador or Mexico or any other of the countries from which they would have come. Of the 800,000 Dreamers, 800 of them are in the District of Columbia, so I am like many Members who come to the floor on that issue. But that is a na-tional bill. That is what I am supposed to do in the Congress. In our city, if somehow we could not save the Dreamers, that would be $50 million annually gone from our econ-omy; that is how productive they are. I have had a town meeting with them. These are the most impressive young people I have ever seen speak to our residents. Mr. Speaker, could I ask how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 27 minutes re-maining. Ms. NORTON. After you have heard all of these abuses of American democ-racy, you may have some under-standing why I believe that the Dis-trict of Columbia should become a State, and why statehood is the only remedy for the abuses that I have de-scribed. But, do not think that there are no Republicans who understand some of the issues I have described. I regret that my good friend, a conservative Re-publican, Representative D
ARRELL  I
SSA—and I say I regret, because I don’t think that every Republican should be put in the same category. I cite Rep. D
ARRELL ISSA, because he was chair of a committee on which I serve, and decided to have a hearing on our local jurisdiction. He asked the Mayor to come, the chair of the City Council, and those who handle the budget. He listened and he indicated his surprise to know that the District’s financial condition and reserves and its growth as a local economy, were among the best in the Nation. After that hearing, learning, for ex-ample, that our budget was the envy of the States, Representative ISSAhimself endorsed budget autonomy and worked tirelessly with me and with local offi-cials, as well as Republican interest groups, to try to secure at least the au-tonomy over our budget; at least over our budget. These are what we call the components of statehood. So even if my Republican friends are not for statehood, there is no reason not to be or to stand against the ele-ments of statehood. And we certainly may well get those before we get state-hood itself. For example, clemency. The Presi-dent has the authority of clemency over the District of Columbia. Well, he doesn’t know a thing about the Dis-trict and, as a result, when clemency comes out, normally the District in-mates are not even included. That is a classic matter for local governments. Yes, budget autonomy is one of them. Even the District’s local laws have to come here and sit for 60 days, 30 days, or for criminal laws, 60 days, to see if anybody wants to overturn these laws. This is a remnant of more than 200 years ago, when the District had no home rule, as we called it, or self-gov-ernment. Of course the Congress doesn’t choose to use that section, so they could get rid of this legislative autonomy be-cause they reserve their energy for the budget. With a budget here, they use that as the vehicle to overturn the Dis-trict’s laws. b1330 What I think most Members of Con-gress do not know is that the District’s local economy is one of the strongest in the Nation, and let me prove that. It has got a $12.5 billion budget. That is larger than the budget of 12 States. My district has a $1.75 billion surplus. That kind of surplus, that large sur-plus, almost $2 billion, is the envy of the States. My district has a per capita income higher than that of any State, higher than that of California, of Massachu-setts, of New York. That is one of the reasons why the people I represent pay the highest taxes per capita in the United States. The total income of the residents of the District of Columbia is higher than the income of seven States. Its con-sumption, given its income expendi-tures, is higher than those of any State. And, of course, what we are see-ing is a city that is flourishing. Its pop-ulation growth rate is the highest since the 2010 Census. In fact, the District now has a larger population, as I indi-cated, than two other States that have representation to vote on this House floor. DC would only qualify for one vote, and Vermont and Wyoming, have two Senators as well—even with fewer resi-dents than the number who live in the Nation’s Capital. One way to understand why the resi-dents of the District of Columbia re-sent being treated as second-class citi-zens is to understand its highest tax rate, Federal tax rate—the highest in the Nation—amounts to $12,000 per resident, more per capita than any residents of any States. Yet no matter what the bill, no matter how impacted the District is, I will not vote on that bill. What hurts more than the failure to allow the District to vote on most bills is the failure to allow the District to vote on bills to go to war. The resi-dents of this city have fought and died in every war, including the war that created the United States of America. Please remember the slogan that the Framers and the residents threw up to win their freedom. It wasn’t, ‘‘Freedom in the large.’’ It was, ‘‘No taxation without representation.’’ We ask for statehood based on the original understanding of the Founders of our Nation who were willing and, in-deed, did go to war for the principle of no taxation without representation. Well, the people I represent have gone to war without a vote to go to war and without a vote upon returning from war. The sacrifices should be clear to see. World War I—and here we are talking about casualties—more than three States. World War II, more casualties from the District of Columbia than four States. And then it only goes up. The Korean war had more casualties than eight States. And, of course, the Vietnam war had more casualties than 10 States. That ought to be reason enough for the District of Columbia to be made the 51st State. More important than paying the highest Federal taxes per capita, more important than being ex-cluded from a vote on the floor of the Senate, it is the sacrifices our resi-dents have made for their country that speak loudest, most prophetically, about the right of residents to be treat-ed equally. May I inquire of the time remaining, please. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman has 15
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, it is not as if the Congress of the United States has never understood the injustices be-fore you. The reason I come to the House floor today is because there is turnover in the House all the time and many Members have never heard this until now. And why not? Because you don’t lis-ten to what happens to somebody else’s district. You are too busy dealing with your own district. That is how we like it, and that is how we would like to make it for every Member of the House. Yes, almost 45 years ago, the House understood the injustice of what was then the case. The District had no self- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.083 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5012 June 8, 2018 
government. It intermittently had some self-government in the 19th cen-tury—and may I add, that the height of that self-government was about the same as the District has now: a Dele-gate Member of the House and the right to local government. And who gave them that? It was the post-Civil War Congress, which was a Republican Congress. The Republicans lost their way, and they are chiefly responsible now for the District’s not having what their own party understood should happen after the Civil War. They had fought a Civil War for democracy for everyone, and they, indeed, began the home rule proc-ess that was lost after Reconstruction and renewed again almost 45 years ago with the 1974 Home Rule Act. Here again in the 20th it wasn’t the Democrats who were solely responsible. Yes, it was a Democratic Congress, but it was a Republican President, Presi-dent Richard Nixon. He said, in signing the Home Rule Act: ‘‘As a longtime supporter of self-government for the District of Columbia, I am pleased to sign into law a measure which is of his-toric significance for the citizens of our Nation’s Capital.’’ Remember, this is President Nixon talking, saying: ‘‘I first voted for home rule as a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives in 1948, and I have en-dorsed the enactment of home rule leg-islation during both my terms as Presi-dent.’’ Then he went on to say: ‘‘. . . it is particularly appropriate to assure those persons who live in our Capital City rights and privileges which have long been enjoyed by most of their countrymen.’’ That was a Republican President and a Democratic House acting in a bipar-tisan way to give the District self-gov-ernment, a self-government which it has handled better than most of the State and city governments since. And that is not the only example of Republicans working with us to do what almost surely will take some bi-partisanship. Representative Tom Davis of Virginia worked with me on a bill that, in fact, got a vote in both houses and, indeed, we would now have in the District, a House vote if that bill had passed. I was in the minority. Representative Tom Davis was in the majority as a Re-publican. I regret that he has resigned from Congress to go on to higher and better things, as he saw it. He worked with me and had hearings. What he dis-covered was that the State of Utah, a very Republican State, had missed get-ting a vote it thought due that State, and Representative Davis discussed with me the possibility of pairing the District of Columbia with Utah—one Democratic vote and one Republican vote—and nobody would gain if the District got a House vote. Now, Representative Tom Davis was not for statehood, but he did not be-lieve that we would call it the people’s House without giving the residents of the District of Columbia a vote in that House. The Governor of Utah came to testify for it. The Republican Members from the House and the Senate voted for it. It was a one-to-one, and it was perhaps the best chance for voting rights, cer-tainly, that we have had since the cre-ation of the Republic. Well, if we got that kind of bipar-tisan support for at least the House vote, why doesn’t the District of Co-lumbia have a vote on the House floor as I speak? The answer is that the Na-tional Rifle Association succeeded in getting a Member to attach to the bill, in the House, an amendment that, in exchange for the House vote, the Dis-trict would have had to give up all of its gun safety laws. I have just indicated to you the kinds of sacrifice that would have meant. The assault weapons ban would be gone, just to name, perhaps, the worst of them. That is an offer we had to refuse, and it is the closest we have come to equal rights as a Federal dis-trict. But it is not the closest we will ever come. We will give priority during the next Congress to budget autonomy, au-tonomy over our own budget; legisla-tive autonomy, to keep our legislation from having to come to this floor. A local prosecutor—the DA who ev-eryone associates with your local juris-diction is not who enforces criminal law in the District of Columbia. It is the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia who does both local law, local criminal law, and, of course, Fed-eral law. Mayoral control over the National Guard; your Governor can call out your National Guard because only he knows the ins and outs of safety when there are issues affecting the National Guard. The National Guard is usually used for things that are local in nature, such as hurricanes and flooding. b1345 The President knows almost nothing about that or about the authority to grant clemency, as I mentioned earlier in these remarks. Also, of course, con-trol over the appointment of local judges and the operations of the local courts. Yes, D.C. courts are title I courts. What that means is that these judges who handle only local matters— local criminal and civil matters—are appointed by the President of the United States and have to stand in line to get approved by the Senate of the United States. I have simply summarized some of the hardships of not being treated as an equal jurisdiction under the Con-stitution of the United States and some of the benefits of citizenship that the District would obtain if such equal-ity were indeed granted. It is true that the District has never achieved this equality, but I do not fret that it is out of hand. When the next Congress resumes, I have indicated any number of things I will pursue. In addi-tion, if my party controls this Cham-ber, I will ask for a vote on the House floor. I will ask for that vote, even though I am not certain by any means that that vote would result in state-hood. I will ask for that vote, because I want to put it to this body exactly what it means not to have the same rights they have. When my party controlled this House, I did not get statehood, but I was able to get what is called the vote in the Committee of the Whole. That is a vote on some business on the House floor. My Republican friends actually sued the House for allowing the District of Columbia, whose residents are number one per capita in Federal taxes, this vote on the House floor. They went to the Federal District Court, then to the Court of Appeals, but they did not have the gumption to go to the Supreme Court. So I voted for my District at least on some matters in the Committee of the Whole. And I will seek that vote, even short of statehood. I represent one of the Nation’s oldest cities. I represent 700,000 residents who have overpaid their dues—have over-paid them in war, have overpaid them in taxes. We are overdue as we pursue democracy for other people around the world in assuring that there is democ-racy for everyone in our own country. We should begin with the residents of our own proud Nation’s capital. I ask the House to think deeply about what lies in your hands, and that is not only the ability, but the obliga-tion to make the 700,000 residents of the District of Columbia whole by making the District of Columbia the 51st State of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE ACTIONS AND POLICIES OF CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE GOV-ERNMENT OF BELARUS AND OTHER PERSONS TO UNDERMINE DEMOCRATIC PROCESSES OR IN-STITUTIONS OF BELARUS—MES-SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–131) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.085 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5013 June 8, 2018 
emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the actions and policies of certain mem-bers of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine democratic processes or institutions of Belarus that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2018. The actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or insti-tutions, to commit human rights abuses related to political repression, and to engage in public corruption con-tinue to pose an unusual and extraor-dinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13405 with respect to Belarus. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , June 8, 2018. 
f 
IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) for 30 minutes. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives. I would say, first of all, I want to compliment the gentleman on the se-lection of his tie—the nice Washington Capitals red tie that he has on. Every-body behind me who is dressed in red and up there dressed in red, Mr. Speak-er, has to be celebrating the jinx being broken and the Washington Capitals winning the Stanley Cup last night. The streets were full of people cele-brating. By the way, it was fairly calm, con-sidering the exhilaration that drove all of that. A few people came here a little tired today, but with a big smile on their face. So a lot of happy, tired peo-ple in Washington, D.C. My congratula-tions goes out to them. I came here today speak about a topic that has been essentially con-suming a lot of our time here in these debates, Mr. Speaker, and that is this topic of immigration. We had a 2-hour conference on Thurs-day morning from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.—it may have gone after that a little ways—to try to reach a resolution. It seems as though we got about the same kind of conclusion with our effort to reach a resolution as they did in the United States Senate when they de-bated on the floor of the Senate for 4 days on immigration issues, trying to get a consensus to bring any single bill out of the Senate that could get enough votes to pass. They fell short and nothing passed. That was Feb-ruary. I think some people have a sense of a consensus from the meeting yes-terday, but I do not believe that we have anything that gets to 218 votes. So, generally, Mr. Speaker, the con-servatives and Republicans would agree with four of the five pillars that Presi-dent Trump has laid out. I don’t know if I will get them exactly right, but one is to build the wall. Another one is to secure the border. Another one is to end chain migration. Another one is to establish merit-based immigration, in-stead of having it be the chain migra-tion that we have experienced. I recall witnesses before the Immi-gration Committee years ago who tes-tified that between 7 and 11 percent of our legal immigration in America—the legal immigration in America—only between 7 and 11 percent is based upon anything that we have control over, which presumably would be merit. The balance of the legal immigra-tion, then, is really not in the control of the American people or in the con-trol of the United States Congress. It is in the control of the people who are, I will say, utilizing the current policy that we have, that we can’t find the consensus to reverse. And those who are coming in the country sometimes by hook, by crook, and shenanigan, and sometimes just simply exploiting the laws that we have. So it has always been very simple for me, Mr. Speaker; that is, we need to se-cure the border. Without a border you don’t have a nation. Any sovereign na-tion has to secure its borders and has to control those borders. That goes for any sovereign nation all over the world, including the Vatican. I look at that big, 30-foot-tall wall around the Vatican and understand that they don’t have an open borders policy there. Neither do other coun-tries around the world, except for the United States of America, who, under the 8 of years of Barack Obama, watched the rule of law be so eroded that it has clouded the minds of a lot of Republicans here in the House of Representatives. There was a question asked yester-day that I wrote down here that I think is really important to contemplate. I hadn’t put it in those kind of words be-fore, although I had thought about it and I actually did research on it. And the question is this: I’ll put it this way—this discussion, by the way, on immigration, the sticking point is about DACA, Deferred Action For Childhood Arrivals. So the question that was posed was this: We stopped the entire political world for these people, DACA recipi-ents. So the question was posed: Who are they? Who are they? We hear continually they are valedic-torians or they came across the border on their mother’s arm when they were 3 years old. They know no country but this one. They only speak one lan-guage: English. They don’t have a memory of any other country. They study hard and work hard and get good grades. Some of them even say that they are as fine a group of people as we can select out of American citizens. So I began asking some of those ques-tions of our bureaucracy. I had actu-ally begun asking those questions as far back as last September and intensi-fied the request in January and focused on it very hard. With a lot of work to try to get to the bottom of it, I found out a number of things about who are the DACA re-cipients. First, I want to characterize, just a little bit, about how we got here. Barack Obama made DACA, the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, made it his tool for an unconstitu-tional amnesty. We should not forget, Barack Obama, on at least 22 different locations and times, said on videotape that he didn’t have the constitutional authority to create this DACA policy. He said at a school here in Wash-ington, D.C., not that long ago, before he left office, before he implemented the DACA policy, he said: You are smart students here; you understand this. He said: I can’t write the laws. Congress writes laws. The President and the executive branch carry out those laws, execute those laws, and the court interprets the laws. So it is up to Congress to change the policy. But just a couple of months after that statement, President Obama im-plemented by executive edict a DACA policy that no thinking constitu-tionalist can really take the position that it is anything other than utterly, blatantly, and self-confessed by Barack Obama unconstitutional. Yet, we have had a couple of Federal Judges who say that President Trump, who was elected to end the DACA pol-icy—and we all expected that January 20, 2017, at noon, when President Trump took his oath of office, he would have already had the order ready to go that would have ended the DACA pol-icy and stopped any new permits from being issued and stopped any renewals of existing permits, and perhaps even cancel the existing ones that were there, but that didn’t happen. Five to six weeks later, Mr. Speaker, we learned that the Trump administra-tion was still issuing new DACA per-mits in just as unconstitutional a fash-ion as Barack Obama was. He just wasn’t the author of it. He wasn’t the creator of it. President Trump wasn’t the creator of it. He was the continuer of the unconstitutional DACA policy created and established by Barack Obama. So there were extensions, renewals of existing, and there were creations and new permits handed out for DACA. We all knew it was unconstitutional. Then, as we went along, I want to really thank a number of States, but in particular, Texas, who put together a lawsuit, to file a lawsuit, on the uncon-stitutional policy of DACA, which is costing Texas taxpayers money and op-portunity and every other State in the Union, as far as I know, money and op-portunity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.038 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5014 June 8, 2018 
Ken Paxton, the Attorney General of Texas, prepared a lawsuit that he had, I believe the number were 12 states that agreed to join with that suit, and they were prepared to file that suit last September 5, was the date. Yet, they negotiated with the White House. So, President Trump agreed to end the DACA policy. He took this ac-tion last September 5. Part of that ne-gotiation was so that the lawsuit would not be filed by Texas and other states. Because clearly, they would prevail. DACA is unconstitutional. President Trump conceded, appar-ently, that point and ended the DACA policy effective in 6 months, which would be the 5th of March this year. b1400 Then he challenged Congress to pass legislation that would resolve the DACA issue and resolve the balance of the immigration issues that we have. That deadline, presumably, was March 5. However, there were a couple of Fed-eral judges who decided that they were legislators, and they came to a deci-sion, an order, that said that President Trump couldn’t cancel the DACA pol-icy, that he is compelled to continue it, to issue new permits, and to extend ex-isting permits, for no constitutional reason that I am aware of and no statu-tory reason that I am aware of, just ac-tivist judges who are seeking to legis-late from the bench and impose their personal policy preference on the rest of America. Well, that can’t stand, Mr. Speaker. We know that can’t stand. It has got to get to the Supreme Court. And the Su-preme Court, in nobody’s imagination, is going to come down with a decision that says that a preceding President can implement a blatantly and clearly and, I said, self-confessedly—that is a word, I hope, ‘‘self-confessedly’’—ille-gal policy, unconstitutional policy. Barack Obama established that pol-icy. No Supreme Court is going to say: And by the way, every succeeding President has to accept the executive actions of his predecessor no matter how unconstitutional they are; that he can’t end, by executive action, some-thing that was unconstitutionally im-plemented by the executive action of his predecessor, Barack Obama. But that is the decision that we have right now before the courts. Thank-fully, Attorney General Ken Paxton of Texas ramped this back up again, and they are going back to court now. This goes before Judge Hanen, who has been a stellar constitutionalist, an originalist, and a textualist. I appreciate the work he has done in the past. I can’t speak to his decision coming up on this, except this, that we have the rule of law sitting here hang-ing in the balance. That is what has been pushed into the middle of the table. That is the bet, the rule of law, up or down. And if the court is allowed to resolve this issue, whether it is before Judge Hanen’s circuit court or whether it goes on to the Supreme Court, which I expect it would, the Supreme Court will come down with a decision that al-lows and recognizes that the Chief Ex-ecutive Officer of the United States of America—right now, President Donald Trump—has the authority to reverse any executive action of any of his pred-ecessors. That is how our Constitution is structured. And if it is any other way, if a President can, by executive action, visit a horrible policy on the American people and we don’t have a way to undo that, our Founding Fathers didn’t serve us up a document like that. They gave us a document with checks and balances and the authorities to be set up in a proportional way. So DACA, if it is allowed to continue through the litigation process, will be thrown out by the Supreme Court. Let’s let that happen. Let’s find out. I am willing to take a Supreme Court de-cision on this, because if it goes the other way, our Republic is essentially lost anyway. So who are these people? Who are they? Well, Barack Obama made this a tool for his unconstitutional method of get-ting people, I will say, quasi-legalized. When that happened, specifics went out the window. When you read through these documents—and I have finally gotten my hands on the documents, Mr. Speaker. Each one of the applica-tions is a 7-page application. Altogether, there are about 2 million applications. Roughly half of them are renewals. That means there are 14 mil-lion pieces of paper, a lot of them filled out by hand, in fact, most of them filled out by hand. They only went electronic in 2015, I believe November 1 of 2015. So it is hard to pull the data out. That is why we had to work so hard to get it. Some other things that came along that we are learning from reading through the press: We are finding more and more DACA recipients who are MS–13. We shouldn’t be surprised at that. A lot of them came in as unaccompanied alien mi-nors. Then they get recruited into gangs, or they came in as a member of a gang. They weren’t all 3-year-old girls brought across the Rio Grande River by their mother. A whole lot of them were unaccompanied alien minors. And some of them who were accompanied went right into the highest gang areas in the country, MS–13 gang areas. There is a large percentage of them who are also prime gang-age recruit-ment. Out of 817,000 DACA recipients, that universe who are currently under DACA, there are about 135,000 who were prime gang-age recruitment from that 13-, 14-, 15-year-old age. To remind folks, Mr. Speaker, we had the Drug Enforcement Administration Chief Administrator there, Robert Pat-terson, before the Judiciary Committee a couple of weeks ago. I asked him a se-ries of questions. Here is one of the things that he concurred on: 80 percent to 90 percent of the illegal drugs con-sumed in America come from or through Mexico. Mr. Speaker, 80 percent to 90 percent of those illegal drugs. We have had 64,000 Americans die be-cause of drug overdose, primarily opioid abuse, and at least two-thirds of that are illegal opioids. The physicians are getting this under control, tightening down their pre-scriptions. They addressed this some time ago. But the illegal drugs are killing Americans, and those illegal drugs are coming from or through Mexico, 80 per-cent to 90 percent of them. It is a matter of note that—I will find this along the way. But over a period of about 3 years, from 2013 until 2016—and that is the first year, 2013 was the first year after the DACA announcement— the Mexican poppy fields tripled in acres. They tripled in size. We wonder why we have a heroin problem and an opioid problem in the United States and where it comes from: from or through Mexico, by the testi-mony of Robert Patterson. We also have that the drug crisis is directly related to the growth of MS– 13. That is a statement that was made by Commissioner Geraldine Hart, Com-missioner of Suffolk County, Long Is-land, New York. That is some of the in-formation that is in here. So who are they? Who are the DACA recipients, Mr. Speaker? As I dug through the records and fi-nally got my hands on the data, one of the hardest pieces of information I have ever had to work for in this town—and the nature of this town makes you work for information that politically they don’t want you to have. Well, I have it now in my hands. And I will say no other Member of Con-gress has this information, and it has not been shared outside of a very tight circle in my own shop. Here are some things: The overall number of DACA recipi-ents, 817,798 is the overall number— 817,798. I began looking down through those records, and of those who even filled out the form, that they came in too early, that they would be disqualified because they came in too early or they would be disqualified because they came in too late, the initial entry dates disqualify, of the 817,798, 8,964 of them because they didn’t fit the pa-rameters of the dates that they had to have come into the United States, some for the first time. Another 2,100, their records are not available. They just simply don’t have those records. If we are going to make sure that they are getting an education and learning English and working and that whole list of meritorious things that you always hear about when peo-ple talk about DACA, the least they could do is fill out the form. So there are 2,100 records that are not available. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.073 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5015 June 8, 2018 
Then they transferred the applica-tion form into form N–400 about that time in late winter of 2015, early winter of 2016. They transferred it over to form N–400. That is a foundational doc-ument that can be transferred into citizenship. So they set up the book-work to turn them into citizens clear back then. It always was the unconstitutional, lawless plan of Barack Obama to push this all on us. I will say I thought Re-publicans were stronger than they seemed to be. He must have had them judged just about right, because he thought he could feed this to us, but he also believed that Hillary Clinton would be the President of the United States. How many of them traveled out of the United States? ‘‘They are afraid to go back home.’’ ‘‘They don’t know any other country but this country.’’ We have heard this over and over again. But 775 confessed on the form that they had gone back to their home country. That should dis-qualify them. Of those who already reported that they were too old to qualify, over age 31 by the closing date, there were 2,464 who were too old to qualify. And here is the number of those who were prime gang recruitment age: 135,250 of them. But that also includes boys and girls. Of the boys and girls, more boys get recruited, of course, by far, but the girls are being recruited, too. We know how bad that can be. That is just up to age 16. The legisla-tion that they want to bring to this floor takes it to age 18, and that adds about another 33,000 or 34,000 for each year. So that number, then, would go to 100—let’s see. Well, 66,000 to 68,000 more on top of that, so just round that up. It would be 200,000 would be the uni-verse from which MS–13 and other gangs would recruit while they waited for the younger kids to get a little older. They are growing up in these MS–13 neighborhoods. They are being deliv-ered to MS–13 neighborhoods. We are eroding the culture of the civilization of America with this policy, and every-body is afraid to say who they are. No-body is even asking the question. They are just saying, ‘‘valedictorian,’’ ‘‘3- year-old girls.’’ There are a few who are. I found them in this data, too. Actually, they are a little better represented than I expected they would be, but that is only my judgment, not the data. On education: They are supposed to be getting an education. Here is what I found out from looking at the edu-cation: no data available. We are out of this universe of 817,798, Mr. Speaker. Out of that universe, there were 564,103 where there was no data available at all in their applica-tion on education. Were they going to school or weren’t they? Did they have an education of any kind? Where did it take them to? Was it sixth grade? third grade? 11th grade? No data available. That is 68.9 percent of the DACA re-cipients we don’t have even a record that they ever went to school. I have to believe a good number of them went to school but not long enough, apparently, to write that down on this form. And most of them had help filling out the applications. That is those where the records were not available. Then they have this mushy question in there that is designed—this whole thing is designed to grant amnesty, so the questions are asked in such a way, when you read through there, that it was never designed to understand and get an honest reporting that came out. Regardless, those who have no di-ploma and may or may not be in school, that is another 179,719, or 21.9 percent. They say, well, they don’t have a degree, they don’t have a di-ploma, they may or may not be in school, by the way the question was asked. In any case, if you add together those with no data available and those with no verification of any kind of edu-cational experience, that comes to 90.8 percent of all of the DACA recipients without a validation of their edu-cation. Of those who attest that they qualify—now, remember, there is no verification here. All the stuff on this 7-page document they attest to, but the verification is almost nonexistent, although there is a little bit. Of those who attest they are qualified by edu-cation, that is 9.2 percent is all. So I found myself adding up these things and seeing what is the worst- case scenario. Oh, the best-case scenario is believe everything and expect that there is an excuse for 564,000 not even putting out a number on the form. So I began to add this up. I think I left some things out, though, Mr. Speaker. I will start this way. Of 817,798, you would subtract from that the 564,103 that they had no data on for education at all, because they would have been disqualified by the re-quirements of the program. The second group, you can’t tell whether they went to school or not. That is 179,719. Subtract that. They are disqualified, also, because you can’t tell. Oh, here is a really interesting one. Of those who confessed to being crimi-nals, 66 percent of those who self-re-ported that they are criminals, they re-ceived their DACA permit. Two-thirds of those who said ‘‘I am a criminal’’ got their DACA permit anyway. Those are the initial applications. Then, once their status was up for re-newal, of the group who said they— that was a much bigger group then, those up for renewal. 31,854 of them were granted. The 94 percent of the roughly 33,000 or so altogether, 94 per-cent of them got renewed even though they said, ‘‘I am a criminal.’’ So we are not really cleaning out the folks that we wouldn’t want in this group, and it is getting harder and harder to find the ones you would want in this group. Then, of those based upon the data entry I mentioned earlier, 8,964, they would be out, disqualified; 2,100 with no data available, they would be disquali-fied; And of those who went back home, it disqualifies them, also, because they knew when they came back in that they were violating the law. It wasn’t through no fault of their own. That is 775. b1415 Mr. Speaker, I am sure that you have added this up in your head, as I have run through these numbers, and the conclusion you will have drawn is that, of the 817,798 DACA recipients on record at the time we pulled this data off last month, there was 789,851 of them who would be disqualified on the records because they didn’t meet the standards that were put down by Barack Obama that were designed to give amnesty in the first place. That is how bad these records are. I can’t believe these people are these bad, but the records certainly are hor-rible, and we are here pontificating as if we know what we are doing. States-men and women here are deciding: Oh, yeah, I can give amnesty to DACA re-cipients because it is the humane thing to do. It is the right thing to do for the country. Don’t call it amnesty because it hurts my feelings. And, by the way, we need to do this because if we don’t give amnesty to DACA recipients, we can’t get the money for the wall, and we can’t pass the border security, and we can’t end chain migration, and we can’t pass Kate’s Law, and we can’t pass Sarah’s Law, and we can’t end sanctuary cities. Really? This United States of Amer-ica, this shining city on a hill, this stellar country that has eclipsed any-thing that any country has ever done before, we can’t restore the essential pillar of American exceptionalism called the rule of law? In fact, Mr. Speaker, when Ronald Reagan spoke of the shining city on a hill, I always thought a little bit differently. I was always inspired by the image that he drew, but America is, instead, a shin-ing city built upon pillars, and those pillars are the pillars of American exceptionalism, and most of them are in the bill of rights. You have a pillar for freedom of speech, a pillar for freedom of religion, a pillar for freedom of the press, a pil-lar for freedom of assembly. We have a pillar for Second Amendment rights to keep and bear arms, and then we have a pillar for property rights and one for no double jeopardy and a jury of your peers and the enumerated powers in the Constitution, the framework of the intergenerational contractual guar-antee, which is our Constitution, all of that is there. It leaves out a couple of things in the Constitution. It doesn’t point out that this is a Judeo-Christian society with a belief and a moral foundation that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.075 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5016 June 8, 2018 
guides us in our everyday life and a level of expectations of living up to American standards, that is not there. But it is a pillar of American exceptionalism. It is a pillar of the shining city on the pillars. And free en-terprise, capitalism, is another compo-nent. All of these things come together to make America great. You know, you can maybe wound two or three of those pillars, and we would still be a great Nation. But the central pillar—think of these others that I have described all around a circle holding up that city, but the middle, the important one, the central pillar of American exceptionalism is the rule of law. It is sacrosanct to a free people. If we don’t live by the rule of law, our country col-lapses, our other pillars fall, and we fall into the Third World. And yet, this Congress is in the busi-ness right now of negotiating away the rule of law under some myopic belief that if we just reward this group of people for breaking the law, somehow the rest of those folks that are out there in other sympathetic categories are just going to go away and say: Sorry, I guess I missed the boat; I wasn’t DACA; I was a parent that brought DACA in; or I got in too early and so I was disqualified; or I got in too late and I was disqualified. These are all illegal entries, by the way. Or I came into America, had a baby with an anchor baby. Now I am a parent of an American. How do we split up families? You have to draw a line. The only place to draw the line is right down the rule of law, and we cannot be sup-porting amnesty. To grant amnesty is to pardon immigration lawbreakers and reward them with the objective of their crime. What nation does that? What think-ing nation would do such a thing when we have got so much at stake; and how this multiplies itself throughout the generations? 1986 Ronald Reagan made one mis-take. He signed the amnesty act of 1986. We have been paying for that ever since because it created the expecta-tion that there would be other amnes-ties. There have been at least six other minor amnesties since then. This is the big one. This is at least as big as Ron-ald Reagan, and it sets the stage for another 10 to 20 million people re-warded for breaking American law. And what do we tell our children and what will our descendants think if we can’t think any more clearly than we appear to be doing right now? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, just to follow up on what my good friend from Iowa (Mr. KING) was saying, there is an article here from this week—Hans A. von Spakovsky says: ‘‘Alabama is ar-guing that by including illegal immi-grants in its count of the population, it deprives the State of representation in the U.S. House of Representatives. The key to Alabama’s case is the definition of ‘persons’ who should be counted and thus used in apportionment. This is not an issue the court has addressed be-fore.’’ That is interesting. ‘‘Alabama has filed an unprecedented but little-noticed lawsuit against the U.S. Census Bureau. If the State wins, it could have major political ramifica-tions and restore fundamental fairness in political representation in Con-gress.’’ And I might insert parenthetically here, I heard my friend, the delegate from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) was talking about hoping to have a vote, whether it was making D.C. a State or whatnot. But in the lit-tle research that I ended up doing after I got here is I have seen the license plate, ‘‘Taxation without representa-tion.’’ I thought: Well, you know, of course, that was something that was said during the Revolution, ‘‘Taxation without representation is tyranny.’’ Ben Franklin said, if we don’t get to elect even one of the members of par-liament that put taxes on us, then they should not be able to put taxes on us. So I am familiar with that situation, but I didn’t know, until after I had been here awhile, I find out that terri-tories, like—or any U.S. property that is not part of a State, they do not have a U.S. representative because the Con-stitution is very clear, very succinct, it says that the representative shall come from the several States. In the late 1970s, all of the pro-ponents of giving Washington, D.C. a representative, a U.S. representative, they understood there is only one way to do that, and that is to have a con-stitutional amendment to amend where it says the representative shall come from the several States and include, and the District of Columbia, some-thing like that. Well, they passed it with a signifi-cant percentage in the House and the Senate that allowed it to go forward as a constitutional amendment, but they never got—in the late 1970s, they never got the requisite number of States be-cause I guess, from the State stand-point, they are thinking: Well, if we ratify this as a constitutional amend-ment, it slightly, but still does, dilute a little bit of our power in the House of Representatives. So it didn’t get the requisite number of States. But, again, after I was here, I was talking to a friend from Puerto Rico, and I said: I know there have been votes in the past about whether Puerto Ricans want to be a State or not. Why has that not passed previously? This is several years ago. And he said: Well, there are people that kind of like the current situation in Puerto Rico. It is the same as in Guam or the Mariana Islands or the U.S. Virgin Islands—all the areas that are not States, they are territories— because in those, as in Puerto Rico, be-cause they do not elect a full voting representative into the U.S. House or Senate, then the Founders, up through the current time, have said it is not fair. Just like Ben Franklin said, it is not fair to make them pay Federal in-come tax, Federal tax, if they don’t elect a full voting representative. So there is no U.S. territory, no non- State U.S. property that has to pay Federal income tax if they are not a State that elects a representative, ex-cept for the District of Columbia. And once I realized that, I went: Well, it may not seem to people to be a Republican issue, but that really is not fair for the District of Columbia, because the people in the District of Columbia pay Federal income tax. So if we are really going to be con-sistent, we are really going to be fair to the people of the District of Colum-bia, there is only one thing to do: Ei-ther make them a State, which a form of that was tried in the 1970s and it didn’t work, or the other—actually there are three things. The other is to make the law as it is for every other non-State, that the residents of that non-State do not pay Federal income tax. So I filed that bill in a number of the Congresses, including this one. It was very basic, you know—residents of Washington, District of Columbia, will not pay Federal income tax, just like all the other territories. And I have been intrigued that I have not gotten support from Democrats, including the delegate from the District of Columbia. I understand, you know, folks like my colleague want to have a full vot-ing U.S. representative. Fine. But why not let your constituents at least be treated like every other resident U.S. citizen of a non-State. Don’t make them pay income tax until you get what you want. Maybe some day you’ll get it, but until you do, why don’t you join forces with me and just say: We want to pass this law; we are going to be fair to the residents of Washington, D.C. just like we are to all the other non-States that are U.S. territories; we are going to say you don’t pay Federal income tax. But I have been amazed that I am still not getting support from the other side of the aisle, just to be fair, until they—I am not in favor of making the District of Columbia a State. I like what the Founders did, with that one exception, they should not have to pay tax since they don’t elect a full voting representative. So, anyway, I am hoping that at some point at least one or more of my Democratic friends will join forces with me and maybe we can push that issue to the floor so we can treat the residents of the District of Columbia fairly. But until the person rep-resenting the people here in the Dis-trict of Columbia disagree, then it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.077 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5017 June 8, 2018 
doubtful the Speaker would ever bring my bill to the floor so we could treat them fairly. Now, there is one other way that that could be handled, and I did file this bill some Congresses back, but it had even less support, so I didn’t bother to file it again. So one way to be fair to the resi-dents of the District of Columbia would be to say: No Federal income tax, since you don’t elect a full voting represent-ative. The other would be to do what was done in the late 1840s when there were major complaints from residents of the District of Columbia. They were part of the 10-mile-by-10-mile square District of Columbia, but were on the western side of the Potomac River. They were protesting. They were upset. Look, you are not using any of our land as Fed-eral land, so why don’t you just cede the land west of the Potomac back to Virginia and then we can participate in the election of not only representa-tives, but also two Senators? We will get to participate in that since you are not using the land. b1430 Well, of course, nowadays, the Fed-eral Government is using a lot of that land. You have not only Reagan Na-tional Airport, you have Arlington Na-tional Cemetery, the Pentagon, and so many other things across the river. But back in the late 1840s, that was ceded back to Virginia. That is why when people look at a map of the Dis-trict of Columbia, it is no longer a 10- mile-by-10-mile square. It is uneven on the west side because it follows the Po-tomac, going back to that ceding of land back to Virginia. So I have filed a bill before, and I am not planning on filing it again because it just didn’t get any real support at all. But we drew a line with a metes and bounds description around all of the nonresident Federal buildings in the District of Columbia. We keep those as Federal enclaves, and then cede all of the other land east of the Potomac back to Maryland. I remember my friend from the Dis-trict of Columbia, across the aisle, ask-ing me one time on this floor, when I was talking about this bill: But what if Maryland didn’t want to take this land back? And I looked at my friend, Mr. H
OYER  from Maryland, and I said—I am sure that our friend here, Mr. H
OYER , would say—any State would be thoroughly pleased to have you and your constitu-ents as residents of their State. I didn’t get an ‘‘amen’’ or ‘‘sure, of course’’ from Mr. H
OYER , but I am sure, deep in his heart, he felt that way. But, like I said, I never got any real support for that. So I am hoping, at some point, my friend from the District of Columbia will join me and say: Okay, at least until—and even if it doesn’t happen—at least until it did happen, the residents of the District of Columbia should be treated fairly, like we do those from any other non-State, and don’t pay in-come tax. I appreciate bringing those issues back up again. It is an easy solution. And I just feel like if we had a bipar-tisan effort to pass that, then we could get that done on behalf of the residents of Washington, District of Columbia. But, anyway, back to this article from the Heritage Foundation, June 5, talking about the lawsuit about count-ing illegal immigrants in the Census. It says: ‘‘Conversely, the lawsuit argues, the practice of counting illegal immi-grants in the Census gives States that protect them (California, for example) seats and votes they are not entitled to have. ‘‘The 14th Amendment to the Con-stitution provides that Representatives in the House ‘shall be apportioned among the several States . . . accord-ing to their respective Numbers’’’— just like I was talking about—‘‘with the ‘Numbers’ determined by ‘counting the whole number of persons in each State.’ ‘‘After every Census, House seats are reapportioned according to the popu-lation of each State. Electoral College votes are reapportioned according to the number of each State’s congres-sional Representatives. ‘‘Alabama is right about the unfair-ness of the current system. Illegal im-migrants, by definition, have no right to be in this country. It is unjust to allow States to gain a political advan-tage over other States by flouting Fed-eral immigration law. ‘‘The number of Representatives in the House—435—has been fixed by the law since 1910. So as Alabama says in its complaint, apportionment is ‘a zero sum proposition: Each State’s gain is another State’s loss.’ ‘‘Alabama argues that by including illegal immigrants in apportionment, congressional seats and Electoral Col-lege votes are unfairly distributed. ‘‘Based on the 2010 Census, Louisiana, Missouri, and Ohio each lost a seat in the House and a vote in the Electoral College, while Montana failed to gain a seat and an electoral vote. By contrast, California gained two House seats and two Electoral College votes. And Flor-ida and Texas each gained one seat and one vote. ‘‘As a result, says Alabama in its lawsuit: ‘four House seats and four Electoral College votes were redistrib-uted by the inclusion of illegal aliens in the apportionment base in the 2000 Census.’ ‘‘Alabama claims that including ille-gal immigrants in the 2020 Census will likely cause it to lose a congressional seat and an Electoral College vote. It says this ‘will rob the State of Ala-bama and its legal residents of their rightful share of representation. ‘‘This also violates the ‘one person, one vote’ equal representation stand-ard of the 14th Amendment. According to Alabama, ‘the gains from including illegal aliens in the apportionment base flow to citizens who live in State with large numbers of illegal aliens.’ ‘‘Why? Because it means that ‘in a State in which a large share of the pop-ulation cannot vote, those who do vote count more than those who live in States where a larger share of the pop-ulation is made up of American citi-zens.’’’ Which is an interesting argu-ment. ‘‘This results in ‘representational in-equality’ by devaluing the vote of Ala-bama’s legal residents. This redistribu-tion of political power ‘disincentivizes States with large illegal alien popu-lations from cooperating with Federal immigration authorities (lest they lose political power that comes with addi-tional Representatives and votes in the Electoral College),’ Alabama argues. ‘‘Moreover, including illegal immi-grants in the Census ‘punishes States who do cooperate with Federal immi-gration authorities in the identifica-tion and removal’ of illegal aliens, Ala-bama’s lawsuit states. ‘‘Alabama’s final complaint is mone-tary. Including illegal immigrants in the Census, it says, will likely cause it to lose its fair share of the almost $700 billion distributed annually by the Federal Government in grants and other funds. ‘‘The key to Alabama’s case is the definition of ‘persons’ who should be counted and thus used in apportion-ment. Alabama argues the term ‘per-sons’ was understood at the ‘time of the founding and when the 14th Amend-ment was ratified’ to mean the ‘inhab-itants’ of a State. ‘‘Furthermore, ‘in the public law of the founding era, the term ‘inhabitant’ did not encompass unlawful residents because inhabitance was a legal status that depended upon permission to set-tle granted by the sovereign nation in which an alien wished to reside,’ Ala-bama argues. ‘‘In other words, ‘persons’ does not include individuals who are in the U.S. illegally, without the permission of the Federal Government. ‘‘The ‘Residence’ rule adopted by the Census Bureau for the 2020 Census stip-ulates that foreign nationals will be counted and allocated to the State where their ‘usual residence’ is located, regardless of whether they are legally present.’’ There is some hypocrisy, I have no-ticed, among some of our friends here. On the one hand, they are constantly saying: We have to bring these illegal aliens, undocumented people, whatever they want to call them, we have to bring them out of the shadows. And I remember, on one occasion, we had a bunch of folks claiming to be il-legal aliens in the gallery right here. They were shouting and proud to be il-legal aliens at some point. I looked up, looked around the gallery at all of these people making noise, have T- shirts, and I thought: It doesn’t look like they are in the shadows to me. I mean, it looks like there is plenty of light up there. They keep using the term that they are ‘‘in the shadows,’’ yet Alabama has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.078 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5018 June 8, 2018 
this lawsuit and they are saying: We need to know who is in the country il-legally and who is not so we can get a fair count. And people that have been saying, on the one hand: We want everybody that is coming into the country illegally to come out of the shadows; when it comes to apportionment, they are say-ing: No, no, no, no, we want them counted, but you can’t ask them whether they are here illegally or not. So we want their status to stay in the shadows. We want to keep their status secret. Sanctuary cities are basically doing the same thing. They might as well put the Statue of Liberty out in San Fran-cisco harbor saying: Give us your tired, your poor, your felons, your people that like to shoot other people and rob them, because that is basically what San Francisco has been saying: We don’t care if you are a felon, we don’t care if you kill people, you rape women, or raped anybody, we want you here, and we won’t tell on you, so you come right in here. I am going to file a bill. I have been working on it too long. I haven’t got-ten the cooperation I thought I should from some folks. But, anyway, basi-cally, I think it ought be a civil right living in a city in the United States that is violated when a city says: We are going to welcome, encourage, real-ly try to recruit people to be in our city who are felons, who are here ille-gally and felons. And when that kind of action under State law robs people of their lives or their sexual purity or any other thing, there ought to be a cause of action against that city or that State that is saying: We encourage people that are here illegally and who are committing felonies, we want you here. That really ought to be a right of the others who are U.S. citizens that is being violated by the sanctuary city or the sanctuary State. So if a State or city wants to keep encouraging felons to live within their bounds and it costs people their lives or their property, there ought to be a civil rights lawsuit lodged against that State or city gov-ernment, or county government for that matter. So we will get it done and we will get it filed. That way it is fair. So, say, if San Francisco, for example, wants to keep encouraging people, like the guy that shot Kate Steinle, to come into the city, and that way others may be similarly situated, as was Kate Steinle, and get shot and killed as they beg their daddy to help them, I mean, I just can’t imagine anything much worse than that as a father. The father should not have his law-suit thrown out of court, as happened in the Steinle case. We ought to give the means to the aggrieved party to say to San Francisco, or say to the city or State when they are acting as a sanctuary city or State: Do you know what, you can do that if you want, but you are going to monetarily pay to the people who are harmed under your State or city color of law. It just seems fair. So, hopefully, we will get something done on that and let the lawsuits com-mence against the sanctuary cities. As a former lawyer who tried a lot of cases, I have seen the good that can come. Sometimes there are places where the litigation system is abused, often a topic on FOX News, but there are some laws we don’t really have to pass if you have a good court system that aggrieved parties can come in and they can sue and collect. And just the threat of that suit and collection voids the needs for us to come in here or run in and pass a law every time there is some illegality or impropriety or some damage done to other parties. Let the courts mete it out. When somebody is penalized finan-cially in a sufficient amount, then it will change their conduct. I think you would see sanctuary cities change once their taxpayers realize they are going to keep paying out multimillion dol-lars or hundreds of millions of dollars constantly in court costs and damages assessed. b1445 I bet you would see a whole lot of folks say: Do you know what? Maybe it is time that we quit having a sanc-tuary in our city for people who came in illegally and who also commit vio-lent felonies or property theft or what-ever it is. Let’s protect people and give them that right through litigation. Now, this article from Bob Price says: ‘‘Border Patrol Agents Arrest Sex Offenders, Gang Members in South Texas.’’ It points out that: ‘‘Border pa-trol agents assigned to the Rio Grande Valley Sector stopped sex offenders and gang members from making their way to their U.S. destinations over the weekend. During a 4-day period, agents arrested four child molesters and three gang members after they illegally crossed the border. The arrests include fugitives who fled the country to avoid prosecution and previously deported criminal aliens. ‘‘Rio Grande City Station agents ar-rested a man who illegally crossed the border near Roma, Texas, on Sunday. During processing, agents learned the Salvadoran national was convicted in Angleton, Texas, in February 2015 for a 2014 charge of sexual assault of a child. The Salvadoran national received a 5- year prison sentence and was deported after being released early by prison of-ficials.’’ And then obviously coming back, some other child was probably saved from another sexual assault, because I know from my experience as a pros-ecutor and a felony judge, when some-body is that kind of evil that they would commit that kind of assault on a child, it just seems to be the kind of evil that they keep coming back to. So it is something that needs to stop. Thank God we have Border Patrol offi-cers who are protecting us. I would just encourage our own Re-publican leadership, what got Presi-dent Trump elected was he was prom-ising that we would build a wall. He was promising an end to the unconsti-tutional DACA that Obama did. He was promising no amnesties. So I think in the time we have left in this year, wouldn’t it be a good idea if we as Re-publicans in the House quit worrying about a discharge petition and started being concerned about keeping our promises to the American people? Let’s get the wall built where it is needed, but for heaven’s sake, get the border secure. Secure the border so people coming in are coming in law-fully. We should not have to process any-body who comes in anywhere except through an authorized entry point into our country. If you try to come in an-other way, the Federal officers ought to do like the State of Texas officers do, and that is stand in the way: You are not coming into our country. You are not putting a foot on American soil until you come in legally. But the Federal officers haven’t been doing that, and we need to make that happen as well. That is what we do. Once we have secured the borders, then we can work something out about who is here and who stays, who goes. But until then, the border patrolmen again reaffirmed for me this last week, every time we mention DACA, am-nesty, any kind of legalization, any kind of stay, any kind of path to this, that, or the other, there is another surge of people illegally coming into the country. Let’s stop the surges. Let’s do whatever it takes to secure the border. Let’s forget about dis-charge petitions. Concentrate on that secured border. That will keep our oath. That will keep our promise. That defends the Con-stitution, and it also actually helps people get reelected, because we kept our promises. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 2 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5083. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Threshold for De Minimis Activity and Exemptions From Licensing Under the Animal Welfare Act [Docket No.: APHIS- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.080 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5019 June 8, 2018 
2014-0059] (RIN: 0579-AD99) received June 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5084. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Tree Tomatoes From Ecuador Into the Continental United States [Docket No.: APHIS-2015-0072] (RIN: 0579- AE23) received June 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 5085. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Procedures [Docket No.: APHIS-2013-0049] (RIN: 0579-AC60) received May 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5086. A letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s pro-posed rule — Standards of Conduct and Re-ferral of Known or Suspected Criminal Viola-tions; Standards of Conduct (RIN: 3052-AC44) May 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5087. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Regulatory Capital Rules: Removal of Certain Capital Rules That Are No Longer Effective Following the Imple-mentation of the Revised Capital Rules (RIN: 3064-AE51) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 5088. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Control of Communicable Dis-eases; Technical Correction [Docket No.: CDC-2016-0068] (RIN: 0920-AA63) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5089. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Health Resources and Services Admin-istration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — 340B Drug Pricing Program Ceil-ing Price and Manufacturer Civil Monetary Penalties Regulation (RIN: 0906-AB18) re-ceived June 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5090. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — State of Iowa; Approval and Promulgation of the State Implementation Plan, the 111(d) Plan and the Operating Per-mits Program [EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0470; FRL- 9979-10-Region 7] received June 1, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5091. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — New Source Performance Standards and National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pol-lutants; Delegation of Authority to New Mexico [EPA-R06-OAR-2016-0091; FRL-9978-89- Region 6] received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5092. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Ethoxylated Fatty Acid Methyl Esters; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0666; FRL-9976-39] received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5093. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Infrastruc-ture and Interstate Transport for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Ambient Air Qual-ity Standard [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0843; FRL- 9978-48-Region 6] received June 1, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5094. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; PA; Emissions Statement Requirement for the 2008 Ozone Standard [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0739; FRL-9978-98-Reigon 3] received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5095. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Alpha-cypermethrin; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2010-0234; FRL-9976-73] received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5096. A letter from the Director, Regula-tion Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; SC; Redesignation of the Greenville-Spartanburg Unclassifiable Area [EPA-R04-OAR-2018-0017; FRL-9978-93- Region 4] received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5097. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Additional Air Quality Des-ignations of the 2015 Ozone National Ambi-ent Air Quality Standards [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2017-0548; FRL-9977-72-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AT94) received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5098. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pydiflumetofen; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0775; FRL- 9976-66] received May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5099. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Antelope Valley Air Quality Management District [EPA-R09-OAR-2017- 0760; FRL-9977-86-Region 9] received May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5100. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Louisiana; 2008 8- hour Ozone Maintenance Plan Revision for Baton Rouge [EPA-R06-OAR-2018-0111; FRL- 9978-44-Region 6] received May 22, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5101. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Rhode Island; Enhanced Motor Vehicle Inspection and Maintenance Program [EPA-R01-OAR- 2009-0436; FRL-9978-30-Region 1] received May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5102. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; OR; In-frastructure Requirements for the 2010 Nitro-gen Dioxide, 2010 Sulfur Dioxide, and 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standards [EPA- R10-OAR-2016-0056; FRL-9978-47-Region 10] re-ceived May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5103. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Volatile Organic Compounds Definition [EPA-R05-OAR-2017-0323; FRL-9978-45-Region 5] received May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5104. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Nonattainment Plans for the Lemont and Pekin SO2 Nonattainment Areas; Correction [EPA-R05-OAR-2016-0138; FRL-9978-43-Region 5] received May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5105. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.202(b), Table of Allotments, FM Broadcast Stations (Desert Hills, Arizona) [MB Docket No.: 18- 27] (RM-11796) received June 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5106. A letter from the Deputy Archivist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — National In-dustrial Security Program [FDMS No.: NARA-16-0006; Agency No.: NARA-2018-032] (RIN: 3095-AB79) received May 24, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5107. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Office of Justice Programs, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Program [Docket No.: OJP (BJA) 1722] (RIN: 1121-AA85) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 5108. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Ocean Disposal; Temporary Modification of an Ocean Dredged Material Disposal Site in Massachusetts Bay [EPA- R01-OW-2017-0528; FRL-9978-51-Region 1] re-ceived May 22, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JN7.000 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5020 June 8, 2018 
5109. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Debt Refi-nancing in 504 Loan Program (RIN: 3245- AG79) received May 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 5110. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update of 2018 Standard Mileage Rates Notice [Notice 2018-42] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5111. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Credit for Renewable Electricity Pro-duction and Refined Coal Production, and Publication of Inflation Adjustment Factor and Reference Prices for Calendar Year 2018 [Notice 2018-50] received May 30, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5112. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule -Indexing Adjustments for Certain Pro-visions under Section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code (Revenue Procedure 2018-34) received May 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 2851. A bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to clarify how con-trolled substance analogues are to be regu-lated, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–713, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H. Res. 898. Resolution directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Rep-resentatives relating to Department of Homeland Security policies and activities re-lating to homeland security information pro-duced and disseminated regarding cybersecurtiy threats posed by the ZTE Cor-poration, headquartered in Shenzhen, China; adversely (Rept. 115–714). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5685. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide educational resources regarding opioid use and pain management as part of the Medi-care & You handbook (Rept. 115–715, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5583. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to require States to annually report on certain adult health quality measures, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–716). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5800. A bill to require the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission to conduct an exploratory study and report on requirements applicable to and practices of institutions for mental diseases under the Medicaid program (Rept. 115–717). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROYCE of California: Committee on Foreign Affairs. H.R. 5480. A bill to improve programs and activities relating to women’s entrepreneurship and economic empower-ment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–718). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5735. A bill to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to estab-lish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals re-covering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other pur-poses; with amendments (Rept. 115–719). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3331. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of cer-tified electronic health record technology; with an amendment (Rept. 115–720, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5582. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on bar-riers to accessing abuse-deterrent opioid for-mulations for individuals enrolled in a plan under part C or D of the Medicare program; with an amendment (Rept. 115–721, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5788. A bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of ad-vance electronic information on inter-national mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–722, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5582 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3331 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Homeland Security dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5788 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 5788. Referral to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform extended for a period ending not later than June 11, 2018. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 6049. A bill to remove the limitation on large accelerated filers qualifying as an emerging growth company, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6050. A bill to allow all individuals purchasing health insurance in the indi-vidual market the option to purchase a lower premium copper plan; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 6051. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to apply certain annuity bene-fits to Federal Protective Service law en-forcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H.R. 6052. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare Program of hearing aids and related hearing services; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 6053. A bill to prohibit the modifica-tion of civil penalties under export control and sanctions laws of the United States with respect to Chinese telecommunication com-panies; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. B UDD, and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 6054. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide penalty enhance-ments for committing certain offenses while in disguise, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOMEZ (for himself, Ms. L
OF-
GREN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, and Mr. Q UIGLEY ): H.R. 6055. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to indemnify govern-ment employees, and employees entities that have contracts with such governments, from certain judgements for acting within their capacity to comply with their official duties and responsibilities, and other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. L
ANCE ): H.R. 6056. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish rules for payment for graduate medical education (GME) costs for hospitals that establish a new medical residency training program after hosting resident rotators for short du-rations; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6057. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for enhanced pen-alties for trafficking in fentanyl, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JN7.000 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5021 June 8, 2018 
other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 6058. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to make grants for the estab-lishment of pilot programs to advance high- definition road mapping in order to further the safe deployment of highly automated ve-hicles; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 6059. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 51 Willow Street in Lynn, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘Thomas P. Costin, Jr. Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 6060. A bill to assist in the conserva-tion of the North Atlantic right whale by supporting and providing financial resources for North Atlantic right whale conservation programs and projects of persons with exper-tise required for the conservation of North Atlantic right whales; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6061. A bill to require the head of each agency to submit to the Government Ac-countability Office a monthly travel log, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 6062. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide coverage under the Medicare program for FDA-ap-proved qualifying colorectal cancer screen-ing blood-based tests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 6063. A bill to enact certain existing laws relating to domestic security as title 6, United Staes Code, ‘‘Domestic Security’’, and to make technical amendments to im-prove the United States Code; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 6064. A bill to rename the Oyster Bay National Wildlife Refuge as the Congressman Lester Wolff National Wildlife Refuge; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. WALDEN (for himself and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 6065. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to limit eligibility for essential air service for certain locations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 6066. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the productivity of the management of Department of Veterans Affairs health care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H. Res. 928. A resolution of inquiry request-ing the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the President’s use of the pardon power under article II, section 2 of the Con-stitution; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. I
SSA, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. H
ANABUSA , and Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia): H. Res. 929. A resolution recognizing World Oceans Day and the necessity to protect, conserve, maintain, and rebuild the ocean and its resources; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE): H. Res. 930. A resolution encouraging re-unions of divided Korean-American families; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Ms. K
AP-
TUR, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. R
OSKAM ): H. Res. 931. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Fam-ine of 1932-1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a reminder of repressive So-viet policies against the people of Ukraine; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H. Res. 932. A resolution expressing soli-darity with the Tuidang Movement whereby Chinese citizens renounce their ties to the Chinese Communist Party and its affiliates, and calling for an immediate end to the cam-paign to persecute Falun Gong practitioners; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 6049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional Authority on which this bill rests is the explicit power of Con-gress to regulate in commerce in and among the states, as enumerated in Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 6051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of Article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6052. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare ofthe United States . . . By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 6053. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 6054. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ United States Constitution, Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GOMEZ: H.R. 6055. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United Sates Constitution. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 6056. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 6058. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 6059. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 6060. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JN7.100 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5022 June 8, 2018 
By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6061. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. PAYNE: H.R. 6062. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—Congress has the ability to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 6063. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution confers on Congress the authority to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into execution the powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. This legislation makes technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 34, United States Code, as necessary to keep the title current and make technical corrections and improvements. Codifying Federal stat-utes is a necessary role of Congress with re-spect to executing the powers vested by the Constitution in the legislative branch of the United States. By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 6064. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall. be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof’’ By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 6065. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 6066. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 53: Mr. R ASKIN and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 333: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 398: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 489: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 778: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 795: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 912: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 959: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 992: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1100: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 1156: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1205: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. L
AMB, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 1298: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 1318: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , and Mr. R OYCE of California. H.R. 1377: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1409: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 1606: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1615: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. H ECK, and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1683: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2077: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 2119: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 2151: Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. T
ONKO , and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 2215: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 2295: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2306: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2315: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2345: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 2452: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 2491: Mr. G
OMEZ and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 2556: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2598: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2651: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 2652: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 2790: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 2827: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2917: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2918: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B UDD, and Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 3032: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 3077: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3086: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3192: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 3272: Mr. H
IMES and Ms. C LARK of Mas- sachusetts. H.R. 3330: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 3410: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3692: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. T UR-
NER. H.R. 3780: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 3891: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 3919: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 3945: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3960: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 4107: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 4202: Mr. K
ILMER and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 4253: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4256: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4268: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4506: Mr. D
ENHAM and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4518: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 4732: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 4760: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas and Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 4861: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 4898: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5002: Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. B UCK, Mr. H
ILL, Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5009: Mr. H
ILLand Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 5036: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5041: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 5058: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5065: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5129: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5161: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 5167: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 5191: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5199: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 5222: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5248: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 5281: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 5329: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5339: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 5343: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 5353: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5385: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri. H.R. 5477: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 5480: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5534: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 5539: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 5590: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 5640: Mr. S
HUSTER . H.R. 5671: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 5684: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5701: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 5728: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 5735: Mrs. H
ANDEL and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 5774: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5780: Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5788: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 5795: Mr. M
AST, Mrs. N OEM, and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 5812: Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 5861: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. E STES of Kansas, and Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 5876: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 5889: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. G UTH-
RIE, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Ms. F OXX. H.R. 5890: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. G UTH-
RIE, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C
OURTNEY , and Ms. F OXX. H.R. 5891: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. B YRNE , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. F OXX. H.R. 5892: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. G UTH-
RIE, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. W
ALBERG , Ms. R OSEN , and Ms. F OXX. H.R. 5899: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5924: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. B ACON , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. N OR-
CROSS . H.R. 5963: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. C
RAMER , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 5977: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5988: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 6012: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 6033: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 6043: Mr. A
MASH and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 6048: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. S OTO. H.J. Res. 95: Mr. C
OHEN and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.J. Res. 129: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.J. Res. 135: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mr. M EEKS . H. Res. 401: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H. Res. 405: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. B ASS, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C RIST, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S OTO, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. D
OGGETT . H. Res. 864: Mr. K
INGof New York and Mr. S
UOZZI . H. Res. 896: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts. H. Res. 915: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. H ASTINGS . H. Res. 926: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. P AL-
LONE . f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tions: 
Petition 10 by Mr. CURBELO of Florida on House Resolution 774: Mr. Vela, Mr. Gonzalez of Texas. Petition 11 by Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania on House Resolution 873: Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.042 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5023 June 8, 2018 
Heck, Mr. Clay, Mr. McEachin, Mr. Krishnamoorthi, Mr. Soto, Mr. Scott of Vir-ginia, Mr. Espaillat, Mr. Ben Ray Luja ´n of New Mexico, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Peterson, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Mr. Suozzi, Mr. Hig-gins of New York, Mr. Kihuen, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mr. O’Rourke, Ms. Meng, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mrs. Bustos, Mrs. Napolitano, Ms. Barraga´n, Mr. Swalwell of California, Mr. Bera, Miss Rice of New York, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Gomez, Mr. Lipinski, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Himes, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Norcross, Mr. Sherman, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Mr. Cummings, Mr. Delaney, Mr. Lawson of Florida, Mr. Brown of Maryland, Mr. Ellison, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Carbajal, Mr. Schrader, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Richmond. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.039 H08JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE803 June 8, 2018 
HONORING MICHAEL POTEMRA 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deepest condolences on the passing of Michael Potemra, longtime literary editor of National Review Magazine. Mike Potemra was a conservative thought leader who served President Reagan and three United States Senators—Kasten of Wis-consin, Durenberger of Minnesota, and DeWine of Ohio—before joining the Editorial Board of National Review in 1999. Mike was a valued and proud member of the Reagan Revolution. I knew Mike when we worked in Senator Kasten’s office together nearly 30 years ago. Mike’s desk was around the corner from the mailroom where I started as an intern. He was a speechwriter for Senator Kasten, and a masterful one at that. With brilliance and abso-lute integrity, Mike took everyone he worked with to a higher level . . . so much from him. Mike loved America and the mobility and economic liberty that America embraces. He was born in Youngstown, Ohio to Slovakian immigrants and grew up speaking both Slovak and English. His life embodies the American Dream: as a child of immigrants, he attended Catholic University, Harvard Law School, and served in the White House and the U.S. Sen-ate. Mike was a profound and dedicated con-servative, but he was never partisan. He was intellectually curious about everything and em-braced political discourse as a true American does—always providing people with the oppor-tunity to change his mind—which rarely hap-pened. On a human level, Mike was a wonderful person with a keen sense of humor. More often than not, everyone who visited Mike’s desk left with a smile and a hearty laugh at his jokes, observations, and uncanny impressions of William F. Buckley, Ronald Reagan, and Jack Kemp. Let us take this time to remember Mike’s life and service to our country, and pray for the people who loved him dearly—his family, friends, and colleagues. He was a good man, and a great American. 
f 
RECOGNIZING REPRESENTATIVE BARBARA LEE FOR 20 YEARS OF CONGRESSIONAL SERVICE 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Representative B
ARBARA LEE, a native of El Paso, Texas, who this year is celebrating her 20th year as a Member of Congress. On June 10, her milestone will be honored with a portrait dedication ceremony at the McCall Neighborhood Center in our mutual home-town, and I rise today to note her achieve-ments and congratulate her on a distinguished career thus far. Representative LEEwas born in El Paso, Texas, where she attended St. Joseph’s Catholic School. During her childhood, El Paso remained a segregated community. For instance, Representative L
EEand other Afri-can American citizens were not able to enter landmark buildings in El Paso such as the Plaza Theatre due to segregation laws. De-spite this adversity, her family achieved mile-stones for racial equality in El Paso: her moth-er was one of the first African Americans to graduate from Texas Western College (now the University of Texas at El Paso) and her fa-ther was the first African American mail carrier in El Paso. Her upbringing and experiences in the di-verse community of El Paso inspired in her a passion for justice and equality, a quality that endured when she moved away from El Paso to California when she was 13 years old. Fol-lowing high school, she not only raised two sons as a single mother and worked to create a better life for her family, but also attended Mills College, served as president of the school’s Black Student Union and later re-ceived her master’s degree from the University of California at Berkeley. Her ensuing career in politics further dem-onstrates her resiliency and determination: she rose through Congressman Ron Dellums’ con-gressional office over the course of 11 years, beginning as an intern and eventually earning the title of Chief of Staff. Similarly, she was elected a California State Assembly member in 1990, a California State Senator in 1996, and a Congresswoman for California in 1998. During her time as a state representative and the 20 years she has served as a Mem-ber of Congress, she has made it a priority to represent some of the most underserved Americans by fighting for justice, equality, and peace. Through that desire, she helped found the Out of Poverty Caucus and the Congres-sional HIV/AIDS Caucus. She also began serving as chair of the Democratic Whip Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality and Op-portunity in 2013. Furthermore, she has consistently been a leader in opposing our involvement in endless war, even when it was not politically popular to do so. She was the only member of the House to vote against the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force, which demonstrated her fore-sight on the open-ended authorization. To rec-ognize her work on these issues, she was nominated, as part of a group of 1000 women around the world, for the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 to recognize her dedication to peace and human welfare. Please join me in recognizing Congress-woman L
EE’s successful and distinguished ca-reer and her roots in El Paso, Texas. HONORING MONROE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL IN HINSDALE, ILLINOIS HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Monroe Elementary School in Hinsdale, Illinois for earning the prestigious Green Ribbon Award from the United States Department of Education. The Department of Education awards the Green Ribbon to schools that reduce their environmental im-pact, improve the health and wellness of their students, and provide effective environmental and sustainability education. I am proud to represent many of the students at this award winning school; Monroe Elementary has earned due credit for a job well done. Monroe Elementary provides a unique envi-ronmental education program through their ‘‘Living Classroom’’—a set of gardens that stretch across approximately .85 acres of the school’s property including a butterfly garden, a prairie, a pond, and their ‘‘George Wash-ington Vegetable Garden.’’ In the Living Class-room, students get the opportunity outside the classroom to explore nature and learn about plants and animals. Monroe also sponsors a student ‘‘Green Club,’’ which monitors lunch waste and leads the school’s recycling and upcycling programs. I commend the Green Club for their environ-mental stewardship. Their work highlights how engaged the school body is in protecting the environment. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Monroe Elementary School for earning the U.S. Department of Education Green Rib-bon, and for their tireless work protecting the environment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing the votes held the night of June 7, 2018, and votes held on June 8, 2018, I was ines-capably detained and away handling important matters related to my District and the State of Alabama. Had I been present, I would have voted NO on H.R. 3. Regarding amendments to H.R. 5895, I would have voted YES on the Tsongas Amendment; YES on the Beyer Amendment; NO on the Gosar (No. 24) Amendment; YES on the Lee Amendment; YES on the Connolly Amendment; NO on the Gosar (No. 29) Amendment; YES on the Lowenthal Amendment; NO on the Blackburn Amendment; No on the Norman Amendment; NO on the Gohmert Amendment; NO on the Meadows Amendment; and YES on the Takano Amendment. I would have voted YES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.001 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE804 June 8, 2018 
on the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 5895, and NO on Final Passage of H.R. 5895. 
f 
SUPPORTING INTEGRATION OF FEDERALLY QUALIFIED HEALTH CENTERS IN THE VA MISSION ACT OF 2018 
HON. DARRELL E. ISSA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to high-light two important pieces of legislation that address the care of our nation’s veterans. Ear-lier this week, President Donald Trump signed the bipartisan VA Maintaining Internal Systems and Strengthening Integrated Outside Net-works, or VA MISSION Act, into law, enacting key reforms at the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. This bill will help us fulfill our nation’s promise to veterans by increasing access to quality, timely care and benefits, while increas-ing accountability and transparency at the agency. Today, the House passed an appropriations package that funds the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for Fiscal Year 2019, including the new VA MISSION Act. Specifically, I would like to highlight a provision included in the bill that ensures the newly created Center for In-novation for Care and Payment has the re-sources it needs to improve quality and ac-cess to care for our vets, while finding cost savings at the VA by cutting through bureau-cratic red tape and establishing common- sense partnerships with sister agencies in the federal government. One such partnership I hope the Center will consider exploring is the opportunity for VA Medical Centers to integrate care with Federal Qualified Health Centers, or FQHCs. Many veterans, especially those who live in rural communities, face challenges accessing care through the traditional VA system, and partnering with FQHCs that already provide quality care in local communities could be the most effective alternative for veterans facing transportation, mobility, or additional concerns with traveling to the nearest VA hospital. With over 10,000 FQHC service sites lo-cated across the U.S., a pilot program exam-ining the opportunity for FQHCs to work with VA Medical Centers could demonstrate the vi-ability of this program on a larger scale. Under the VA MISSION Act, FQHCs are already des-ignated as eligible providers, just as they have been under current law for years. The Innova-tion Center has the authority to conduct pilot programs studying the best way to connect veterans to the high-quality care they deserve, and measuring the impact of a potential VA– FQHC partnership will generate the critical data necessary to determine how to achieve the missions of Veterans’ Choice while cutting costs at the VA. RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE Y–12 NATIONAL SECURITY COMPLEX HON. CHARLES J. ‘‘CHUCK’’ FLEISCHMANN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of the Y–12 National Security Complex in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. Construction of the Y–12 plant in 1943 was a vital step in winning World War II, and 75 years later, Y–12 and the NNSA still play an essential role in protecting our nation. Today, Y–12 not only helps to maintain the nation’s nuclear deterrent, but provides fuel stock for the United States nu-clear navy, retrieves and stores vulnerable nu-clear material from around the world, and sup-ports other essential government missions. The Y–12 National Security Complex is an integral part of the fabric of its community and of the greater East Tennessee region. It is a powerful economic driver, with more than 6,000 full-time contractors, subcontractors, and federal employees working at the site. In addition to being a key component of the re-gion’s economy, Y–12 gives back to the Oak Ridge community, providing more than $400,000 annually to area nonprofits and edu-cational institutions. On Y–12’s 75th anniversary, we reflect not only on its great history, but look to its bright future. The Uranium Processing Facility, a $6.5 billion dollar project, will transform the site by replacing outdated, legacy facilities, and during construction, create thousands of jobs and have a positive economic impact on the region. Through collaborations with labor organizations, colleges, universities, and schools, the Y–12’s lead contractor, Consoli-dated Nuclear Security, encourages students to consider careers in trades and crafts, as well as engineering and other technical fields. Seventy five years ago, the men and women of the Y–12 plant worked tirelessly to protect our national interests and help us win World War II, and generations on they con-tinue to serve their nation and their commu-nity. The 75th anniversary of the Y–12 Na-tional Security Complex is an occasion to re-flect on this proud history and celebrate the people of the complex for their contributions. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER AND AC-COMPLISHMENTS OF PRINCIPAL JAMES P. ANTOS 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career and accomplishments of Principal James P. Antos of Brother Rice High School in Chicago. As he prepares to retire, we cannot help but admire his service and hope that his example and distinguished ten-ure are emulated in the future. Jim, a local Chicagoan, has been nurturing young minds for 44 years. After deciding in his junior year of high school to become a teach-er, Jim earned a B.A. in Psychology and an M.A. in General Experimental Psychology from Illinois State University. He then began his ca-reer in education in 1974 as a psychology and history teacher. From there, he quickly ex-panded his duties and involved himself in stu-dent activities and recruitment, going above and beyond his core responsibilities. In 1979, Jim found his way to Brother Rice High School, where, in addition to his teaching role, he would serve as the baseball coach, Dean of Faculty, Dean of Students, and eventually Principal. His students and peers have fre-quently praised him, describing him as a fa-ther figure, lauding his calm and consistent leadership, and applauding his honest, caring, and compassionate demeanor. As one student recalled, Jim never forgot a name, not just in his own class, but in the entire school. This outstanding public servant has devoted his life to his students, both in the classroom and on the field. In addition to cultivating the future of Amer-ica, Jim has also stood in defense of it. He served in the U.S. Army while engaged in Vietnam where he was stationed outside of Qui Nhon at Camp Granite. Jim has not only taught history but has been a part of it—pro-viding the students of Brother Rice with a unique perspective to our nation’s story. He has also provided them with wisdom, knowl-edge, and direction, while helping to guide countless students through high school. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Principal James P. Antos and his accomplish-ments. I congratulate him on his retirement and thank him for his decades of service at Brother Rice High School. f 
RECOGNIZING THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AT THE PORT ANGELES MARITIME FES-TIVAL 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the men and women who are serv-ing in the United States Coast Guard on the Olympic Peninsula. In my travels across our region, I often have the privilege of crossing paths with these out-standing professionals. For example, I recently attended a cere-mony recognizing Petty Officer Jacob Hylkema, who received the Coast Guard Medal for his actions during a storm last sum-mer in which he risked his life to save a fisher-man who had fallen overboard. His entire unit received a citation for their actions that day. Together, they rescued 9 people in a 20-hour period. Mr. Speaker, the good work isn’t just limited to one unit. Recently, the crew of the Active based in my hometown, Port Angeles, Wash-ington, seized more than $78 million in illegal drugs during a patrol near the coast of Central America. According to a report in The Penin-sula Daily News, the crew seized more than three tons of illegal drugs and arrested mul-tiple people suspected of smuggling drugs into the United States. This kind of work makes the news, but every day the Coast Guard in our region keeps us safe and keeps our economy mov-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08JN8.003 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE805 June 8, 2018 
Just as importantly as coming to the rescue of folks in distress, the U.S. Coast Guard Mar-itime Force Protection Unit Bangor quietly pro-tects the Navy vessels homeported in our re-gion as they make the first and final stretches of their missions. I’m looking forward to wel-coming members of the unit to Port Angeles when their new facilities are complete. Mr. Speaker, this weekend our grateful com-munity will recognize the Active’s crew and Maritime Force Protection Unit Bangor at the 2018 Port Angeles Maritime Festival. They deserve every bit of recognition. The men and women serving our region in the Coast Guard work selflessly around the clock to protect our fishermen, the environment and our region’s security. Please join me in honoring them today. 
f 
HONORING RYAN GRAHAM, COM-MANDER OF THE QUEENS COUN-TY COUNCIL VFW 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Ryan Scott Graham as the commander of the Queens County Council of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States. Ryan graduated from John Adams High School in Ozone Park, New York in 2001. He then enlisted in the United States Air Force, where he served from 2002 to 2008. While in the Air Force, Ryan was deployed to Baghdad in support of Operation Iraqi Free-dom. His honorable service included working as a stock control technician at Hurlburt Field to provide support for 257 special operations forces, and as a computer systems analyst at Langley Air Force Base to provide support for 136 combat air force units across the globe. For the last four years, Ryan has tirelessly ad-vocated on behalf of the veterans of Queens County as commander of the Queens County Council VFW. During his time as commander, he diligently worked with local, state, and federal govern-ment officials to promote legislation benefiting veterans and improving VA services. Ryan is committed to helping his fellow veterans and will continue in his role as a legislative advo-cate for the VFW and the veterans of Queens County. Ryan is extremely well-respected in the Queens County community and is very atten-tive to the needs of his local veterans, pro-viding them with the resources and support they need. When WWII veteran Leonard Mil-ler’s flagpole was destroyed twice by two major storms, Ryan and the Queens County Council VFW came to his aid and replaced the flagpole allowing Mr. Miller to again proudly display the American flag. For his service to the veterans of Queens County and to our country, I ask all of my col-leagues in the House of Representatives to join me in honoring Mr. Ryan Graham. REMEMBERING JOHN WESLEY WARDROP HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member a great Alabamian who tragically died the morning of Thursday, May 31 in a single- car crash near Atmore, Alabama. At 10 a.m., an Alabama Army National Guard Humvee was involved in an automobile accident on I–65 that killed one soldier and in-jured the other. John Wesley Wardrop, 38, of Satsuma was killed when his 2009 military Humvee left the roadway and overturned. Wardrop had devoted much of his life to serving our state and nation. He was a squad leader for the Alabama National Guard’s 1165th Military Police Company out of Fairhope. At the time of the crash, he was on a mission preparing for his unit’s annual train-ing. Wardrop was a staff sergeant for the Na-tional Guard. He served our country in the military for over twenty years and completed four tours of duty overseas. Family members say that Wardrop was a man of steadfast faith. The night before his passing, he visited Living Hope Church in Saraland and made a donation to support the children’s bible school program. He embodied what it means to be a servant leader. Sergeant Wardrop left this worldly place helping others. That legacy of service and sacrifice is how he should always be remem-bered. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District, I want to share our deepest condo-lences with his wife, Terri, and their two chil-dren, Madi and Logan. I hope you can take comfort in knowing that Sergeant Wardrop will forever be remembered for his service and sacrifice to our community, state, and nation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF SHILOH MANOR 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Shiloh Manor, a senior housing complex located in the South Side neighborhood of Easton, Penn-sylvania. The vision of Shiloh Manor began in the mind of the late Pastor Fred Davis of the Shiloh Baptist Church. In 1987, while attend-ing a world conference in Japan, Pastor Davis met a former associate and a Philadelphia re-altor who specialized in building complexes for senior citizens. With their renewed fellowship, Pastor Davis and Mr. Hatton developed a strategy to apply for a HUD sponsored loan to build a senior citizen’s home. On their third application attempt in 1992, the application was approved for $3.7 million dollars. Since the completion of Shiloh Manor in July 1993, the Greater Shiloh Church congregation, now led by Senior Pastor Phillip Davis, as well as the Board of Directors and the larger commu-nity rejoice in the Manor’s 58 units, which pro-vide affordable housing for senior citizens of diverse backgrounds. The story of Shiloh Manor exemplifies how a group of inspired individuals can create meaningful change in their community. I com-mend the late Pastor Davis and those who carry on his vision for a strong, inclusive com-munity. I wish them well as they celebrate this milestone anniversary through fellowship and worship. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 80TH BIRTHDAY OF ELIZABETH ROSE O’HANDLEY 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Elizabeth O’Handley, a resident of Rockland, Massachusetts, who today cele-brates her 80th birthday. Elizabeth, more affectionately known as Betty or Betty O’, was born on June 19, 1938 to Daniel and Rose MacDonald. She is the oldest of three sisters, mother to nine children, grandmother to 42, biological and through love, and great-grandmother to 10. In her 40s, Betty made the decision to re-turn to school to pursue her degree. She worked a full-time job and a part-time job and attended nursing school full-time while raising the 7 of her children who were still at home. There were many nights when she could be found at Dunkin’ Donuts doing homework or studying because it was quieter than at home. She currently works at the Brockton VA Hospital, where she has worked for over 35 years in the spinal cord injury unit. She was the recipient of the Pierik Award in recognition of her outstanding nursing skills. Betty has been a devoted parishioner of Holy Family Church in Rockland since 1970 where all of her children were confirmed . She has lived her life as a woman of great faith who shared this by providing religious edu-cation to children through teaching CCD for many years. She has shown that being trust-worthy, generous, and making everyone feel included are traits to be emulated. The words ‘‘great’’ and ‘‘exceptional’’ do not even begin to describe the truly amazing people like Betty. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Betty O’Handley on this joyous occasion of her 80th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her continued health and happiness. 
f 
HONORING REPRESENTATIVE LESTER WOLFF 
HON. THOMAS R. SUOZZI 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the illustrious public service career of former member of this body—Congressman Lester Wolff—who will soon be celebrating his 100th birthday. In recognition of his monumental contribu-tions to the preservation and protection of our environment, especially on Long Island’s beautiful North Shore, I am proposing the re-naming of the Oyster Bay National Wildlife 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08JN8.007 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE806 June 8, 2018 
Refuge to the Congressman Lester Wolff Na-tional Wildlife Refuge. These precious wetlands, at Congressman Lester Wolff’s urging, were protected in 1968. In 1967, the New York State Legislature—at the insistence of then Governor Nelson Rockefeller and master planner Robert Moses—authorized a bridge across the Long Island Sound. Lester immediately saw that this bridge would despoil the pristine and precious re-source of the Long Island Sound and soon found himself at the center of an enormous political fight. Lester eventually won this fight and the Oyster Bay Wildlife Refuge was born. Lester’s efforts in 1968 are an important part of our na-tion’s environmental history. I urge my colleagues to support the renam-ing to the Lester Wolff National Wildlife Ref-uge and I wish Lester a happy 100th year and many more. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EARL HAFNER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Earl Hafner. He was honored by Practical Farmers of Iowa with the 2018 Sustainable Agriculture Achievement Award at their annual conference in January. This award is granted annually to someone who has shown dedication to sustainable agri-culture, helped by sharing their knowledge and work toward making communities, farms, and food healthy and diverse. Earl farms with his son at Early Morning Harvest and Hafner, Inc. It is a 2000 acre diversified farm that includes certified organic row crops and grass-fed cat-tle and hogs. They also raise tilapia in an aquaponics greenhouse. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Earl Hafner for this award and for working dili-gently in the Third Congressional district to make his community a better place to live and work. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress and I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating Earl and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MICHAEL LANGBERG 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the prestigious career of Dr. Michael Langberg who retired from Cedars Sinai Hospital on May 1, 2018 after 37 years of service. Dr. Langberg, Senior Vice Presi-dent and Chief Clinical Officer at Cedars Sinai Hospital, was also a permanent member of the California Department of Public Health’s health care-associated infection advisory com-mittee. He leaves behind a legacy of better quality care, improved health policy, and col-laboration with hospitals around the country to ensure patient safety, particularly for those of limited means or with complex medical needs. Dr. Langberg has always been a strong ad-vocate of quality care and making it available for poorer communities. He is a highly re-spected national leader on patient safety and health care quality, who led the work at the American Hospital Association to review new care policy, identify potential unintended con-sequences, and convey those issues to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). His work also laid the foundation for the provision in the bipartisan 21st Century Cures Act that directed CMS to include an ad-justment to the Hospital Readmissions Reduc-tion Program to recognize the impact of sociodemographic factors on readmission rates. In addition to Dr. Langberg’s many suc-cesses, he has been an advocate for sharing both successes and failures in order to dis-seminate best practices and advance improve-ments in quality and safety, which has helped many hospitals across the nation learn how to keep patients safe and improve quality in care. Dr. Langberg has been an invited speaker at the Health Management Academy, the Na-tional Patient Safety Congress, and the Insti-tute for Healthcare Improvement, and has tes-tified before the California State Senate on physician quality performance in order to help legislators craft better public policy that sup-ports improvement in health and health care. For these reasons, I am delighted to recog-nize Dr. Michael Langberg and offer thanks for his selfless commitment to his community. f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF LIEU-TENANT GENERAL KENNETH E. TOVO 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary career of Lieuten-ant General Kenneth E. Tovo, the retiring Commanding General of the United States Army Special Operations Command located at Fort Bragg in North Carolina’s Eighth Con-gressional District. Raised in Saint James, New York, LTG Tovo began his military career while attending the United States Military Academy at West Point. After graduation, he was stationed at Fort Bragg as a Rifle Platoon Leader in the 82d Airborne Division. Serving in combat all over the world allowed LTG Tovo to gain in-valuable experience that helped shape his dis-tinguished career. Deployed on numerous operational assign-ments around the globe and through some of our nation’s toughest times, LTG Tovo always answered the call to serve our great nation. Some of his most notable engagements took place during his assignments with the 10th Special Forces Group. These deployments sent him to Iraq, Bosnia-Herzegovina and sev-eral countries in Europe supporting Operation Desert Storm, Joint Guard and Iraqi Freedom. Throughout these operations, he delivered on the promise to keep America safe and directly confront our enemies under the most difficult of conditions. While defending our nation overseas, LTG Tovo’s most important commitment remained to his family back home. He and his wife, Su-zanne, raised two wonderful children during LTG Tovo’s illustrious career. This country cannot repay the debt we owe to LTG Tovo and his family—the Tovos are true American heroes. I wish him well in what is sure to be an active retirement. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the career of Lieutenant General Kenneth E. Tovo. f 
RECOGNIZING THE RIBBON CUT-TING OF THE NEW SARAH MIL-DRED LONG BRIDGE 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, as Represent-ative for Maine’s 1st Congressional District, I rise to mark a historic occasion in my home state. Today is the official ribbon cutting of the newly built Sarah Mildred Long Bridge. This span is one of three critical connec-tions between Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and Kittery, Maine. Its predecessor, built in 1940, carried thousands of people between our states every day, bore a rail line used to refuel submarines at the Navy’s Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, and lifted to make way for marine traffic on the mighty Piscataqua River. Retired after 76 years, that structure did these jobs well. But the one dedicated today is designed to do them even better and last an incredible 125 years. It was built by the hard-working men and women of Maine company Cianbro Corp., with the oversight of the Maine Department of Transportation and its counter-parts at the New Hampshire Department of Transportation. It should be noted that a $25 million grant from the federal Transportation Infrastructure Generating Economic Recovery program helped bring the costs of this size-able project within reach. A time capsule bearing this statement, along with other mementos of 2018, will be buried with instructions to open in 125 years. Until then, may this bridge serve our communities well and bear current and future generations of travelers safely to their destinations. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ZACH STEWART 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Zach Stewart of Perry High School for winning the Class 3–A, 138-pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tournament. Zach had a 54–5 record for the season. Iowa has a long and proud history of strong wrestling programs, producing college and Olympic champions for years. Zach contrib-utes his success to years of hard work and commitment and for the support from his par-ents, family, coaches and fellow teammates. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Zach dem-onstrates the rewards of dedication and perse-verance. It is an honor representing Zach and his family in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.006 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE807 June 8, 2018 
today. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Zach on competing in this rigorous competition and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his education and his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SEAMAN 1ST CLASS EDWARD SLAPIKAS 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the life and legacy of Seaman 1st Class Edward Slapikas, who has finally come home to rest almost 80 years after his heroic passing. Seaman Slapikas was tragically killed in ac-tion at the age of 24 while serving aboard the USS Oklahoma. He was one of 429 crewmen who perished on December 7, 1941 during the attack on Pearl Harbor. Seaman Slapikas was interred in the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific, where his name was marked as ‘‘unidentified’’ on the Walls of the Missing. Now, 77 years later, Seaman Slapikas’ re-mains have been identified thanks to the com-bined efforts of the Defense Prisoner of War/ Missing in Action Accounting Agency (DPPA) and Seaman Slapikas’ surviving family mem-bers. Since 2015, the DPPA has provided clo-sure to over 120 families of fallen servicemen killed aboard the USS Oklahoma. The return of Seaman Slapikas marks a mo-mentous occasion, not only for the Slapikas family, but also for the community of Wanamie, Pennsylvania. The bravery of Sea-man Slapikas was commemorated through the establishment of the American Legion Post 971, named for Seaman Slapikas and Petty Officer Keith Jeffries, a fellow serviceman who perished aboard the USS Arizona during the same attack. Seaman Slapikas’ niece, Ms. Leona Hotko, plans to ensure that her ‘‘favor-ite uncle’’ is laid to rest near his childhood home in St. Mary’s Cemetery in Wanamie. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the heroic life of Seaman 1st Class Edward Slapikas, and posthumously thanking him for his service to our great nation. 
f 
HONORING PRESIDENT KEN WOLLACK OF THE NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTE 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and work of Ken-neth Wollack, President of the National Demo-cratic Institute (NDI), who is stepping down after a career in foreign affairs, journalism, and politics that has spanned 46 years. An Illinois native and graduate of Earlham College, Ken broke into national politics as a member of the national staff of the McGovern presidential campaign in 1972. From 1973 to 1980 he was legislative director of the Amer-ican Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC). He then became a co-editor of the Middle East Policy Survey, a Washington-based newsletter, and wrote regularly on foreign af-fairs for the Los Angeles Times. Ken joined NDI as executive vice president in 1986 and was elected president by the In-stitute’s board of directors in 1993. He has now led the Institute for more than two-thirds of its history, working on five continents to strengthen political and civic organizations, safeguard elections, promote citizen participa-tion, and champion openness and account-ability in government. Through his years of service, Ken has testi-fied before numerous congressional commit-tees and has appeared on national television and radio as a trusted authority on world af-fairs. He has served on various task forces sponsored by the United States Institute of Peace, the Council on Foreign Relations, the Brookings Institution, the Bipartisan Policy Center, the Center for U.S. Global Engage-ment, and the Atlantic Council. He currently serves on USAID’s Advisory Committee on Voluntary Foreign Aid, sits on the Commission on Presidential Debates’ Board of Directors, and was chairman of the development pro-gram of the U.S. Committee for the United Na-tions. In a speech given at the 10th Anniversary of Georgetown University’s Masters Program in Democracy and Governance Ken reflected, ‘‘I confess to be an incurable optimist who for 32 years has worked in the optimism business.’’ His optimism and tireless dedication to pro-moting and protecting democracy, good gov-ernance, and human rights have earned re-spect and appreciation across the political spectrum in our country and abroad. I have been honored to work with Ken and the entire team at NDI in implementing this hopeful vision through the bipartisan work of the House Democracy Partnership (HDP). From the time HDP began its work in 2005, NDI and its partner organization within the Na-tional Endowment for Democracy, the Inter-national Republican Institute (IRI), have been indispensable partners in strengthening legis-lative institutions in twenty emerging or re-emerging democracies—ranging from Indo-nesia and Kenya to Ukraine, Georgia, Peru, Tunisia, and Sri Lanka. HDP has engaged member-to-member and staff-to-staff, while NDI and IRI have helped us organize work-shops and exchange visits and have carried out mentoring and consultation aimed at im-proved legislative practice day-to-day in our partner countries. This work simply could not have occurred without steadfast leadership from Ken. We have learned a great deal from him and have been strengthened and sustained by his un-failing support. I will forever be grateful to him. It is a pleasure, Mr. Speaker, to join with friends and colleagues in commending Ken for his remarkable career and for the commitment he has shown to our country’s highest ideals and purposes. In turn, he has enjoyed the steadfast support and love of his wife Leslie, his daughters Lauren and Alison, and his grandson, Cooper. We thank Ken Wollack for his exemplary service and wish him and his family well as he begins the next chapter in his life. TRIBUTE TO TODD PEVERILL HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Todd Peverill of Glenwood, Iowa for being selected by the Glenwood Area Chamber of Commerce as their Citizen of the Year. Todd received this award for his many years of coaching suc-cessful cross country and track teams at Glen-wood Community High School. Todd has coached track since 1992 and cross country since 1998. Through his coach-ing and leadership skills he has led the Glen-wood High School Rams to several team and individual championships and honors. Todd has been active in the Glenwood community by developing and maintaining cross country trails at Glenwood Lake Park and he has been an advocate for high school athletes and out-door exercise enthusiasts. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Todd in the United States Congress. It is with great pride that I recog-nize him for his selection as the Citizen of the Year by the Glenwood Area Chamber of Com-merce and for his commitment to his commu-nity and school. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Todd on receiving this award and in wishing him nothing but con-tinued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CEN-TENARY OF THE REPUBLIC OF AZERBAIJAN 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 100th anniversary of the Republic Day of Azerbaijan, and to con-vey my congratulations to the Republic of Azerbaijan and to all Azerbaijanis. On May 28, 1918, the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan was founded, becoming the first Muslim democratic state and gaining their independence from the Russian Empire for the first time. While that independence was initially short-lived, taken away when Russia invaded in 1920, Azerbaijan again became an inde-pendent nation on October 18, 1991, and has since been an increasingly important ally for the U.S. in the South Caucasus. Like the city I represent, Houston, Azer-baijan’s impressive economic growth has been driven by the oil and gas industry and shaped by adapting to the evolution of that industry. A number of American and international energy companies thrive in Azerbaijan and the Cas-pian Sea. Azerbaijan’s rapid development of its energy infrastructure and expertise has helped it play a crucial role in protecting Euro-pean energy security and U.S. geopolitical in-terests by ensuring a stable and sufficient flow of energy to Europe. As a secular Muslim country, Azerbaijan was a pioneer in extending equal political rights to women, becoming the first Muslim country to give women the right to vote in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.011 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE808 June 8, 2018 
1918. After 9/11, Azerbaijan was and con-tinues to be an important counterterrorism partner for the United States, participating in coalitions combating international terrorism and sending its own troops to support U.S.-led military efforts in Afghanistan, Kosovo, and Iraq. Azerbaijan is an important actor for the ad-vancement of global security and diplomatic engagement on the world stage. It holds ob-server status in the World Trade Organization, was a non-permanent member of the United Nations Security Council from 2012 to 2013, and is a member of the NATO Partnership for Peace Program and the OSCE. I congratulate the people of Azerbaijan on their centennial celebration, and wish them many centuries more of prosperity and suc-cess. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TEKISHA LEE FOR BEING NAMED A WOMAN OF ACHIEVEMENT BY THE KAPPA FOUNDATION 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Tekisha Lee and her acknowledge-ment as Ypsilanti’s Woman of Achievement by the Kappa Foundation. Ms. Lee founded DiverseNote, a career management social net-work for professionals within an all-inclusive community of professionals. The Ann Arbor-Ypsilanti-Inkster Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity was es-tablished on December 6, 1958. The organiza-tion was founded in order to foster relation-ships between Michigan Kappa Alpha Psis, provide leadership to current students at Michigan universities and mentor youth in sub-urban Detroit. Since its founding, group mem-bers have come together to serve the local community in a variety of ways including golf tournaments, college fairs, pancake break-fasts, Meals on Wheels programs and robust scholarship programming. In addition to their myriad civic endeavors, the fraternity’s Kappa Foundation honors female leaders in south-east Michigan annually at their ‘‘Women On Achievement’’ event. This year’s honorees in-clude Tekisha Lee, a well-respected leader and businesswoman in our community. A graduate of Howard University, Ms. Tekisha Lee has turned her lifelong passion for educating and mentoring the next genera-tion of leaders into a successful career. She is the Founder and CEO of DiverseNote, a ca-reer recruitment and retention platform that connects candidates with organizations, re-cruiters, Fortune 500 companies, colleges, universities and alumni associations seeking top talent across the United States. Ms. Lee was also selected as a U.S. Department of State Delegate to the Maghreb region of Africa to advise on job creation and economic devel-opment and serves in leadership positions on various non-profit boards including Jobs for Michigan Graduates, the state’s top workforce development organization. Ms. Lee has de-voted her life to helping others succeed, and she is truly deserving of the Kappa Founda-tion’s recognition. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Tekisha Lee for being named one of The Kappa Foundation’s Women of Achievement. She has distinguished herself with her entrepreneurship and service to the state. f 
HONORING ETHEL HEDGEMAN LYLE 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I, Congresswoman F
REDERICA S. W ILSON , from the 24th district of the great state of Florida, along with my colleagues and Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority sisters Congresswomen A
LMA S. A
DAMS , SHEILA JACKSON LEE, EDDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON , TERRI A. S EWELL , and B ONNIE  W
ATSON COLEMAN , rise today to acknowledge and honor the 110th anniversary of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, and the contributions of its founder, Ethel Hedgeman Lyle. Ethel Hedgeman Lyle was a visionary ahead of her time, an advocate for women’s rights, and a dedicated community servant. We stand to bring witness that Ethel Hedgeman Lyle deserves to be commemo-rated by a U.S. postage stamp in support of her many achievements. Mr. Speaker, we are especially honored to be joined by our international president Dr. Dorothy Buckhanan Wilson of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, to validate our efforts. She has been on this mission for a long time. It is a journey she hopes to see to fruition. Mr. Speaker, we are beaming with pride and overflowing with excitement because we are on the verge of making history by bestowing an honor that is about 110 years overdue. Mr. Speaker in recognition of her great achievements, Ethel Hedgeman Lyle deserves to be commemorated with a United States postage stamp. Mr. Speaker, Ethel Hedgeman Lyle founded Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority in 1908 on a cold January day on the campus of Howard Univer-sity during a time when Jim Crow laws seg-regated African-American women and pre-vented us from joining established Greek or-ganizations. Undeterred by the obstacles of race and gender, she created a legacy of sis-terhood that continues to inspire millions of women to devote their lives to community service and activism. She deserves a stamp. Mr. Speaker, Soror Ethel Hedgeman Lyle cut through the bitter cold of that winter day like a ray of hope, a guiding light, if you will. And, today we have an opportunity to propel the initiative to further immortalize her impec-cable character and extraordinary achieve-ments through her commemoration on a U.S. postage stamp. Mr. Speaker, today, Alpha Kappa Alpha So-rority, Incorporated, is an international service organization with more than 300,000 members in more than 1,000 graduate and under-graduate chapters across the globe. The so-rority is headquartered in Chicago and over-sees the operations of two charitable founda-tions. Alpha Kappa Alpha, Incorporated, has inspired millions of women to dedicate their lives to realize its motto, ‘‘Service to All man-kind.’’ These accomplishments were made possible by Ethel Hedgeman Lyle’s vision to combine scholastic merit, personal achieve-ment, and the rich historic African-American culture to create a women’s collegiate-service based organization that has lasted 110 years. She deserves a stamp. Mr. Speaker, as members of Congress and Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, we are humbled to be able to support this effort. Thousands of our members across the globe have signed letters in support of the initiative She Deserves a Stamp. Just making that statement puts me in awe of how incredible Soror Ethel Hedgeman Lyle and her classmates really were. You see, when they agreed to come to-gether to make history by doing what had never been done before, African Americans and women didn’t have the right to vote. African Americans couldn’t even share a lunch counter or schools with whites in 1908. But, today, 49 African Americans are serv-ing in Congress . . . and seven of them are members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, In-corporated. Mr. Speaker, I think Soror Ethel Hedgeman Lyle knew that one day African Americans and women would be able to vote. She knew that one day African Americans would serve in Congress. And, I strongly believe she knew that if given the opportunity, African-American women would become the most educated de-mographic in America. She knew this at a time when most women were denied an education. She deserves a stamp. She is a ‘‘Guiding Light.’’ She still shines on the path others didn’t know existed. Her work has lighted a path for many social and academic organizations that tear down the walls of racial and gender inequality. Her work has lighted the path for millions of women to attend college. Her work has shone brightly to highlight how living a life that is dedicated to ‘‘Service to All Mankind’’ can change the world in ways we never thought possible. She deserves a stamp. Mr. Speaker, now, she needs our support. We have to be a part of this movement. This is our chance to give back to someone who has given the world so much, and continues to give through her legacy. To paraphrase an Af-rican proverb, ‘‘We are, because she was.’’ And, if anyone has ever deserved to be on a stamp, it is the prestigious, wonderful, vision-ary Ethel Hedgeman Lyle, the founder of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, the first African American Greek Letter Sorority. She deserves a stamp. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KYLE BISCOGLIA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kyle Biscoglia of Waukee High School for winning the Class 3A, 120-pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tournament. This is Kyle’s third straight championship. Iowa has a long and proud history of strong wrestling programs, producing college and Olympic champions for years. Kyle contributes his success to years of hard work and commit-ment and the support of his parents, family, coaches and fellow teammates. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.015 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE809 June 8, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Kyle dem-onstrates the rewards of dedication and perse-verance. It is an honor representing Kyle and his family in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Kyle on competing in this rigorous competition and in wishing him noth-ing but continued success in his education and in his future college education at the Uni-versity of Northern Iowa. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING IN OUR BACKYARD AND IN OUR CONVEN-IENCE STORES 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, May 29th marked the 3-year anniversary of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (JVTA). This leg-islation officially declared that modern-day slavery will not be tolerated in our country. Since its passage the United States has seen enormous efforts to find and protect victims of this scourge on society. While JVTA took an important step forward in the fight against human trafficking, much more must be done. The International Labor Organization esti-mates that there are still hundreds of thou-sands of victims of human trafficking in Amer-ica. One challenge we face in this fight is the difficulty associated with finding and commu-nicating with victims. Since 2006, the nonprofit organization ‘In Our Backyard’ has been advocating and fight-ing against the horrors of human trafficking. Recently, this group has created a program known as CSAT—Convenience Stores Against Trafficking. Not only does this program train clerks to spot signs of human trafficking in victims, it also utilizes the convenience and isolation of the convenience store bathrooms as a way to reach victims. Convenience stores can be found on almost every corner, and they see hundreds of customers each day—making them an easy place for traffickers to bring their victims without the fear of being found out. Now, In Our Backyard is attempting to turn the tables on these criminals and transform convenience stores into places where victims can come across both highly trained staff members and information on hotlines and websites where they can get help. With over 11,000 convenience store locations in 29 states—including my home state of Texas— this organization has been able to help victims all over the country. The fight against human trafficking is not over. We must recognize and appreciate the volunteers and organizations such as In Our Backyard that have taken up this fight as well. Together, we will succeed in making trafficking a thing of the past. And that’s just the way it is. RECOGNIZING JOHN AND BENJEAN RAPP HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John and Benjean Rapp of Summersville, West Virginia. Mr. and Mrs. Rapp are cornerstones in their commu-nity, who have dedicated their lives to bettering our nation, and improving West Vir-ginia. John Rapp served our country in the United States Air Force and returned home to the Mountain State to serve as a West Virginia State Trooper for over 20 years. Outside his time in uniform, John also served as county commissioner for Mercer county from 1990 to 1996. While a county commissioner he prioritized growing the economy and infra-structure development. Benjean Rapp has been an active member of her church and serves as a local leader through multiple civic groups. Benjean has played an integral part in work-ing to restore the historic Old Main High School in Summersville. Together, they have made a tremendous team and have had a positive impact in their community and the Mountain State. I would like to thank them for their service and dedication to not just their communities but to our nation. I wish them all the best as they continue to work to better our world. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MARY HALL- THIAM FOR BEING NAMED A WOMAN OF ACHIEVEMENT BY THE KAPPA FOUNDATION 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Mary Hall-Thiam for being named a Woman of Achievement by the Kappa Foundation. Dr. Hall-Thiam has distin-guished herself through her civic activism and her public service. The Ann Arbor-Ypsilanti-Inkster Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity was es-tablished on December 6, 1958. The organiza-tion was founded in order to foster relation-ships between Michigan Kappa Alpha Psis, provide leadership to current students at Michigan universities and mentor youth in sub-urban Detroit. Since its founding, group mem-bers have come together to serve the local community in a variety of ways including golf tournaments, college fairs, pancake break-fasts, Meals on Wheels programs and robust scholarship programming. In addition to their myriad civic endeavors, the fraternity honors female leaders in southeast Michigan annually at their ‘‘Women of Achievement’’ event. This year’s honorees include Mary Hall-Thiam, a longtime public servant and educational cham-pion. After receiving her Educational Doctorate in Guidance and Counseling from the University of Michigan, Dr. Hall-Thiam began a distin-guished tenure of service in the public sector of the State of Michigan. She has served in various positions including the Acting Director of the Office of Equal Opportunity and Diver-sity Programs at the Michigan Department of Human Services as well as co-Project Man-ager of the 2008 Poverty Summit put on by the state. She is known for her dedication to her work and local community and seeks to give back as often as possible. She currently serves as the President of Pearls and Ivy Foundation of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. and as the Chairperson of a branch of the NAACP. Dr. Hall-Thiam is well-known in southeast Michigan for her engagement and activism, and we are grateful for her lifetime of service to our state. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mary Hall-Thiam for being named one of The Kappa Foundation’s Women of Achievement. Her leadership has opened doors for all residents of our state and will continue to better public institutions for years to come. f 
A BAD YEAR FOR HUMAN RIGHTS IN VIETNAM 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we held a hearing on human rights in Vietnam. It has been a very bad year in Vietnam for human rights. Since the beginning of 2018 alone, the Vietnamese government has handed out sentences totaling over 100 years in prison and house arrest to human rights defenders and democracy advocates. In the past year alone, 22 bloggers have been jailed as well as six members of the Brotherhood for Democracy. An outrageous 15-year sentence was given to Nguyen Van Dai, whose wife Vu Minh Khanh testified be-fore this committee in 2016. Nguyen Van Dai should be released uncon-ditionally and immediately. I know he is coura-geous and he wants to remain in his own country seeking rights and reform. However, if he desires to leave Vietnam, he should be al-lowed to leave with his wife immediately. Viet-nam’s loss will be the world’s gain. The Vietnamese government has gotten a free pass on human rights for too long. There are currently 169 political and reli-gious prisoners in Vietnam, including bloggers, labor and democracy advocates, and religious leaders. Freedom House rates Vietnam as ‘‘Not Free’’ and possessing of some of the world’s highest press and internet restrictions. The U.S. Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom again this year recommended that Vietnam be designated as a ‘‘Country of Particular Concern’’ for egregious religious freedom abuses. U.S. policy has failed the Vi-etnamese people. This is a bipartisan criti-cism. We have enriched Vietnam’s Communist leaders and coddled their interests at the ex-pense of the hopes and desires of the Viet-namese people of liberty and human rights. The Trump Administration has an oppor-tunity to bring about real reforms in Vietnam if tangible human rights improvements are linked to better U.S.-Vietnam relations. The U.S. has leverage to encourage re-form—Vietnam needs a strong U.S. partner-ship—particularly as China’s aggressiveness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.018 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE810 June 8, 2018 
increases. The questions is—will this leverage be used to help the people of Vietnam or their Communist rulers? I have been to Vietnam. I have met with its rights advocates and young activists for dec-ades now. The younger generation in Viet-nam—66 percent of Vietnam is under the age of 40—looks to the U.S. as a land of oppor-tunity and freedom. This generation wants the same liberties en-joyed by their relatives in California, Texas, Virginia, Louisiana and so many other places where former Vietnamese refugees have flour-ished. They want to speak freely, blog freely, wor-ship freely, and be free to choose and change their leaders. Failing to press for concrete human rights improvements underestimates U.S. leverage and will disappoint the young generation in Vietnam who are that country’s dynamic fu-ture. The President will face pressure from his advisors and the business community to look at Vietnam through the lens of trade deals and the containment of China. Hopefully, he will be able to see the situation more clearly than past Administrations. I know there is great interest in the Pen-tagon about a partnership with Vietnam to op-pose China’s aggressive South China Sea pol-icy. The U.S. has an interest in free and open sea lanes. But no government that represses its own people or restricts fundamental freedoms can be a trusted ally of the United States. No gov-ernment that censors the Internet, tortures and jails dissidents, and crushes civil society should be given generous trade or security benefits without conditions. Robust championing of individual rights will meet with some success—if recent history is our guide. The Vietnamese government has responded to concerns expressed by the last two Admin-istrations when they linked human rights im-provements to better U.S.-Vietnam relations. Whether to gain entry into the World Trade Organization (WTO), the TransPacific Partner-ship (TPP) or to address U.S. concerns over religious freedom abuses, the Vietnamese government took steps toward reform when pressed by past American Presidents. It is when the U.S. loses interest in human rights that conditions regress—as it has in the past year. The business of the Communist Party is staying in power and repressing those they believe will challenge their power. They will not embrace human rights improvements or the rule of law unless it is a firm condition of better relations with the U.S. Putting human rights and the rule of law at the center of bilateral relations is the goal of H.R. 5621—the Vietnam Human Rights Act— bipartisan legislation that was introduced last month. The bill emphasizes the connection between human rights improvements and U.S. interests and states that U.S. policy should prioritize the freedom of religion, freedom of the press, Internet Freedom, independent labor unions, the protection of women and girls from traf-ficking, and advances in the rule of law as crit-ical components of both U.S.-Vietnam rela-tions and any U.S.-led effort to ensure a free and open Indo-Pacific region. Similar bills passed three times in the House with overwhelming margins, only to stall in the Senate. U.S. policy must send the unmistakable message to the Government of Vietnam that human rights improvements are fundamental to better relations, critically linked to our mu-tual economic and security interests, and will not be ignored or bargained away. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN M CCONKEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate John McConkey of CAM High School for winning the Class 2A, 285 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tournament. John finished the season with a record of 57–1. Iowa has a long and proud history of strong wrestling programs, producing college and Olympic champions for years. John contrib-utes his success to years of hard work and commitment and for the support from his par-ents, family, coaches and fellow teammates. Mr. Speaker, the example set by John dem-onstrates the rewards of dedication and perse-verance. It is an honor representing John and his family in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating John on competing in this rigorous competition and in wishing him noth-ing but continued success in his education and in his future endeavors. 
f 
REFORMING OUR DISASTER RESPONSE SYSTEM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Hurricane Harvey hammered Houston last August, bring-ing with it a deluge of rain. In the nine months since then, Houston has begun to recover. Downtown Houston is full of students and workers of all ages, strolling the streets during their lunch break. However, there is still lots to be done. Only minutes north of downtown Houston, Minute Maid Park, and the Toyota Center is Kashmere Gardens, a neighborhood that 10,000 Houstonians have called home. Each street in this neighborhood has houses that are no longer habitable, with destroyed doors and gutted interiors. While the rest of Houston is flourishing, Kashmere Gardens is floundering. This is not due to the actions of any one agency, but rather the convoluted and bureaucratic dis-aster-response system that almost everyone agrees is failing to provide the necessary sup-port in the wake of these disasters. Federal recovery funding currently comes from 17 dif-ferent federal agencies, including HUD and DHS, which oversees FEMA. We must streamline the recovery process for the sake of those who are impacted by disasters. There are still Houstonians, including those in Kashmere Gardens, who are living in transi-tional housing because they are unable to navigate the government’s cumbersome dis-aster recovery efforts. When someone’s home is destroyed in a hurricane, wildfire, or vol-canic explosion, they should not have to spend months trying to discern their eligibility for federal disaster relief. They should be able to focus on rebuilding their home and their life. Another hurricane season is just beginning, and it is expected to again be a season with above-average activity. We must learn from past disasters to better respond to disasters that are still to come. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ESTAB-LISHMENT OF A GOLD STAR FAMILIES MEMORIAL MONU-MENT AT WASHINGTON CROSS-ING NATIONAL CEMETERY 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Washington Crossing National Cemetery as the first national veterans’ ceme-tery to accept from the Hershel ‘Woody’ Wil-liams Medal of Honor Foundation the gift of a beautiful Gold Star Families Memorial Monu-ment, which will be dedicated on Saturday June 9, 2018. Approximately 35 similar monu-ments have been dedicated across the coun-try, but this one is the very first in a national veterans’ cemetery. The Hershel ‘Woody’ Williams Foundation is a nonprofit organization that seeks to erect monuments for Gold Star families throughout the United States, and provides scholarships to children of fallen heroes. At the request of John C. Heenan, Project Chairman, I would like to honor the important and enthusiastic help provided by the Director of Washington Crossing National Cemetery, Gregory J. Whitney, and his team along with the official support group, The Guardians of the Washington Crossing National Cemetery, to bring this most noble project to fruition. Since opening in January 2010, more than 11,000 of our nation’s veterans have made this cemetery their final resting place. The Gold Star Families Memorial Monument is a tribute to Gold Star Families—to those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom and their loved ones who continue to honor their memory. We must never forget our fallen service members, who paid the ultimate sacrifice to uphold our liberties and cherished way of life. For the families of those departed, may this monument serve as a small token of our hum-ble gratitude for the heroism of their loved ones. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THEOLA JONES FOR BEING NAMED A WOMAN OF ACHIEVEMENT BY THE KAPPA FOUNDATION 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Theola Jones for being named a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.022 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE811 June 8, 2018 
Woman of Achievement by the Kappa Foun-dation. Mrs. Jones has impacted countless lives through her career at Wayne County General Hospital and work in the Inkster com-munity. The Ann Arbor-Ypsilanti-Inkster Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity was es-tablished on December 6, 1958. The organiza-tion was founded in order to foster relation-ships between Michigan Kappa Alpha Psis, provide leadership to current students at Michigan universities and mentor youth in sub-urban Detroit. Since its founding, group mem-bers have come together to serve the local community in a variety of ways including golf tournaments, college fairs, pancake break-fasts, Meals on Wheels programs and robust scholarship programming. In addition to their myriad civic endeavors, the fraternity’s Kappa Foundation honors female leaders in south-east Michigan annually at their ‘‘Women of Achievement’’ event. This year’s honorees in-clude Theola Jones, a beloved public servant in Inkster. Mrs. Jones distinguished herself throughout her 33-year career at Wayne County General Hospital, serving in numerous roles, including Ward supervisor and Worksite supervisor for students involved in Wayne County’s Score program. Additionally, Mrs. Jones was a reg-ular contributor to local newspapers and pub-lished the Caregiver’s Companion, a collection of prayers and reflections drawn from her ca-reer and work as a caregiver to her mother. Mrs. Jones has also been active in community organizations, chairing the first federally spon-sored food programs in Inkster, serving on the local YWCA Board of Directors, and remaining engaged in supporting many other local orga-nizations. As a result of her service to the city of Inkster and its residents, Mrs. Jones has re-ceived numerous awards, including a Lifetime Achievement Award and Key to the City of Inkster from city mayor Byron Nolen. She is well-known in the community for her engage-ment and activism and remains involved in civic life. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Theola Jones for being named one of The Kappa Foundation’s Women of Achievement. Mrs. Jones’ work and involve-ment in the Inkster community has been crit-ical to its growth and development. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF ARLENE BEVERLY HALLIGAN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Arlene Beverly Halligan, who passed away on April 1, 2018 at the age of 82, after a lifetime of public service to her community. Mrs. Halligan was born on March 30, 1936 in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, and later moved to San Francisco in the late 1950s, looking .to enjoy the single life in a big city. Not long after, she would meet and marry Jim Halligan, and settle in Marin County to raise their chil-dren Shea and Kelly. Known in and around Marin County as a prominent philanthropist, Mrs. Halligan’s most recent, treasured venture was the restoration of Mt. Tamalpias Railroad’s historic Gravity Car Barn and Depot, where she once held the position of Project Director for the Mount Tamalpias Association. Working on her pas-sion project to the very end, just weeks before her passing, Mrs. Halligan helped to secure the final steps to bring back to Marin County the No. 9 Heisler from where it has been lo-cated in Scotia, California. It was the only re-maining locomotive from the Mt. Tamalpias Scenic Railway. In addition to her extensive community serv-ice, Mrs. Halligan was well known around Marin and beyond for her famous Christmas Eve parties, which many residents looked for-ward to all year long. Mrs. Halligan could also be found playing a lively game of tennis, trav-eling around the world, passionately dis-cussing politics, or voraciously reading any-thing she could get her hands on. Mrs. Halligan is survived by her son Shea Halligan, daughter Kelly Halligan and son in- law Don LeBuhn, and her three grandchildren Samantha, Andrew, and Mackenzie LeBuhn. Mr. Speaker, the depth of Mrs. Halligan’s service to her community has left a positive legacy across Marin County and the entire Bay Area, and she will be profoundly missed. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to her today and honor her memory. f 
TRIBUTE TO GAVIN RODGERS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Gavin Rodgers of Glenwood, Iowa for being selected by the Glenwood Area Chamber of Commerce as their Junior Citizen of the Year. Gavin is a senior at Glenwood Community High School and has received numerous awards and hon-ors for his instrumental and vocal music tal-ents. Gavin is an accomplished drummer and singer and according to the Glenwood Opin-ion-Tribune, ‘‘Gavin provides drum lessons to younger students and is always willing to give his time at school and to his community. He is known for offering encouragement and in-spiration to fellow students and always going the extra mile for others.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Gavin in the United States Congress. It is with great pride that I recog-nize and applaud him for his selection as the Junior Citizen of the Year by the Glenwood Area Chamber of Commerce, and for his com-mitment to his community and school. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Gavin on receiving this award and in wishing him nothing but continued success in all his future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. FREDERICA S. WILSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following votes because I was very ill and remained in my congressional district in Miami to recuperate. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on Roll Call Vote No. 231; YES on Roll Call Vote No. 232; YES on Roll Call Vote No. 233; NO on Roll Call Vote No. 234; NO on Roll Call Vote No. 235; NO on Roll Call Vote No. 236; YES on Roll Call Vote No. 237; YES on Roll Call Vote No. 238; and YES on Roll Call Vote No. 239. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LOIS RICH-ARDSON FOR BEING NAMED A WOMAN OF ACHIEVEMENT BY THE KAPPA FOUNDATION 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lois Richardson for being named a Woman of Achievement by the Kappa Foun-dation. Mrs. Richardson has distinguished her-self through her civic activism and advocacy on behalf of the Ypsilanti community. The Ann Arbor-Ypsilanti-Inkster Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity was es-tablished on December 6, 1958. The organiza-tion was founded in order to foster relation-ships between Michigan Kappa Alpha Psis, provide leadership to current students at Michigan universities and mentor youth in sub-urban Detroit. Since its founding, group mem-bers have come together to serve the local community in a variety of ways including golf tournaments, college fairs, pancake break-fasts, Meals on Wheels programs and robust scholarship programming. In addition to their myriad civic endeavors, the fraternity honors female leaders in southeast Michigan annually at their ‘‘Women Of Achievement’’ event. This year’s honorees include Lois Richardson, a spiritual and beloved leader in Ypsilanti, Michi-gan. A lifelong resident of Ypsilanti, Mrs. Richard-son received a B.S. in Social Work from East-ern Michigan University in 1965 and has served the community in various capacities during her distinguished career. She is a li-censed and ordained minister, having grad-uated from Freedom Center Bible College in 1977, where she also served as an instructor. Mrs. Richardson has also compiled an out-standing record of public service through her time on the Ypsilanti City Council. She was first elected to the Council in 2000 and has been a strong advocate for strengthening the city’s public education system, as well as spearheading initiatives to address the needs of working families and children. Mrs. Richard-son’s selection as Ypsilanti Mayor Pro-Tem from 2008 through 2016 by her fellow Council members underscores the respect she has earned for her outstanding service on behalf of Ypsilanti and its residents. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Lois Richardson for being named one of The Kappa Foundation’s Women of Achievement. Mrs. Richardson has distinguished herself with her work as a public official and through her involvement in Ypsi-lanti civic life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.026 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE812 June 8, 2018 
HONORING MR. RAFAEL BARBOZA ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT AS A GUIDANCE COUNSELOR AT COACHELLA VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Mr. Rafael Barboza on his retirement after more than 30 years of service as a guid-ance counselor for the students of Coachella Valley High School. For more than 30 years, Mr. Barboza has spearheaded Coachella Valley High School’s efforts to make attending college a reality, leading college application workshops and connecting students with financial aid and scholarship opportunities. He has influenced countless students’ lives, and our entire com-munity is grateful for his dedication and com-mitment to the next generation of leaders. When I was a student at Coachella Valley High, my goal was to one day attend medical school and become a doctor. That dream often felt very far away, and at times, I won-dered whether it might just be a fantasy. If it wasn’t for the support and encouragement of my teachers and counselors, especially Mr. Barboza, I do not know whether I would have achieved my lifelong dream of becoming a physician. Mr. Barboza was my guidance counselor and mentor, as he has been for thousands of Coachella students over the years. Few peo-ple have had such a positive impact on my life. Mr. Barboza drove me to become a better student and a better person. He taught me the value of hard work, integrity, and persever-ance. Like myself, many students in my congres-sional district aspire to pursue a higher edu-cation, but often struggle to afford the applica-tion fees, tuition, textbooks, and many other expenses. When the time came for me to apply for college, and money was tight at home, Mr. Barboza paid for my application, as I’m sure he has done for others. Without his generosity, the first step in my journey towards becoming a doctor would never have been possible. Mr. Barboza has also lent his voice to local and national conversations about the rising cost of higher education. As someone on the front lines of our public school system, I hope he will continue to enrich this discussion with his insights. In recognition of the positive impact he has had on my life, and the lives of countless stu-dents and alumni of Coachella Valley High School, it was my privilege to host Mr. Barboza as my guest for President Barack Obama’s 2015 State of the Union Address. Now, on the eve of his retirement, I am hon-ored to congratulate my counselor and men-tor, Mr. Rafael Barboza, on his well-earned re-tirement and wish him health and happiness in this new chapter of life. THE TOTE PROJECT HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, friends al-ways bring out the best in each other. In the case of Fay Grant and Michelle Chavez, friendship yielded a business idea that would combat a social ill. These best friends have always had a heart for helping others. Several years ago, Grant had a full-time job as a music editor for Sony. On the side, however, she made tote bags by hand from old fabrics and clothing scraps, which she then sold to raise money to help the victims of human trafficking. Chavez, a music director for a website at the time, had also taken on roles to help fight human traf-ficking. She became an active campaigner, at-tempting to broaden awareness and exposure to fair trade and human trafficking. The two friends realized that they could do even more by combining forces, so they de-cided to turn Grant’s bag endeavor into a full- time business, which they named the Tote Project. The main goals of this venture are to give back to others, to promote ethical manu-facturing, and to spread awareness of human trafficking. The business took off, and soon Grant and Chavez were struggling to keep up with an ever-increasing demand for their eye-catching bags, with requests pouring in from not only from America but also from Australia, Ger-many, Japan, Korea, and several other foreign countries. Rather than selling these trendy, hip bags for profit, however, the two decided that they would use a portion of the proceeds to help victims of human trafficking. They found a will-ing partner in Two Wings, an organization that mentors human trafficking victims and helps them achieve their vocational and professional goals. Ten percent of the profits made by the Tote Project go directly to this organization. The two have gone a step further in pro-viding not only financial assistance to human trafficking victims but also employment and job training. All of the bags for sale on the com-pany’s website are handmade by women who were either trafficked themselves or have deemed to be at risk of being trafficked. Human trafficking occurs in America and around the globe. Thousands of people are coerced or kidnapped to be trafficked, and thousands more are living with terrible phys-ical and emotional scars as survivors of traf-ficking. The Tote Project’s logo features the blue rose, a symbol of achieving the impossible and defying the odds to fight human traf-ficking. Mr. Speaker, we need more individuals in the world today like Fay Grant and Michelle Chavez striving to achieve the impossible and end this scourge on humanity once and for all. And that’s just the way it is. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-NIVERSARY OF ABERDEEN TOWNSHIP HOSE & CHEMICAL CO. NO. 1 HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Aberdeen Township Hose & Chemical Co. No. 1 in Aberdeen, New Jersey on its 100th anniversary. The fire company continues to provide exemplary service to the residents of Aberdeen and is truly deserving of this body’s recognition. Officially named the Aberdeen Township Hose & Chemical Co. No. 1 in 1977 after the change of the township’s name, the fire com-pany was organized in 1918 as the Oak Shades Fire Company, which is still used by many as the unofficial name to this day. Prior to Oak Shades Fire Company’s found-ing, the section of Matawan Township that is now Aberdeen had no official fire company, leaving the protection of its residents to an un-derstanding with the Matawan Borough Fire Department. Disagreements over the arrange-ment spurred citizens to organize its own fire company. The company included 27 charter members, four of whom served as the charter officers. In 1920, its name was changed, and in 1932, the Matawan Township Hose & Chemical Company No. 1 was official incor-porated with the State of New Jersey. Throughout its 100 year history, Aberdeen Township Hose & Chemical Co. No. 1 has been supported by its members and the com-munity. The fire company continued to expand and add equipment, ensuring the safety of its residents. Today, the fire company is housed in the Lloyd Road Firehouse, which was built in 1962 and includes five truck bays, a training room, a kitchen and a meeting room. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 100th anniversary of Aberdeen Township Hose & Chemical Co. No. 1 and thanking its members for upholding the duty to serve and protect the community. This milestone and the dedication of the members of Aberdeen Town-ship Hose & Chemical Co. No. 1 are to be celebrated. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CALEB SANDERS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Caleb Sanders of Glenwood High School for winning the Class 3A, heavyweight state title at the Iowa High School State Wrestling Tour-nament. Caleb has a 45–3 season and this is Glenwood’s first state championship since 2016. Iowa has a long and proud history of strong wrestling programs, producing college and Olympic champions for years. Caleb contrib-utes his success to years of hard work and commitment, and the support he has received from his parents, family, coaches, and fellow teammates. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Caleb demonstrates the rewards of dedication and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.031 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE813 June 8, 2018 
perseverance. It is an honor to represent Caleb and his family in the United States Con-gress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in con-gratulating Caleb on competing in this rigorous competition and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his education and in his future college football career at South Dakota State University. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LADIES PROFESSIONAL GOLF ASSOCIA-TION’S INTERNATIONAL LEADER-SHIP 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Ladies Professional Golf Asso-ciation (LPGA) for years of devoted and distin-guished leadership as they are recognized by ATHENA International. The organization’s de-votion to the professional and athletic develop-ment of women is deserving of acclaim. ATHENA International was founded in 1982 by Lansing businesswoman Martha Mertz to honor the contributions of those who help women to succeed. Ms. Mertz has long held the belief that it takes a village to help women in our communities thrive and has seen her small nonprofit grow exponentially over the years. Today, ATHENA International is a glob-al organization that mentors and trains women in more than 500 cities and 8 countries around the world. The ATHENA Leaders of Huron Valley help develop and support women through various programming initiatives includ-ing entrepreneurial classes and one-on-one mentoring. The great work of Michigan’s fe-male leaders is honored at the ATHENA Awards each year. This year’s winners include the Ladies Professional Golf Association, an organization dedicated to promoting women in sport. Founded in 1950 by a group of female golfers dedicated to integrating women into the sport, the LPGA is the oldest women’s professional sports organization in the country. The association’s 13 founders are revered as trailblazers for standing up for equality in a time where women’s sports organizations were not in existence. In the 78 years since LPGA was established, the tenacity and cour-age of the organization’s founders has trans-lated into today’s leadership and program-ming. In addition to its publicized competitive tours, the LPGA supports golf teachers and develops young players through its qualifying school. The association is known for its dedi-cation to the players of tomorrow and gives young golfers playing privileges on the LPGA tour. Their years of work have both equipped and inspired countless women to follow their dreams and reach their full potential as golfers and community leaders. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Ladies Professional Golf Asso-ciation for their dedication to cultivating the athletes of tomorrow. We are grateful for their years of service. THE TREASURY DEPARTMENT OF-FICIALS ENCOURAGED BANKS TO VIOLATE THE LAW HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it appears the past Administration would stop at nothing to boost Iran’s economy, even if it meant vio-lating the law. For years, we imposed sanctions on Iran re-stricting the Ayatollah’s access to American fi-nancial institutions and to the U.S. Dollar. During the Iran deal negotiations, we re-ceived repeated assurances from senior offi-cials at the U.S. Department of the Treasury that the U.S. would not give the Ayatollahs ac-cess to the dollar. But this week, a Senate report indicated that this was a bold-faced lie. Behind closed doors, the Treasury Depart-ment deliberately attempted to violate U.S. law. In early 2016, the Obama Administration se-cretly issued a license to let Iran sidestep U.S. sanctions so that it could convert billions in frozen assets through an American bank. Luckily, American banks refused and in-stead decided to comply with U.S. law. These former officials must be held account-able for trying to convince American banks to skirt U.S. law on behalf of a state sponsor of terrorism. Justice must be served. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5895) making ap-propriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses: 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, as the co-chair of the Northwest Energy Caucus, I was pleased to be a cosponsor of the Newhouse amend-ment. Included in President Trump’s Fiscal Year 2018 and 2019 budget requests were pro-posals to sell off transmission assets of the Power Marketing Administrations, including the Bonneville Power Administration. Previous presidents, of both parties, have proposed the same. The theory behind selling the assets is the U.S. gets a one-time influx of cash with no harm to ratepayers. I recognize these proposals for what they are: budget gimmicks that will only serve to drive up energy costs for Oregon and other Northwest residents and businesses. It’s im-portant to note that BPA costs the federal gov-ernment nothing; it is entirely funded by Pa-cific Northwest ratepayers. Any money BPA borrows from the U.S. treasury is repaid, with interest. By law, BPA is required to sell power at cost. No private company would buy BPA’s assets unless it was assured it would make a profit, which would translate into higher elec-tricity costs. Additionally, BPA serves millions of rural customers, and maintaining transmission infra-structure is costly. There is no guarantee that a private company would invest in less profit-able lines that serve rural areas, harming rural communities. In fact, it could lead to serious neglect or complete abandonment of the lines. In May, President Trump thankfully listened to Northwest lawmakers and scrapped his FY19 proposal. This amendment would ensure that no funds could be spent to reconsider the idea. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE REFORM ACT OF 2018 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today, I am pleased to introduce a bill to re-form the Federal Protective Service (FPS) be-cause I believe it is long overdue to improve the important organization. In the aftermath of the 1995 Murrah Building bombing, the De-partment of Justice (DOJ) assessed the vul-nerability of Federal office buildings in the United States, particularly to acts of terrorism and other forms of violence. The DOJ report made several recommendations, including up-grading the Federal Protective Service (FPS) and bringing each Federal facility up to min-imum standards suggested for its security level. When the Murrah Building in Oklahoma City was attacked, it was after careful planning that focused on gaps in the federal building security at the site to allow the massive de-struction and the loss of life that touched all Americans. The DOJ report noted that the FPS has the experience and historical character to provide security services in Federal buildings for much of the Federal workforce. But, the report also noted that FPS has limited resources to deter-mine building security requirements to address terrorist threats. FPS, according to the report, needs to re-establish its role and take the lead in emphasizing the need for security. Unfortunately years later, many of the re-forms that DOJ found necessary have not taken place. Since the bombing of the Murrah Building, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and the Department of Homeland Se-curity Inspector General have both issued nu-merous reports indicating where FPS needs to improve in order to prevent another tragedy and improve security in Federal buildings. The GAO has made very clear that FPS must in-crease its oversight of its contract guard force, improve screening practices, and be more nimble in responding to threats to Federal buildings. The Federal Protective Service is a part of the frontline defense for thousands of Federal buildings, which include Federal courthouses, Social Security Administration buildings, Agen-cy headquarters, and other buildings. FPS has approximately 1,300 employees, including ap-proximately 1,000 Law Enforcement Officers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.034 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE814 June 8, 2018 
(LEOs) or ‘‘inspectors’’ and 15,000 contract guards, also known as Protective Security Of-ficers (PSOs). After the Oklahoma City bomb-ings in 1995, FPS’ authorized staffing level was 1,450. FPS maintained about the same level of staffing until it dropped to 1,100 in 2007. After concerns about the decrease and its effect on security, Congress, through the appropriations process, began mandating a minimum staffing level. Ultimately, this means that the FPS has fewer employees than it had in 1996, in the immediate aftermath of the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, while GSA has ex-panded its real estate holdings since 1996 by nearly 33 percent. FPS spends about $1.3 billion in executing its mission while delivering security and law enforcement services for the 8,700 assets that the General Services Administration (GSA) owns, controls, or leases. FPS services in-clude providing a visible uniformed presence in major Federal buildings; responding to criminal incidents and other emergencies; in-stalling and monitoring security devices and systems; investigating criminal incidents; con-ducting physical security assessments; coordi-nating a comprehensive program for occu-pants’ emergency plans; presenting formal crime prevention and security awareness pro-grams; and providing police emergency and special security services during natural disas-ters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, and major civil disturbances, including man-made disasters, such as bomb explosions and riots. As the Federal inventory of buildings has steadily increased over the last 30 years, the quality and implementation of security stand-ards have varied greatly. The Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency Managment has unfortunately found that security in Federal buildings is not uniform and is often set by non-security per-sonnel employed by tenant agencies through a Building Security Committee for each indi-vidual public building. This approach to secu-rity makes it difficult to gauge properly the ac-tual risk at Federal facilities and then allocate FPS resources appropriately. My bill, the FPS Reform Act of 2018, ad-dresses some of the long-standing issues identified by the original DOJ report in the aftermath of the bombing of Alfred P. Murrah Building and subsequent reports by the GAO. It creates a minimum level of training for Pro-tective Service Officers (PSOs) while increas-ing the authority of PSOs to carry firearms and detain suspects accused of a felony. The bill also improves the training and procedures for federal agencies participating in the Building Security Committees to ensure that that there are uniform and appropriate security standards for individual buildings occupied by federal agencies. Finally, the bill requires the Sec-retary of DHS to study and report back to Congress on several areas of concern with re-spect to securing federal buildings including the level of personnel needed to secure fed-eral buildings, the best model for funding FPS, the feasibility of federalizing FPS contract offi-cers, and best practices in preventing explo-sives from entering Federal buildings. More than 22 years after the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, it is readily apparent that although FPS has made some strides in improving the protection of Federal buildings there is more progress that needs to be made. In my role as Ranking Member of the Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management Subcommittee and a former law enforcement official, I be-lieve it is imperative that I do everything pos-sible to protect the millions of federal workers and daily visitors, and to keep federal build-ings safe. With increased oversight and addi-tional legislative authority I believe the Federal Protective Service can thrive in its mission of protecting Federal Facilities, their occupants, and visitors by providing superior law enforce-ment and protective security services. I look forward to working with my colleagues to consider this legislation and pass it as soon as possible. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CORY FAUST 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cory Faust of Glenwood, Iowa for being selected by the Glenwood Area Chamber of Commerce as their Educator of the Year. Cory has had a lasting influence on the success of the Glen-wood Rams football, track, and athletic pro-grams. Cory is the physical education teacher, head football coach and girls track team coach. He has been at Glenwood High School for the past six years and led the Rams to three state football playoffs and to a district championship in 2015. He has also led the girls track team to two championships. Cory’s positive impact on the entire athletic program at Glenwood High School has earned him the reputation and respect as a man of character and faith. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Cory in the United States Congress. It is with great pride that I recog-nize and applaud him for his selection as the Educator of the Year by the Glenwood Area Chamber of Commerce and for his commit-ment to his community and school. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Cory on receiving this award and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE EX-CHANGE CLUB OF WYANDOTTE ON THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF ITS FOUNDING 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Wyandotte Exchange Club’s 90 years of service to our southeast Michigan community. The organization has bettered countless lives through its service initiatives. Chartered on May 1st, 1928, the Exchange Club of Wyandotte has grown exponentially since its humble beginnings. The organization stems from the National Exchange Club, the only national service organization that solely serves communities within the United States. Today, there are over 650 local clubs that support the unique cities that they exist in. The Exchange’s Core Values are family, com-munity and country, and these pillars of serv-ice are no better exemplified than by the work done by members of the Exchange Club of Wyandotte. Since its founding, the Exchange Club has grown both in size and scope. Its increase in membership and funding has allowed the or-ganization the increased ability to focus on helping children, families and other local civic agencies. The Exchange Club is known as a force for good within Wyandotte and its dedi-cation to partnering with other local charities and schools without seeking recognition. From partnering with local churches to holding fund-raising events to supporting the Wyandotte Soup Kitchen, the Wyandotte Exchange Club has provided invaluable service and friendship to our southeast Michigan community for the past 90 years. The Exchange Club of Wyan-dotte’s longevity and record of success are testaments to the great work that it has done, and it is my hope that the organization con-tinues to build on these achievements in the years ahead. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Exchange Club of Wyandotte on its 90th anniversary. The Exchange Club has successfully supported important local ini-tiatives in Wyandotte since its founding. f 
HONOR FLIGHT NORTHERN COLORADO 2018 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Amer-ica’s heroic veterans, the Honor Flight Net-work conducts two annual Honor Flight cere-monies to Washington, D.C. to give our na-tion’s heroes a day to visit and reflect at their war memorials. On May 6, 2018, Honor Flight Northern Colorado held its 20th Honor Flight that gave many of our courageous veterans this extraordinary opportunity. I am pleased to recognize the May 6, 2018 Honor Flight hon-oring World War II, Korean War, and Vietnam War veterans of Northern Colorado. Mr. Speaker, those who participated in this flight are as follows: World War II: William Behrns, Leila Morri-son, Gail Wares. Korean War: Melvin Cook, Eldred Cooley, Eugene Curry, Bearl Dennison, James Dewey, Tito Garcia Jr, Karl Gruber, Manuel Jimenez, Donald Johnson, Myron Kapperman, Roger Lindgren, Bobby Lewis, John Mansfield, Thomas Mathias Jr, Dale Mikkelson, Mary Miller, Robert Murphy, How-ard Nomes, James Onorato, Wilbur Smith, Sigvard Stenlund. Vietnam War: Bruce Abel, Gary Allen, Rus-sell Ayer, Roger Baker, John Ballenski, Philip Ballenski, Robert Beckman, Delmar Benkendorf, Joseph Bicek, Ivan Birdsall, Roger Booker, James Boyle, Ronnie Brown, Robert Buchanan, Ronald Byers, Wesley Car-ter, Timothy Casseday, Everett Collins, David Cordova, John Cordova, Keith Cross, Terry Curry, Terry Dack, Scott Dallman, James Ehr-lich, Rodney Enriques, Gary Evans, Brian Finkle, Lewis Finch, Rudolph Gallegos, Pete Gomez, Clayton Goss, Stanley Graffis, John Haddick, Michael Hadwick, William Hamlin, Ar-thur Harris, Michelle Herdengen, Charles Hill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.038 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE815 June 8, 2018 
Richard Hill, William Hilgenberg, Ronald Hoagland, Robert Johnson, Ronald Klug, Terry Kramer, Lonnie Kruise, Darrel Kyger, Bertram Langeberg, Gerald Lauer, Jay Lee, James Lichty, Anthony Lucas, Thomas Mannix, Juan Martinez, Modesto Martinez, James McDaniel, Kenneth McDonald, Ronald McDuff, Phyllis Minch, Alfred Montoya, Thom-as Moreno, Donald Morris, Stephen Morris, Dennis Moss, Joseph Muzy, Emery Patrick, Joseph Plummer, Steven Prater, Benjamin Prieb, Ronald Rains, Donald Ratliff, Richard Regan, Frederick Reiter, Thomas Robb, Bonnie Rohn, Fernando Romero Jr, Charles Rossi, Janice Schilling, Dennis Seitz, William Sladek, Michael Smith, Stephen Smith, Ed-ward Snider Jr, John Tallman, Bruce Tibboel, Gary Todd, Gary Trippel, Billy Trobee, David Valdez, Wesley Van Pelt, Louis Velasquez, Stuart Veltkamp, Paul Wallace, Bryan War-wick, Tom Wasmer, Robert Watters, Steven Wilson, John Yost, William Young. It is my distinct pleasure as the U.S. Rep-resentative of the 4th District of Colorado to recognize the honor, courage, and sacrifice of these heroes, along with all members of America’s Armed Forces. I thank them for their dedication and service to this nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for the vote on passage of H.R. 5895 (Roll Call No. 257). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on final passage. H.R. 5895 is a consolidation of three appro-priations bills, all which deserve individual con-sideration. The FY19 Energy and Water ap-propriations bill does little to protect our envi-ronment, cuts investment in clean energy ini-tiatives, weakens safeguards to protect endan-gered species and makes drinking water less safe for children. 
f 
IN HONOR OF REVEREND DR. KEN-NETH SAUNDERS, SR. AND FIRST LADY SHIRLEY HARRIS SAUN-DERS 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to rise today to congratulate Rev. Dr. Kenneth Saunders, Sr. and his wife, First Lady Shirley Harris Saunders, as they celebrate their retirement. Dr. Saunders and Sister Shir-ley have dedicated nearly 30 years of service to North Stelton A.M.E. Church in Piscataway, New Jersey, and their leadership and commit-ment are truly deserving of this body’s rec-ognition. Dr. Saunders and Sister Shirley are devoted to their faith and community. Dr. Saunders is Treasurer of the New Jersey Annual Con-ference and First Episcopal District, a member of the Episcopal Committee for the African Methodist Episcopal Church and an officer on the Middlesex County Black Caucus. A dedi-cated public servant and an active member of the community for years, he also previously served on the New Jersey State Parole Board, the New Brunswick Theological Seminary Board of Trustees and as Chaplain for the Piscataway Police Department and Council. A community leader in her own right, Sister Shirley has also endeavored to improve the lives of others. Through her work with the New Jersey Conference Women’s Missionary Soci-ety, the Nubian Sisters for Christ Ministry, the Shirley A. Saunders Youth Liturgical Dance Ministry, the North Stelton Scholarship Min-istry, and many others, Sister Shirley has been a staunch advocate for youth and family issues . Her involvement with the New Bruns-wick Theological Seminary Ladies Auxiliary and the New Jersey Conference Women’s Missionary Society, as well as other faith- based organizations, exemplifies her commit-ment to serving the Lord and community. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-leagues will join me in congratulating Rev. Dr. Kenneth Saunders and his wife, Sister Shirley Harris Saunders on their retirement and thank-ing them for their years of service and leader-ship to the North Stelton A.M.E. Church and the greater Piscataway community. f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE DEUKMEJIAN 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with the entire California Republican Delegation to honor and pay tribute to former California Governor George Deukmejian, who passed away in Long Beach, California on Tuesday, May 8, 2018. Deukmejian served the people of California in many ways throughout his life and he will be deeply missed. Deukmejian’s parents, George Sr. and Alice Gairden, were Armenians who emigrated from the Ottoman Empire in the early 1900s to es-cape the Armenian Genocide. George Jr. was born on June 6, 1928, in Menands, New York. Deukmejian graduated with a B.A. in Soci-ology from Siena College in 1949 and then earned a Juris Doctor from St. John’s Univer-sity in 1952. Shortly thereafter he served for two years in the U.S. Army, assigned to the Judge Advocate General’s Corps. In 955, Deukmejian moved to California and later met his future wife Gloria Saatjian. They married on February 16, 1957, and had three children. Following a brief time in private law practice in Long Beach, Deukmejian entered politics and, in 1962, was elected to the California State Assembly. A few years later, Deukmejian was elected to the State Senate, where he would serve for twelve years and rise to become the Majority Leader. With a legacy of advocating for law and order, Deukmejian successfully ran for Attorney Gen-eral in 1978. In 1982, Deukmejian was elected to his first term as Governor of California. He would later be re-elected to a second term in 1986. Throughout his time as Governor, Deukmejian was known as a fiscal conserv-ative who was tough on crime and helped make the state economically competitive. Along with the entire California Republican Delegation, I want to extend my heartfelt con-dolences to the Deukmejian family, his friends, and everyone who had the pleasure of serving with him. Although Governor Deukmejian may be gone, the many life-changing contributions he made in California will have a lasting im-pact. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on June 7, 2018, during consideration of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Develop-ment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019, I am recorded as voting ‘aye’ on roll call No. 246. On this vote, I was misreported. I duly intended to vote ‘no’ on roll call No. 246. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PAT MONT-GOMERY FOR HER IMPACT ON MICHIGAN’S EDUCATIONAL LANDSCAPE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pat Montgomery for years of de-voted and distinguished leadership as she is recognized by ATHENA International. Her service to her students has given them the confidence to go out into the community and make a difference. ATHENA International was founded in 1982 by Lansing businesswoman Martha Mertz to honor the contributions of those who help woman to succeed. Ms. Mertz has long held the belief that it takes a village to help women in our communities thrive and has seen her small nonprofit grow exponentially over the years. Today, ATHENA International is a glob-al organization that mentors and trains women in more than 500 cities and 8 countries around the world. The ATHENA Leaders of Huron Valley help develop and support women through various programming initiatives includ-ing entrepreneurial classes and one-on-one mentoring. The great work of Michigan’s fe-male leaders is honored at the ATHENA Awards each year. This year’s winners include Pat Montgomery, an educator who sees end-less potential in each one of her students. Inspired to promote education in an unstructured setting, in 1967, Ms. Montgomery founded Clonlara School in Ann Arbor in an effort to further her vision of a school that al-lowed students the freedom to explore their in-terests in an intellectually stimulating learning environment. Initially consisting of only 8 stu-dents, Clonlara’s education offerings have grown and expanded over the decades, and the school today runs a homeschooling pro-gram that serves students through inter-national offices in Europe and Central Amer-ica, as well as with online offerings. Ms. Mont-gomery was the driving force behind the con-ception and development of Clonlara, serving as a teacher, executive director and in other roles and has been fundamental to the school’s longevity. Her efforts have created a lasting impact on the Michigan educational community and have bettered countless lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.041 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE816 June 8, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Pat Montgomery for her years of service. She has set a high bar for educators in Michigan and across the country. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JACKY ROSEN 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5985) making ap-propriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses: 
Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of our amendment, which strikes a provision in this bill that would prohibit the future closure of the Yucca Mountain project. This extreme language severely undercuts any opportunity to pursue viable alternatives for Yucca Mountain, including job-creating al-ternatives that OMB would be required to study under my bill, the Jobs, Not Waste Act. Even worse, this language we’re seeking to strike would essentially prevent another com-munity that consents to storing nuclear waste from being considered as the nation’s nuclear repository—effectively closing the door to safer, more viable sites and forcing Nevada to become the sole dumping ground for nuclear waste we never even generated. Based on DOE’s own studies, Yucca Moun-tain is unfit as a repository site for nuclear waste because of the impact it would have on national transportation. This bill throws evidence-based policy mak-ing out the window in a narrow-minded effort to force Nevada into being a nuclear waste dump. Instead of spending billions more in hard- earned taxpayer money on this project that’s destined to fail and that will inevitably put fam-ilies across the country at risk, let’s leave the door open to forward-thinking alternatives for Yucca Mountain. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONNABELLE AND ELVIN ERNEST 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Donnabelle and Elvin Ernest of Bedford, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 70th wed-ding anniversary. They were married on March 8, 1948. Donnabelle and Elvin’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them nothing but the best. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, in order to at-tend my son’s graduation on Thursday, June 7, 2018, I was unable to cast my votes on roll call numbers 240 through 252. Had I been present, I would have voted: NAY on Roll Call No. 240—On ordering the previous question; NAY on Roll Call No. 241—On agreeing to the resolution; NAY on Roll Call No. 242—On approving the Journal; NAY on Roll Call No. 243—On passage of H.R. 3, a rescissions bill, which eliminates Children’s Health Insurance Program funding; AYE on Roll Call No. 244—On agreeing to the Tsongas amendment to increase funding for the purposes of offshore wind job training grants; AYE on Roll Call No. 245—On agreeing to the Beyer amendment to restore funding for clean energy research; NAY on Roll Call No. 246—On agreeing to the Gosar amendment to eliminate funding for clean energy; AYE on Roll Call No. 247—On agreeing to the Lee amendment; AYE on Roll Call No. 248—On agreeing to the Connolly amendment; NAY on Roll Call No. 249—On agreeing to the Gosar amendment; AYE on Roll Call No. 250—On agreeing to the Lowenthal amendment to support clean oceans; NAY on Roll Call No. 251—On agreeing to the Blackburn amendment; and NAY on Roll Call No. 252—On agreeing to the Norman amendment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JOHN VAN CAMP FOR HIS DISTINGUISHED CAREER WITH SOUTHWEST SO-LUTIONS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. John Van Camp for his out-standing career at Southwest Solutions. Mr. Van Camp has served the state of Michigan and its homeless population well through his service. Mr. John Van Camp returned to his home-town of Detroit, Michigan after living overseas and serving in the Peace Corps. Once back in the United States, he attended graduate school at Wayne State University and became involved in the newly created Southwest Solu-tions. The company was established as a mental health agency in 1972 in response to deinstitutionalization in Michigan and across the nation. Mr. Van Camp joined Southwest Solutions as an administrative assistant in 1973 and worked at the company for years before being named Executive Director in 1981. Throughout his tenure as CEO of Southwest Solution, the company has ex-panded into one of the largest nonprofits in the state of Michigan. Mr. Van Camp is known by his coworkers and friends for his leadership abilities and dedication to the men and women of metro Detroit. Under his leadership, Southwest Solu-tion offers over 70 programs for Michigan resi-dents ranging from housing assistance to workforce development to community engage-ment. The programs assist various populations throughout southeast Michigan, primarily fo-cusing on vulnerable populations including the homeless, veterans and children. Southwest Solutions is lauded for its unparalleled work in housing development—the company has spearheaded over 700 units of affordable housing and restored 25 multi-story buildings. Mr. John Van Camp has made a tremendous impact on the direction of mental health and rehabilitation services in Michigan, and his hard work and expertise will be missed. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring John Van Camp for his service as CEO of Southwest Solutions. Mr. Van Camp has effectively served the state of Michigan and its vulnerable populations through his nonprofit work. f 
HONORING KENT BRAITHWAITE ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIRE-MENT AS A SOCIAL STUDIES AND ENGLISH TEACHER AT COACHELLA VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Mr. Kent Braithwaite on his retire-ment after 39 years of service as a teacher, counselor, and role model for the students of Coachella Valley High School. During his tenure, Mr. Braithwaite has left an indelible impression on countless students. As a social studies and English teacher, an advisor, and a mentor, he has helped count-less students prepare for and pursue a college education. More importantly, he instilled in his students a lifelong love of learning. Many years ago, I was one of those stu-dents in Mr. Braithwaite’s English class. I like to think I tried my best in every class—but Mr. Braithwaite was the kind of teacher who not only taught, but inspired his students to work even harder. He challenged my classmates and me every day, pushing us to write clearly, read carefully, and question the beliefs and assumptions we brought to his classroom. In the Coachella Valley—the region I grew up in and have the privilege to represent— there are still far too many young people who drop out of school before they can graduate or pursue a higher education. Teachers like Mr. Braithwaite are helping to show these students that they can achieve their dreams by pur-suing their education. During his nearly four decades of teaching, Mr. Braithwaite has served his fellow teachers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.046 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE817 June 8, 2018 
and the Coachella Valley Unified School Dis-trict in various leadership positions, and re-ceived prestigious recognitions from the Cali-fornia State Assembly, the House of Rep-resentatives, and many local advocacy organi-zations for his excellence in teaching. Most importantly, he has the gratitude of thousands of Coachella Valley High School alumni. Mr. Braithwaite is joining his wife and fellow teacher, Jennifer Braithwaite, for a well-earned retirement. Over her 38-year career, Mrs. Braithwaite invited Holocaust survivors and Vietnam veterans to speak to her classes, gave out scholarships to her students, and helped bring the Advanced Placement pro-gram to Coachella Valley High School. Like her husband, Mrs. Braithwaite has always gone above and beyond to serve her students. On behalf of all the students whose lives Mr. and Mrs. Braithwaite have touched, I would like to offer my sincerest thanks and congratulations to them both on their inspiring and meaningful careers. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 75TH AN-NIVERSARY OF NAVAL WEAPONS STATION EARLE 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 75th anniversary of Naval Weap-ons Station Earle. Since its opening, Naval Weapons Station Earle has been a pivotal base for the United States Department of De-fense and its significance is truly deserving of this body’s recognition on this historic mile-stone. Named after Rear Admiral Ralph Earle, the Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance during WWI, Naval Weapons Station Earle was called Naval Ammunition Depot Earle until 1974. It is based in two facilities in Monmouth County, New Jersey—the Waterfront, located in the Leonardo section of Middletown, and Mainside bordering Colts Neck, Howell, Tinton Falls and Wall Township. The two sections are con-nected by the military corridor and rail line, Normandy Road. The Waterfront includes a miles long finger pier—the longest in the Western Hemisphere—into Sandy Hook Bay. The pier sustained damage in Superstorm Sandy and now includes oyster reefs as an additional protection measure from future storms. Naval Weapons Station Earle was estab-lished out of the need for a munitions loading base in the Port of New York, a need that be-came increasingly pressing during World War II. The Leonardo and Colts Neck locations were chosen for their distance from densely populated and developed neighborhoods yet their proximity to important landmarks such as New York City, New York Harbor and the At-lantic Ocean. During WWII, the base served a vital role in transporting ordnance, including most of the munitions used in the invasion of Normandy. Naval Weapons Station Earle’s strategic loca-tion has remained critical to our military, load-ing ships used in Operation Desert Storm and Operation Iraqi Freedom. Naval Weapons Sta-tion Earle encompasses nearly 12,000 acres and remains an active base today with over 1,500 personnel. With six times more loading capacity of any base on the East Coast, the support Naval Weapons Station Earle provides to our country is invaluable. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-leagues will join me in recognizing the vital contributions of Naval Weapons Station Earle as it celebrates 75 years of operation. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JIM KOSTEVA FOR HIS CAREER OF SERVICE ON BEHALF OF THE SOUTHEAST MICHIGAN COMMUNITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jim Kosteva as he retires from the University of Michigan. Jim has been an out-standing public servant who has served the students of southeast Michigan with distinc-tion. After receiving his bachelor degree in Metro-politan Studies from North Central College, Mr. Kosteva took a position as the Director of Community Planning for Canton Township in southeast Michigan. It was there that his pas-sion for the state and the issues facing Michi-gan residents grew. He was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives in 1984 where he served for four terms. During his tenure as a Michigan legislator, he focused on the issues of school finance reform, public transportation, solid waste management and land use. His legislation, the Michigan Edu-cation Trust, was passed into law during his first term and created one of the first pre-paid college tuition plans in the country. His years of effective public service and passion for edu-cation issues allowed him to excel in his next role as Director of Communications at the Uni-versity of Michigan. Mr. Jim Kosteva joined the University of Michigan in 1994 as the Director of Commu-nity relations. In this position, he coordinates partnerships with local and national organiza-tions, works with the City of Ann Arbor on issues of mutual concern and fosters philan-thropic engagement among the student body and faculty. Under his leadership, the Univer-sity has cultivated a meaningful relationship with the City of Ann Arbor that has led to the resolution of public and campus safety con-cerns as well as a 62.3 percent growth in Ann Arbor’s tax base since 2001. Mr. Kosteva is known by his colleagues and students for his creative and strong leadership as well as his passion for city-university relations. Through-out his career, he has represented the Univer-sity on a variety of local boards including the Ann Arbor Chamber of Commerce, the Ann Arbor Convention and Visitors Bureau and Washtenaw United Way. He has had a tre-mendous impact on the direction of the Uni-versity of Michigan’s community relations, and we look forward to his continued positive im-pact on our Michigan community in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Jim Kosteva and his years of serv-ice to the southeast Michigan community. His dedication and tireless efforts on behalf of the University of Michigan made him an exem-plary public servant. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for the vote on passage of H.R. 3 (Roll Call No. 243). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on final passage. This bill cuts critical funding from the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, education and job-training programs. H.R. 3 was brought to the floor in a rushed and closed process, with the Appropriations Committee holding no hearings or mark-ups and limiting the oppor-tunity for Members to review the legislation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GABE PAULEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Gabe Pauley of AHSTW High School for winning the 170-pound Class 1A Iowa High School State Wrestling Championship. Gabe finished the season with a record of 56–0. This is Gabe’s second individual State Wrestling champion-ship. Gabe said, ‘‘I’ve always wanted to be a state champ and now I have it. It feels great. I don’t even have any words for it.’’ Gabe fin-ished third in the 2017 wrestling championship meet. ‘‘It takes dedication, training, and per-fection in order to become a champion,’’ Gabe added. Iowa has a long and proud history of strong wrestling programs, producing college and Olympic champions for years. Gabe contrib-utes his success to years of hard work and commitment and the support of his parents, family, coaches and fellow teammates. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Gabe demonstrates the rewards of dedication and perseverance. It is an honor representing Gabe and his family in the United States Con-gress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Gabe on competing in this rigorous competition and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his education and in his future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ANA M CCUNE 
VAN DE VELDE FOR BEING NAMED A WOMAN OF ACHIEVE-MENT BY THE KAPPA FOUNDA-TION 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ana McCune van de Velde for being named a Woman of Achievement by the Kappa Foundation. Mrs. McCune has distin-guished herself through her leadership and community involvement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.051 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE818 June 8, 2018 
The Ann Arbor-Ypsilanti-Inkster Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity was es-tablished on December 6, 1958. The organiza-tion was founded in order to foster relation-ships between Michigan Kappa Alpha Psis, provide leadership to current students at Michigan universities and mentor youth in sub-urban Detroit. Since its founding, group mem-bers have come together to serve the local community in a variety of ways including golf tournaments, college fairs, pancake break-fasts, Meals on Wheels programs and robust scholarship programming. In addition to their myriad civic endeavors, the fraternity honors female leaders in southeast Michigan annually at their ‘‘Women of Achievement’’ event. This year’s honorees include Ana McCune van de Velde, a well regarded leader in southeast Michigan. A lifelong Midwesterner, Mrs. McCune moved to Michigan after graduating from col-lege. She is an accomplished entrepreneur and businesswoman, serving at various com-panies including AT&T Corporation, New De-troit and the Automotive Strategy Corporation. Although she is an accomplished leader in the private sector, Mrs. McCune’s real passion lies in civic work, specifically children’s education. She sponsors the Pink Panthers, an all-girls robotics team in Detroit and has served on the Indiana University Alumni Association Execu-tive Council. Her distinguished career and phil-anthropic engagement has bettered countless industries and individuals and we are grateful for her commitment to southeast Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ana McCune van de Velde for being named one of The Kappa Foundation’s Women of Achievement. Mrs. McCune has distinguished herself with her work as an en-trepreneur and through her philanthropic work. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on roll call No. 216, I inadvertently voted ‘aye.’ I strongly oppose the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, and I intended my vote be recorded as ‘nay.’ IN RECOGNITION OF MR. MATTHEW ROSA HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Matthew Rosa on his election as President of the California Future Farmers of America. Matthew Rosa was born on March 25, 2000, in Visalia, California to his parents, Noel and Holly Rosa. He attended local schools, most recently El Diamante High School in Visalia, California. During his high school tenure, Mat-thew served in many leadership posts in the El Diamante Chapter of Future Farmers of America (FFA), including Sentinel from 2015 through 2016, Vice President from 2016 through 2017, and President from 2017 through 2018. In the role of Chapter President, Matthew concurrently held the position of San Joaquin Region FFA President. Beyond FFA, Matthew is an avid golfer, playing for the El Diamante Miners golf team in his sophomore, junior, and senior years of high school. He served as a member of St. Mary’s Youth Leadership Team from 2015 through 2016 and is active in the Good Shep-herd Catholic Parish of Visalia. During his participation in FFA, Matthew was a member of the winning FFA Coopera-tive Marketing Team in 2017 and earned a State Proficiency Award for Dairy Production Placement. In his academic pursuits, Matthew became a lifetime member of the California Scholarship Federation and was a two-time re-cipient of the Visalia Unified School District Board Student Achievement Award. In early 2018, Matthew was one of seventy- four members of California’s extended FFA or-ganization to apply to run for state office. After many interviews during the California FFA Convention in Anaheim, California, Matthew advanced among the twelve finalists to ad-dress the convention. Following voting, Mat-thew was declared the winning candidate for President of California FFA on April 25, 2018. As California State FFA President, Matthew will be tasked with the three primary tenets of FFA leadership: motivating members to achieve their highest potential, serve as a goodwill ambassador to the community at- large, and provide key direction and execute the various programs undertaken by FFA re-gions and chapters. Matthew’s passion for farming is a reflection of his upbringing. As the son of a dairyman, Matthew has learned the lessons of hard work and dedication growing up at the Rosa Broth-ers Dairy and Creamery. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Mr. Matthew Rosa on his election and wishing him well on his future service to the California Future Farmers of America. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RABBI BENNETT F. MILLER 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 8, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Rabbi Bennett F. Miller on his re-tirement as Senior Rabbi of Anshe Emeth Me-morial Temple in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Rabbi Miller has dedicated over 40 years to Anshe Emeth and his commitment and leader-ship are truly deserving of this body’s recogni-tion. Ordained a Rabbi in 1974, Rabbi Miller joined Anshe Emeth Memorial Temple the same year. Since that time, he has provided outstanding spiritual guidance to the con-gregation and has promoted and supported a mission of social action and community serv-ice. In addition to his work at Anshe Emeth Memorial Temple, Rabbi Miller is also a mem-ber of the Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors and is Immediate Past-Chair of the Association of Reform Zionists of America. Prior to his service at Anshe Emeth Memo-rial Temple, Rabbi Miller served as the spir-itual leader of Congregation Havurah in New York and the New Jersey State Advisory Council on the Holocaust. Rabbi Miller earned his doctorate from Princeton Theological Sem-inary and his Master of Arts and Hebrew Let-ters from the Hebrew Union College—Jewish Institute of Religion in Cincinnati, as well as a certificate in Non-Profit Management and Fundraising from New York University. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Rabbi Miller on his retirement and thanking him for his many years of dedicated service and leadership to Anshe Emeth Me-morial Temple and the greater community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.056 E08JNPT1
D645 Friday, June 8, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, June 11, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6049–6066; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 929–932, were introduced.
                Pages H5020–21 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5022 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2851, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–713, Part 1); H. Res. 898, directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to Department of Home-land Security policies and activities relating to homeland security information produced and dis-seminated regarding cybersecurity threats posed by the ZTE Corporation, headquartered in Shenzhen, China; adversely; (H. Rept. 115–714); H.R. 5685, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to provide educational resources regarding opioid use and pain management as part of the Medicare & You handbook (H. Rept. 115–715, Part 1); H.R. 5583, to amend title XI of the Social Secu-rity Act to require States to annually report on cer-tain adult health quality measures, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–716); H.R. 5800, to require the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission to conduct an ex-ploratory study and report on requirements applica-ble to and practices of institutions for mental dis-eases under the Medicaid program (H. Rept. 115–717); H.R. 5480, to improve programs and activities re-lating to women’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–718); H.R. 5735, to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use dis-orders, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–719); H.R. 3331, to amend title XI of the Social Secu-rity Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–720, Part 1); H.R. 5582, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a re-port on barriers to accessing abuse-deterrent opioid formulations for individuals enrolled in a plan under part C or D of the Medicare program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–721, Part 1); and H.R. 5788, to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain inter-national mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–722, Part 1). 
                                                                                            Page H5020 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Marshall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4983 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN8.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD646 June 8, 2018 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Monsignor Stephen J. Rossetti, Catholic University of America, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H4983 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H4983, H5000 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019: The House passed H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, by a yea-and- nay vote of 235 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 257. Consideration began yesterday, June 7th. 
                                                         Pages H4985–96, H4996–H5000 
Rejected the Kuster (NH) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 187 ayes to 225 noes, Roll No. 256. 
                                                                             Pages H4998–H5000 
Agreed to: Carbajal amendment (No. 28 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that provides $8 million for the Veterans Transportation Program to assist veterans in attending to all their medical appointments in a timely manner;
                                                   Pages H4985–86 
Keating amendment (No. 29 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that allocates funding for the VA to create an opioid abuse healthcare kit for com-munity healthcare providers;
                       Pages H4986–87 
Keating amendment (No. 30 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that allocates funding for admin-istrative costs at the VA to ensure providers at VA health facilities complete a continuing medication course in pain management;
                                Page H4987 
Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX) amendment (No. 31 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that re-quires the VA to report on how many delinquent payments by the VA to vendors and contractors there are and the total amount of money; 
                                                                                    Pages H4987–88 
Connolly amendment (No. 32 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that ensures sufficient funds for the Department of Veterans Affairs Inspector General to provide rigorous oversight of the Wash-ington, D.C. Veterans Affairs Medical Center; 
                                                                                    Pages H4988–90 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 33 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that prohibits the use of funds in contravention of the U.S. Code regarding benefits for homeless veterans in training and out-reach programs;
                                                  Pages H4990–91 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 34 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that increases the amount of funding for Supportive Services for Veterans Fami-lies by $2 million offset by a reduction of a $2.5 million in the funding for the VA’s information Technology Systems;                                        Pages H4991–92 
Walberg amendment (No. 35 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that prevents funds from being used to implement, administer, or enforce a proposed rule by the VA to limit an injured or amputee vet-eran’s ability to choose a prosthetist or orthotist who meets his or her needs whether employed by the VA or on contract with the VA;
                        Pages H4992–93 
Eshoo amendment (No. 36 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that states that none of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Army to convey the 17.1 acres of land and the 126 existing housing units known as Shenandoah Square in Mountain View, California;
                    Pages H4993–94 
Peters (CA) amendment (No. 37 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that prohibits funds from being transferred from programs supporting veteran homelessness services;
                                              Page H4994 
Ratcliffe amendment (No. 38 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that prohibits funds from being used to propose, plan, or execute a new round of Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC); 
                                                                                    Pages H4994–95 
Gohmert amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that was debated on June 7th that prohibits the use of funds to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance related to the social cost of carbon (by a recorded vote of 212 ayes to 201 noes, Roll No. 253); and
     Pages H4996–97 
Meadows amendment (No. 15 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that was debated on June 7th that reestablishes a semiannual Government Ac-countability Office financial review of obligated ex-penditures from the Independent Counsel permanent indefinite appropriation, and requires the report’s findings to be submitted to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the House and Senate, the Commit-tees on Oversight and Government Reform and Ju-diciary of the House, and the Committees on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and Judici-ary of the Senate (by a recorded vote of 207 ayes to 201 noes, Roll No. 254).
                              Pages H4997–98 
Rejected: Takano amendment (No. 16 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that was debated on June 7th that sought to appropriate $2.5 million to re-insti-tute the Office of Technology Assessment (OTA) to help Congress understand emerging technologies and their policy implications; offset by funds from an ad-ministrative account within the Architect of the Capitol (by a recorded vote of 195 ayes to 217 noes, Roll No. 255).
                                                            Page H4998 
H. Res. 923, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) and providing for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN8.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D647 June 8, 2018 
consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) was agreed to yes-terday, June 7th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 12th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H5004 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Belarus and other persons to undermine Belarus’s democratic processes or institutions is to continue in effect beyond June 16, 2018—referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–131).
                                          Pages H5012–13 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4996–97, H4997–98, H4998, H4999–H5000, and H5000. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 2:49 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held a markup on June 7, 2018, on the FY 2019 Defense Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Defense Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full Com-mittee, without amendment. This markup was closed. QUESTIONS REGARDING THE U.S. CENSUS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing entitled ‘‘Questions Regarding the U.S. Census’’. Testimony was heard from Steve Marshall, Attorney General, Alabama; and public witnesses. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 11, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN8.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD648 June 8, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, June 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act, post-cloture, and vote on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, June 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E807 Buck, Ken, Colo., E814 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E805 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E815 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E816 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E813 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E805 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E818 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E815 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E813 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E808, E809, E810, E811, E813, E814, E815, E816, E817, E817 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E810 Fleischmann, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’, Tenn., E804 Green, Gene, Tex., E807 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E806 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E811 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E804 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E809 Keating, William R., Mass., E805 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E804 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E806 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E804 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E805 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E803 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E812, E815, E817, E818 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E806 Poe, Ted, Tex., E809, E810, E812, E813 Polis, Jared, Colo., E815, E817 Price, David E., N.C., E807 Rosen, Jacky, Nev., E816 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E803 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E812, E816 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E803 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E803 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E809 Suozzi, Thomas R., N.Y., E805 Valadao, David G., Calif., E818 Wilson, Frederica S., Fla., E808, E811 Young, David, Iowa, E806, E806, E807, E808, E810, E811, E812, E814, E816, E817 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 09, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08JN8.REC D08JNPT1