Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5097 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 2018 No. 98 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. N
ORMAN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 13, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ALPH  N
ORMAN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND CAREER OF ALBERT FRED ‘‘RED’’ SCHOENDIENST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, on the week of the Congressional baseball game, one in which I will wear the uni-form of the St. Louis Cardinals, I rise today to honor the life and career of Major League Baseball player Albert Fred ‘‘Red’’ Schoendienst, who passed away last week on Wednesday, June 6, at 95 years old. He was born 40 miles away from St. Louis, in my congres-sional district in Germantown, Illinois, on February 2, 1923. Red grew up as one of seven children. His dad was a coal miner. He lived, in his early days, without running water or electricity. He married Mary Eileen O’Reilly in 1947. They celebrated 52 years of marriage before she passed away in 1999. Together, they had four children, 10 grandchildren, and seven great grandchildren. At 16 years old, while working on a fence, under the Civilian Conservation Corps, he suffered an injury to his left eye. That injury made it hard for him to read a breaking ball from the right side, so he learned to be a switch-hit-ter. Red tried out for the Cardinals in 1942 and, at his induction ceremony at the Baseball Hall of Fame, he said he and his friends hitchhiked a ride to St. Louis on a milk truck and: ‘‘I never thought that milk truck ride would eventually lead to Cooperstown and baseball’s highest honor.’’ He also spoke about his attitude to-ward playing the game. ‘‘I would play any position my manager asked. What-ever it took to win I was willing to do. All I ever wanted to do was be on that lineup card and become a champion.’’ And that Red Schoendienst was. After his discharge from the mili-tary, Red started his major league ca-reer with the Cardinals in 1945 as a left fielder. The hometown kid finally had a chance to play for his hometown team. He played in 137 games and stole 26 bases that season. In 1946, Red moved to second base, which is where he played for the rest of his career, and the Cardinals won the World Series at that time. It was the Cardinals’ third championship in 5 years and Red’s first. In 19 seasons as a player, Red com-piled a .289 batting average, with 84 home runs, 773 RBIs, 1200-plus runs. The Cardinals won the World Series in ’46, ’57, ’64, ’67 and ’82. He spent 74 con-secutive years in major league baseball as a player, coach, and manager, and spent 67 of those years as a St. Louis Cardinal. I would like to end by also talking about Red and his family as individ-uals. Mary was very involved with reaching out to new players’ wives, helping them adjust to life with a major leaguer. Mary sang the national anthem many times before Cardinal games, and organized the wives’ char-ity group. What Red Schoendienst said was: ‘‘What makes baseball so great is you can’t hold the ball for 24 seconds and take the last shot or run the clock down and kick a field goal. You have to get 27 outs, one way or the other. Time doesn’t run out until you get that 27th out.’’ One of his best friends was Stan Musial, and he sums up Red this way: ‘‘A lot of guys had the privilege of playing with or for Red over the years, and I’m proud I was one of them. He is one of the kindest, most decent men I’ve ever known in my life. Even more important than having been his team-mate or roommate, however, is having been his friend for so many years. They don’t come any better.’’ I can’t say it any better myself, Mr. Speaker. We have lost a great Cardinal. f 
INCREASE SNAP BENEFITS TO PROMOTE ACCESS TO HEALTHY FOOD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring attention to a recent study published by Kranti Mulik and Lindsey Haynes-Maslow in the Journal of Nu-trition Education and Behavior. Their research confirms what we already 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.000 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5098 June 13, 2018 
know about SNAP and what the Agri-culture Committee has discovered dur-ing our thorough review of the pro-gram; and that is, that current benefits averaging only a $1.40 per person per meal are not enough to cover the cost of a healthy diet. Drs. Mulik and Haynes-Maslow set out to explore how much it costs fami-lies to follow the MyPlate dietary guidelines set by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and then estimated the additional resources families on SNAP would need to follow these rec-ommendations for a healthy diet. They discovered that a family of four with two adults and two children be-tween the ages of 8 and 17 needed be-tween $1,109 and $1,249 a month to fol-low USDA’s recommendations for a healthy diet, including the time to pre-pare nutritious meals. The research found this type of family, a family of four with two older kids, would need an additional $627 per month to eat a nu-tritious diet. Overall, the research determined that current SNAP benefits only cover about 43 to 60 percent of the food budg-et needed to follow MyPlate rec-ommendations. These findings under-score the need for Congress to protect SNAP and further expand access to nu-tritious food by increasing benefits. This is especially important as we con-tinue to learn more about the negative health impacts exacerbated by hunger and a lack of access to nutritious food. Unfortunately, some in this House have turned efforts to help our con-stituents put food on their table when times are tough into an ideological crusade and, quite frankly, it is uncon-scionable. Food ought to be a funda-mental right for every single person. Republicans on the House Agri-culture Committee and in the Repub-lican leadership of this House advanced a farm bill last month that would have done irreparable harm to our anti-hun-ger safety net. It relied on negative stereotypes and incorrect assumptions about the hardworking American fami-lies who rely on modest SNAP benefits. It would have slashed SNAP by $23 bil-lion, which would cause millions of Americans to see their benefits reduced or eliminated entirely. And not only did this terrible bill single out those vulnerable adults who are having a difficult time finding sta-ble employment, it also targeted work-ing families, older adults, and children. In the United States of America, the richest country in the history of the world, no person should go to bed hun-gry or wondering where his or her next meal is coming from. This Congress ought to be focused on helping our con-stituents with a hand up when times are tough, instead of demonizing the poor and ignoring their struggles. Now, I am encouraged that the Sen-ate Agriculture Committee is marking up a bipartisan farm bill today that protects SNAP from harmful cuts and makes investments in the program to help increase access to healthy foods. My Republican friends in the House should follow their example. As we continue through this year’s farm bill process, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reject cuts to SNAP benefits and oppose efforts to reduce access to this critical food as-sistance program. As research has long confirmed, SNAP helps to reduce food insecurity, promote access to nutritious foods, and improve health. We know that SNAP benefits must be increased to cover the costs associated with a nutritious diet. I encourage my colleagues to consider this important new information and to join me in working to end hunger now. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM ALLEN KENDRICK, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of William Allen Kendrick, Jr., a Marine and life-long resident of Jena, Louisiana, who died tragically on May 24. Allen led a life driven by passion, pa-triotism, and faith, values he lived and expressed through music. He served as a bandsman in the Marine Corps for 8 years and brought his enthusiasm for music and theater back to civilian life in his hometown of Jena, a small rural community that I have the privilege to represent in my district. Allen first discovered his love of music at Nolley Memorial United Methodist Church when he joined the Nolley group known as the Nolley Notables as a young student. As an adult, he created the Nolley Memorial UMC Grace Notes Choir and doubled the size of the LaSalle Parish Commu-nity Choir after becoming its director. Not surprisingly, Allen incorporated his love for God and country in his music, and it showed when he per-formed the most notable arrangements during Independence Day, Memorial Day, and other veterans events. He was also a member of the Jena Community Theater Group called Act-ing Up, and a former band director at Jena High School. Allen shared a quote on his Facebook page that said: ‘‘Music is not what I do. It’s who I am.’’ He lived that life every day, and all of us who heard his music are better for it. I join all those who have been blessed by Allen’s music, and I mourn his pass-ing, as does the community. It will be hard not to think of him the next time I attend a service in Jena, though I know that his legacy and his patriot-ism will forever be a special part of Jena and Louisiana and, hopefully, the Nation. 
f 
STOP PROSECUTING ASYLUM SEEKERS AND SEPARATING FAMILIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, last week a group of about a dozen of us wrote a letter to the head of the De-partment of Homeland Security, Health and Human Services, and the Attorney General. We demanded that the Trump administration cease its practice of prosecuting asylum seekers, to reunite the children they separated from their families, and to allow Mem-bers of Congress to visit the facilities where the children are being held. We gave these three Trump adminis-tration Cabinet Secretaries a deadline to get back to us, and so far we have heard nothing, not a peep. So now we are trying to figure out how to make it clear to the Trump administration that agencies taking children from the arms of moms and dads is absolutely 100 per-cent unacceptable to us and most Americans. Let’s look at what is going on here. In order to get more of you on that side of the aisle elected or re-elected, the President and his henchmen have de-vised an election-year strategy to be as mean and nasty as possible to asylum seekers, to immigrants, refugees, and Latinos in general. The President, and the Attorney General, and others have said that this is a national security strategy, and that our national security depends on taking toddlers, infants, and children, most of whom are under the age of 12, away from their parents. Come on, really? How does jailing a scared, frightened, terrorized 8 year old who barely escaped with her life from Central America, make any of us safer? Well, it doesn’t. The only person who might be safer because an 8-year-old child is in jail is a Member of the House running for re-election on a get- tough-on-immigration platform. And it isn’t like they are taking these children from their parents and putting them on the other side of the jail or the other side of the for-profit detention center. No, they are taking the toddler, the infant, the 8 or 9 year old and taking them to a government facility somewhere else, maybe in New York, Chicago, Seattle, thousands of miles away. And we are hearing the most horrific stories. Parents who have had their children taken from them have com-mitted suicide. Imagine how you would feel if you had to walk from El Salvador to Texas to save the life of your son or daughter, only to wind up in detention. Now, imagine that a man in a uniform comes up to you and says, hey, we are going to take your child for a bath. We are going to take them to see the doctor. And then hours go by and you realize they are gone, maybe forever. Can you imagine? Can you sit quietly and do nothing when that is how your tax dollars are being spent? We are scarring these children for the rest of their lives. We know this. Tak-ing children from their families and in-stitutionalizing them at a young age 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.002 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5099 June 13, 2018 
will have consequences for that child, and for this country, and our tax-payers, for the rest of their lives. And we don’t know for sure because none of the agencies have responded, but we hear that parents are going to court in mass trials and having their asylum claims denied—not heard, but denied—and then the parents are de-ported. Does the government then go out and find the child in Chicago or Detroit, and send them back to their parents? Who knows? But probably not. There is a certain devious and genu-inely cruel kind of evil in separating a child from their mother. And they don’t expect anyone on the Republican side of the aisle to say anything, be-cause it is part of the strategy to help them keep their job. Well, do you know what? Look, today, I am going to be joining with a group of hundreds of advocates from a diverse array of organizations, issues, and areas of this country, and we are going to demand answers. b1015 And it is just not L
UISGUTIE´RREZ , but my friend and ally, J
OECROWLEY . We will be together today at a rally at Freedom Plaza at 1:30 here in Wash-ington, D.C., and J
OEand I will have other Members, including some who signed that letter I talked about and got the ball rolling. Because do you know what? We can-not sit back and let our government systematically ruin the lives of fami-lies and scar children for life. When we said ‘‘never again,’’ we meant it. Never again, and that means right here in the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter to the Cabinet Secretary, signed by 11 Democrats, demanding that answers be placed in the R
ECORD . 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. K
IRSTJEN M. N IELSEN , Secretary of Homeland Security, Washington, DC. Hon. J
EFFSESSIONS , Attorney General of the United States, U.S. De-partment of Justice, Washington, DC. Hon. A
LEXM. A ZARII, Secretary, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Washington, DC. D
EARSECRETARY NIELSEN , ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL SESSIONS , AND SECRETARY AZAR: We write to express our strong and emphatic op-position to the recently announced decision to prosecute migrants and asylum-seekers, which is a reprehensible action that violates U.S. treaty obligations, due process, and the law. The consequence of this policy is that children are routinely taken from their par-ents, with tragic results. There are wide-spread reports of more than 11,000 migrant children already in custody of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services (HHS). and hundreds of children—nearly half young-er than 12 years old detained in Border Pa-trol stations when the law requires they be transferred within 72 hours to HHS. Serious and legitimate concerns have been raised about the deep trauma such separations cause these children, the questionable condi-tions in which they are being held and the absolute absence of a plan to reunite these children with their parents and families. Separating families by force and punishing children and their families who are fleeing for their lives is immoral, unnecessarily cruel, and violates every science-based child welfare principle to act in the best interests of the child. We refuse to stand by while you systematically harm and traumatize thou-sands of children. Therefore, we call on the Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security to cease and desist with your so-called ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ policy and demand that HHS immediately begin re-uniting these separated children with their parents. We also insist that you share with us the locations where you are holding these children and allow us and other Members of Congress to visit these locations and check on the conditions and welfare of the chil-dren. Given the severity of the situation, an im-mediate response is appropriate. We ask that you respond to us with your plan to meet these requests by 12 noon on Tuesday, June 12th. Members of Congress stand ready to take action if these issues are not addressed promptly. Morality and human decency dic-tate that you reverse these policies and take immediate actions to end the harm you are causing to the children you wrenched from their parents and took into your custody. Sincerely, Joseph Crowley, John Lewis, Luis V. Gutie´rrez, Wm. Lacy Clay, Pramila Jayapal, Judy Chu, Jan Schakowsky, Rau´l M. Grijalva, Adriano Espaillat, Barbara Lee, Al Green, Members of Congress. f HEROIN AND SYNTHETIC DRUG EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, as the House considers legisla-tion to address a heroin and synthetic drug epidemic plaguing our country, to honor the memories of two young peo-ple from my district: Morgan Brittany Axe, who died from a heroin overdose more than 2
1⁄2years ago, and Victor Or-lando Woolson, who drowned after using synthetic drugs that he bought over the counter almost 6 years ago. Morgan and Victor and so many oth-ers were touched by this terrible epi-demic. Morgan and Victor were both active members of our community and touched the lives of every person they interacted with. Before she passed away, Morgan worked at the Dewitt Animal Hospital and treated sick and injured animals on a daily basis. Victor was a high- achieving graduate of Mexico High School and was enrolled in Cayuga Community College, where he studied criminal justice and psychology. Drug addiction is a terrible disease. Morgan became addicted to Xanax after the suicide of her boyfriend. She was just 17 years old at the time. Mor-gan became dependent on Xanax and needed it to function on a daily basis. She then progressed to other pills in order to numb her pain. After a long battle with heroin and prescription painkillers, Morgan found the strength of sobriety for 8 months and was on the drug Vivitrol. Vivitrol magically makes it impossible for ad-dicts to get high on heroin or pain-killers. After she found out that she was pregnant, Morgan went off Vivitrol be-cause she did not want it to harm her child. Unfortunately, post-acute with-drawal set in, and Morgan relapsed. Morgan did not have to drive to a drug house on Syracuse’s west side to buy the bag of heroin that killed her. Instead, a career drug dealer delivered it to her house in Fairmount after ca-joling her to use it. After doing one bag of heroin, Deanna Axe found her daughter lifeless in her bedroom. Morgan overdosed and died, and her unborn child, Isaiah Douglas Lee Mathis, died with her. Morgan’s drug dealer, Anthony Vita, was federally prosecuted and is now in prison for the next 15 years. However, Vita being in prison where he belongs, will never bring Morgan back. Victor Woolson was your average happy-go-lucky teenager who had many friends. He was not only a loyal friend but a loving brother, uncle, and grandson. Victor graduated Mexico High School with an advanced regents diploma and had 4 years in the Marine Corps Junior ROTC program. In col-lege, Victor was contemplating a ca-reer in law enforcement while attend-ing Cayuga Community College. While attending community college, Victor began experimenting with syn-thetic drugs that he was able to pur-chase legally over the counter. Because he could buy these substances over the counter, Victor assumed these illicit substances were safe. They were not. At the young age of 19, Victor went into a shop, bought a packet of K2/ Spice over the counter at a head shop in Oswego, New York, suffered a fatal reaction from smoking that synthetic marijuana, and drowned in Lake On-tario. After Victor’s tragic death, his moth-er, Teresa channeled her sadness and anger into advocacy and founded the Victor Orlando Woolson Foundation, or the VOW Foundation for short, which advocates for stronger legislation against synthetic drugs and assists in-dividuals and organizations in pro-viding services for mentally ill, home-less, and low-income youth in Oswego County. It has been my honor to fight along-side Teresa, and this year I invited her to be my guest at the State of the Union in order to highlight the need to address and combat the use of syn-thetic drugs. I am proud to fight in memory of Morgan and Victor and so many others, and in this Congress I introduced the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, or SITSA for short. The SITSA Act modernizes the Con-trolled Substances Act by speeding up the process of placing synthetic drugs on the controlled substances list. Under current law, drug producers often make minor tweaks to legal sub-stances that mimic the effects of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.004 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5100 June 13, 2018 
banned drugs and use this loophole to prevent law enforcement from remov-ing these drugs from circulation. In addition, the SITSA Act outlaws 13 synthetic fentynals that have been identified by the Drug Enforcement Administration as an immediate threat to public health. Together, by passing this legislation, we can prevent synthetic drugs from, one, being imported into this country; two, being routinely mixed with heroin in fatal doses; and, three, being sold over the counter in head shops and bodegas throughout this country. These efforts can’t bring Victor Or-lando Woolson back. They can’t bring Morgan Brittany Axe back and so many others from our district and our country, but this is a start in the right direction to stop this terrible epidemic. Every hour in this country, five peo-ple die from heroin overdose—every hour, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 52 weeks a year. We have got to stop it. We have got to keep pushing. I am proud to be part of the legisla-tion, and I am proud that the Congress is acting in such a meaningful manner. 
f 
AMERICA MUST REMAIN A SAFE HAVEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration and its attacks on families seeking asylum are in full force. The Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, just announced this week that victims of domestic violence and gang violence will no longer qualify for asylum here in the United States. Victims of domes-tic violence and victims of gang vio-lence will no longer be eligible for asy-lum, refuge, here in the United States. This isn’t about going after the per-petrators. What the Attorney General is doing is targeting the victims—not the perpetrators, but the victims—of domestic violence and of gang violence. Meanwhile, the administration con-tinues to engage in the sickening pol-icy of taking children, babies, away from their mothers and their fathers, just like this woman from Guatemala. Mr. Speaker, this is an ugly hour for our Nation, uglier than we have seen in a very, very long time. As a father my-self, my heart aches when I hear the stories of toddlers screaming for their parents who are sitting in a cell within earshot. If that isn’t psychological tor-ture, I don’t know what is. The stories my colleagues have re-counted from the visits to detention centers are simply gut-wrenching. Any one of my Republican colleagues who supports these abominable policies should be ashamed. Put yourself in the shoes of these people. They have just ventured hun-dreds, if not thousands, of miles to save their lives and to save the lives of their children. They have left everything they have known behind; every person they have left behind because it is no longer safe to stay there. They arrive in the world’s greatest nation seeking refuge and asylum and turn to American authorities, will-ingly, and apply for that asylum. And what happens? Their children are ripped from their arms screaming and crying, all because they tried to save their children from a treacherous fate. The Republican Party used to stand for and talk a lot about family values. Republicans of all stripes would tout it over and over again: family values, family values, family values. There is no value in ripping a child from the arms of their mother. It is in-humane. There is no value in keeping children alone in a steel cage without the love of their family. It is cruel. There is no value in traumatizing children who cannot fend for them-selves. It is torture. My colleagues, America is asking, the world is asking: Where are your family values now? Where is your out-rage? Where is your compassion? Where is your courage? They don’t need to do this to these families. And don’t let them fool you: the law does not require this, not one bit. This is a choice that is being made by Presi-dent Trump—not the law, a choice— and it must stop. America must be on the side of children and families. Amer-ica must remain a safe haven for those seeking safety and refuge. Last week, 10 of my colleagues and I sent a letter to the Department of Homeland Security and other agencies on this reprehensible action. We called on them to cease and desist with their so-called zero-tolerance policy and re-unite separated parents and mothers with their children. We made very clear that we expected an immediate response; and surprise, we have gotten no response. They have offered no response to how cruel they are being, no response to the harm that they are causing to these children. So I will stand in solidarity with these families. I will stand in soli-darity with those fleeing violence and seeking asylum. I will stand up and I will shout out against these agencies until they recognize that these prac-tices are unacceptable. Democrats will keep fighting until the disgusting practice of taking chil-dren away from their mothers ends. 
f 
RECOGNIZING VINCENT GONZALEZ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a member of our community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who was recently hon-ored as a Red Cross hero. Last New Year’s Eve, Vincent Gon-zalez of Levittown sprang into action following a serious accident in which an impaired driver crashed his vehicle into the home of his neighbors Jim and Mary Albright. Vincent provided immediate assist-ance to Jim, who was seriously injured and was bleeding heavily from a sus-tained head wound. For the rest of that night, Vincent comforted Mary, who had to face the devastating reality of an injured hus-band, a damaged home, and the death of the family’s beloved yellow lab be-cause of this horrific incident. Today, Jim, who is fully recovered, refers to Vincent as his and Mary’s ‘‘guardian angel.’’ I would like to honor Vincent for his quick thinking and selfless actions. I encourage all of my constituents to follow his lead and to look out for each other in times of crisis. RECOGNIZING LOGAN KILLEEN  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize a heroic young man who is already teaching our com-munity in Bucks County, Pennsyl-vania, the values of respect and com-passion. Logan Killeen of Fairless Hills was born with Treacher Collins syndrome, a rare disorder which affects facial bones and structure. Recently, Logan has un-dergone several surgeries to alleviate his condition, and he often wears a headband to assist with his hearing. In the fall, Logan will be starting kindergarten at Oxford Valley Elemen-tary School. That school recently held an assembly in his honor to teach fel-low students that, even though Logan may look different than they do, he is just like them. I commend Logan for his bravery, and I also commend Oxford Valley Ele-mentary School as well. I want to com-mend both for their willingness to spread kindness to their peers and to our community. I would also like to recognize Logan’s parents, Matt and Nicole Killeen, for raising such a fine young man and for all that they do for individuals facing this challenge. 
f 
b1030 GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today yet again because Congress continues to do nothing as Americans die from the scourge of gun violence. It is just over 2 years from the trag-edy at Pulse nightclub that claimed 49 lives and changed hundreds of lives for-ward; 1 year since mass shootings in Baltimore, Maryland, and University City, Missouri, that claimed 2 lives and wounded 6 others; nearly 1 year since the Republican majority whip was shot just a few miles from here preparing for the annual Congressional Baseball Game; and I will add, this past week-end, 9 more wounded in Chicago and over 30 shot. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.006 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5101 June 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, what are we doing? How can we let this continue? We have school shootings almost weekly. People are dying in their homes, in movie theaters, and in city parks; yet this House, this Republican majority, does nothing. How much longer will we allow our children and loved ones to be terrorized before we take action? Mr. Speaker, here are the names of some of the Americans that this House, this Republican majority, have failed: Patricia Carney; Jimmie Caruthers; Kriemhild Davis; Lieutenant Colonel Steven Dody; Al Gratia; Ursula Gratia; Debra Gray; Dr. Michael Griffith; Venice Henehan; Clodine Humphrey; Sylvia King; Zona Lynn; Connie Peterson; Ruth Pujol; Su-Zann Rashott; John Romero, Jr.; Thomas Simmons; Glen Arval Spivey; Nancy Stansbury; Olgica Taylor; James Welsh; Lula Welsh; Juanita Williams; Meredith Hight; Anthony Cross; Olivia Deffner; James Dunlop; Darryl Hawkins; Rion Morgan; Myah Bass; Caleb Edwards; Cassie Bernall; Steven Curnow; Corey DePooter; Kelly Fleming; Matthew Ketcher; Daniel Mauser; Daniel Rohrbough; William David Sanders; Rachel Scott; Isaiah Shoels; John Robert Tomlin; Lauren Townsend; Kyle Velasquez; Lieutenant Brian Murphy; Madison Finch; Claire Van Landingham; Samuel Rosales; Lonnie Hutcherson; Trennis Milam; Lonnie Rucker; Lazerrek T. Ellis; Deshawn D. James; Joseph Graves; Brianna Jenkins; Ciara Philumalee; Ky’yon Evans; Davion Funches; Eric Garth; Ben Wilson; Gloria McKie; Catherine Cole; Melinda Estes Glenn; Dawn E. Hearn; Sandra K. Posey; Davetta Roseboro; Barbara Grate; Joan Simon; Rhonda Fleming; Connie Waldrop; Nicole S. Thorpe; Novena Mathis; Cody B. Oller; Cory Lee Channon; Anthony Reed; Antoinette Heyward; Mary Kathleen Ard; Courtney Taylor; Kim Sophia Sanders; Leticia Shivers Brown. Mr. Speaker, I include the names of 250 additional gun violence victims into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . These are the names of 250 Americans this Congress has failed: 
PARKLAND SHOOTING VICTIMS (34)  Alyssa Alhadeff; Scott Beigel; Martin Duque; Nicholas Dworet; Aaron Feis; Jaime Guttenberg; Chris Hixon; Luke Hoyer; Cara Loughran; Gina Montalto; Joaquin Oliver; Alaina Petty; Meadow Pollack; Helena Ramsay; Alex Schachter; Carmen Schentrup; Peter Wang. Samantha Fuentes; Daniela Menescal; Alexander Dworet; Isabel Chequer; Stacey Lynn Lippel; Madeleine Wilford; Anthony Borges; Kyle Laman; Samantha Grady; Ash-ley Baez; Justin Colton; Marian Kabachenko; Kheshava Managapuram; Samantha Mayor; William Olson; Genesis Valentin; Benjamin Wikander. 
SANTA FE HIGH SCHOOL SHOOTING (10)  Jared Conard Black; Shana Fisher; Chris-tian Riley Garcia; Aaron Kyle McLeod; Glen-da Anne Perkins; Angelique Ramirez; Sabika Sheikh; Christopher Stone; Cynthia Tisdale; Kimberly Vaughan. 
SANDY HOOK SHOOTING VICTIMS (27)  Charlotte Bacon; Daniel Barden; Rachel Davino; Olivia Engel; Josephine Gay; Ana M. Marquez-Greene; Dylan Hockley; Dawn Hochsprung; Madeleine F. Hsu; Catherine V. Hubbard; Chase Kowalski; Jesse Lewis; James Mattioli; Grace McDonnell; Anne Marie Murphy; Emilie Parker; Jack Pinto; Noah Pozner; Caroline Previdi; Jessica Rekos; Avielle Richman; Lauren Rousseau; Mary Sherlach; Victoria Soto; Benjamin Wheeler; Allison N. Wyatt; Nancy Lanza. 
CHICAGO YOUNG GUN VIOLENCE VICTIMS 2018 (15)  Malaysia Woodard; Damarcus Wilson; Larenzo Smith; Mateo Nathan Aguayo; Jose Aguilar; Joseph Smith; Jaheim Wilson; Mar-tin Duncan; Jazmyne Jeter; David Thomas; Jechon Anderson; Demariah Bridges; Arrie Pitts; Enija Moore; Makayla Evans. 
CHICAGO YOUNG VICTIMS (50)  Malik Mcneese; Diabolique Anderson; Bruce Owens; Willie Woodus; Clavonte Eubanks; Kanari Gentry-Bowers; Takiya Holmes; Lavontay White Jr.; Laquan Allen; Darmayah Smith; Alexis Stubbs; Corey Hill; Jacquez Mack; Daishawn Moore; Alandis Al-lison; Rayshon D. Price Jr.; Jesus Escobar; Xavier Soto; Kahari Stovall; Diego Villada; Demonis Johnson; Julio Cesar Garcia-Lara; Mishawn Green; Jazebel Aleman; Jaquarius Davis. Deshawn Martin; Jose Mendoza; Gustavo Garcia; Alex Gonzales; Hector Lopez Trevino; Dwayne Franklin; Keziah Shealy; Asante Glover; Daishawn Moore; Dakayla Hart; Theotis Luckett; Elijah Johnson; Alex-ander Gonzales; Lan’Phoray Morris; Tyree Wise; Charlie Lawrence; Eshunte Mayfield; Jeyson Gonzalez; Michael D. Hickingbottom; Melvin James Jr.; Antwon Green; Kejuan Thomas; Damien Santoyo; Brian Jasso; Clavont Eubanks. VA TECH SHOOTING (32)  Ross Abdallah Alameddine; Brian Bluhm; Austin Cloyd; Kevin Granata; Caitlin Hammaren; Christopher James Bishop; Ryan Clark; Jocelyne Couture Nowak; Matthew G. Gwaltney; Jeremy Herbstritt; Rachel Eliza-beth Hill; Emily Hilscher; Jarrett Lane; Mat-thew J. La Porte; Henry Lee; Liviu Librescu. G.V. Loganathan; Partahi Lumbantoruan; Lauren McCain; Daniel O’Neil; Juan Ramon Ortiz; Minal Panchal; Erin Peterson; Daniel Perez Cueva; Mike Pohle; Julia Pryde; Mary Read; Reema Samaha; Waleed Shaalan; Les-lie Sherman; Maxine Turner; Nicole White. 
AURORA MOVIE THEATER SHOOTING IN  
COLORADO (82)  Jessica N. Ghawi; Micayla C. Medek; John T. Larimer; Alex M. Sullivan; Alexander J. Boik; Gordon W. Cowden; Alexander C. Teves; Matthew R. McQuinn; Jonathan T. Blunk; Jesse E. Childress; Rebecca Ann Wingo; Veronica Moser-Sullivan; Petra An-derson; Adan Avila; Jennifer Avila- Arredondo; Brandon Axelrod; Kaylin Bailey; Stephen Barton; Toni Billapando; Christina Blache. Kelly Bowen; Jarrell Brooks; Maria Carbonell; Alejandra Cardona-; Shirley Clark; Corbin Dates; Kirstin Davis; Lauren Ellis; Craig Enlund; Alex Espinoza; Evan Farris; Jacqueline Fry; Nickelas Gallup; Yousef Gharbi; Zackary Golditch; Munirah Gravelly; Eugene Han; Gage Hankins; Hailee Hensley; Amanda Hernandez-Menije. Mckayla Hicks; Richelle Hill; Nathan Juranek; Jasmine Kennedy; Marcus Kizzar; Patricia Legarreta; Kelly Lewis; Brenton Lowak; Ryan Lumba; Caleb Medley; Katie Medley; Anggiat Mora; Evan Morrison; Ash-ley Moser; Stefan Moton; Victor Nava; Josh-ua Nowlan; Pierce O’Farrill; Prodeo Patria; Rita Polina. Caitlin Peddicord; Bonnie Pourciau; Chris-topher Rapoza; Carli Richards; Ethan Rohrs; Jamie Rohrs; Dion Roseborough; Carey Rottman; Lucas Smith; Heather Snyder; Farrah Soudani; Catherine Streib; Daybra Thomas-Kizzar; Jamison Toews; Denise Traynom-Axelrod; Marcus Weaver; Michael White, Jr.; David Williams; Alleen Young; Jansen Young; Samantha Yowler. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. It is sad that it took me too little time to find the names of 250 Americans killed by gun violence, sad because we could save lives but refuse to do so. We could save other families from enduring this trau-ma and pain if the majority could find the courage to put American lives be-fore NRA checks and Big Gun lobbies. 
f 
CONGRATULATING KENT BRAITHWAITE ON HIS RETIRE-MENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Kent Braithwaite on his retirement after 39 years of serv-ice as a teacher, counselor, and role model for the students of Coachella Valley High School. During his tenure, Mr. Braithwaite has left an indelible impression on countless students. As a social studies and English teacher, an adviser, and a mentor, he has helped countless stu-dents prepare for and pursue a college education. More importantly, he in-stilled in his students a lifelong love of learning. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.009 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5102 June 13, 2018 
Many years ago, I was one of those students in Mr. Braithwaite’s English class. I like to think I tried my best in every class, but Mr. Braithwaite was the kind of teacher who not only taught, but inspired his students to work even harder. He challenged my classmates and me every day, pushing us to write clearly, read carefully, and question the beliefs and assumptions we brought to his classroom. In the Coachella Valley, the region I grew up in and have the privilege to represent, there are still far too many young people who drop out of high school before they can graduate or pur-sue a higher education. Teachers like Mr. Braithwaite are helping to show these students that they can achieve their dreams by pursuing their edu-cation. During his nearly four decades of teaching, Mr. Braithwaite has served his fellow teachers and the Coachella Valley Unified School District in var-ious leadership positions and received prestigious recognitions from the Cali-fornia State Assembly, the House of Representatives, and many local advo-cacy organizations for his excellence in teaching. Most importantly, he has the gratitude of thousands of Coachella Valley High School alumni. Mr. Braithwaite is joining his wife and fellow teacher, Jennifer Braithwaite, for a well-earned retire-ment. Over her 38-year career, Mrs. Braithwaite invited Holocaust sur-vivors and Vietnam veterans to speak to her classes, gave out scholarships to her students, and helped bring the Ad-vanced Placement program to Coachella Valley High School. Like her husband, Mrs. Braithwaite has always gone above and beyond to serve her students. On behalf of all the students whose lives Mr. and Mrs. Braithwaite have touched, I would like to offer my sin-cerest thanks and congratulate them both on their inspiring and meaningful careers. 
CONGRATULATING RAFAEL BARBOZA ON HIS  
RETIREMENT  
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Rafael Barboza on his retirement after more than 30 years of service as a guidance counselor for the students of Coachella Valley High School. For more than 30 years, Mr. Barboza has spearheaded Coachella Valley High School’s efforts to make attending col-lege a reality, leading college applica-tion workshops and connecting stu-dents with financial aid and scholar-ship opportunities. He has influenced countless students’ lives, and our en-tire community is grateful for his dedi-cation and commitment to the next generation of leaders. When I was a student at Coachella Valley High School, my goal was to one day attend medical school and be-come a doctor. That dream often felt very far away, and at times I wondered whether it might come true. If it wasn’t for the support and encourage-ment of my teachers and counselors, especially Mr. Barboza, I do not know whether I would have achieved my life-long dream of becoming a physician. Mr. Barboza was my guidance coun-selor and mentor, as he has been for thousands of students over the years. Few people have had such a positive impact on my life. Mr. Barboza drove me to become a better student and a better person. He taught me the value of hard work, integrity, and persever-ance. Like me, many students in my con-gressional district aspire to pursue a higher education but often struggle to afford the application fees, tuition, textbooks, and many other expenses. When the time came for me to apply for college and money was tight at home, Mr. Barboza paid for my applica-tion, as I am sure he has done for oth-ers. Without his generosity, the first step in my journey towards becoming a doctor would never have been possible. Mr. Barboza has also lent his voice to local and national conversations about the rising cost of higher education. As someone on the front lines of our pub-lic school system, I hope he will con-tinue to enrich this discussion with his insights. In recognition of the positive impact he has had on my life and the lives of countless students and alumni of Coachella Valley High School, it was my privilege to host Mr. Barboza as my guest for President Barack Obama’s 2015 State of the Union Address. Now, on the eve of his retirement, I am hon-ored to congratulate my counselor and mentor, Mr. Rafael Barboza, on his well-earned retirement and wish him health and happiness in this new chap-ter of life. f 
WE ARE OUR BROTHER’S KEEPER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I am proud to stand in the well of the House, I am proud to be an Amer-ican, and I am proud to say that today I rise because I believe that separating children from their parents because they are fleeing violence is antithetical to American values. Mr. Speaker, I rise because I do not believe that this is consistent with the golden rule and that this is not doing unto others as we would have them do unto us if we were similarly situated. I rise because I believe that this is not what the good Samaritan would do. The Good Samaritan not only provided immediate aid and comfort, but also took the person who had been harmed to a place where that person could re-ceive additional aid and comfort and went so far as to say: I am leaving this amount with you. If this is not enough, I will come back, and I will give you more. This is antithetical to our values. Separating children from their parents, be it mother or father, is still a separa-tion of a child from the person whom the child has grown to believe will be there to protect him or her. This is antithetical to what we be-lieve in. It is antithetical to the notion that we are our brother’s keeper, that we look out for others; that there is but one race, and it is the human race; and that all of God’s creation was meant to live in harmony as it relates to humans. Mr. Speaker, this is not being one’s brother’s keeper. You cannot be your brother’s keeper without keeping your brother. We have become a country who would like to see those who are in harm’s way helped—but by someone else. If you are fleeing violence in Syria, let’s make sure that someone else can help you. Mr. Jose Escobar, my constituent, was fleeing violence. He was brought up from El Salvador by his mother, trying to save her son, and now he has found himself separated from his wife and his two children with $20 in his pocket and sent back to El Salvador. I went there to see him. I know of what I speak. Mr. Speaker, this is antithetical to our values, and it is detrimental to our existence as a great nation. It is time for us to take a stand and demand that this administration that can find rea-son to criticize football players, that can find reason to say there were some fine people among those in Charlottes-ville, and that can find reason to call women names, it is time for this ad-ministration and this President to end this antithetical policy as it relates to American values. I proudly stand here as a proud American. f 
THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to speak out for the millions of American families who have been impacted by the opioid epi-demic. Every day we hear another story of parents who have lost their child to a heroin overdose or of young children who are left behind without care as their parents struggle with addiction. In Alabama, which has the highest rate of opioid prescription use in this Nation, residents average 1.2 prescrip-tions per person. Mr. Speaker, this epidemic doesn’t discriminate by age or income or gen-der. The opioid epidemic has taken from families of every background. Now, more than ever, these victims need our help. It is our job to help them find treatment not as criminals, but as patients in need of care. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that we are finally seeing as a society that ad-diction is not something to be criminalized but, rather, addiction is, indeed, a public health crisis. It is not a crime. It is a chronic neurological 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.010 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5103 June 13, 2018 
disorder, and it does make sense for us to find help for those who need it and not to put them in jail. Unfortunately, during the 1980s and 1990s during the crack addiction, we criminalized that addiction and de-stroyed so many families, many of whom are in my district. But, Mr. Speaker, I am glad that we see that the opioid epidemic is, indeed, a public health crisis. I am equally glad that, Mr. Speaker, we are finally working in a bipartisan way to actually find the needed help that these families need in order to break such addictions. Today I am glad to see that Repub-licans and Democrats working together in Congress are trying to solve the opioid epidemic and to help those in need. At a time when Congress is strug-gling with partisan gridlock, I am glad and happy to see that this week has been declared by my Republican col-leagues as Opioid Week, where we will talk about bipartisan bills in order to solve this crisis. I am proud to have introduced bipar-tisan legislation with Republican Con-gressman P
ETER ROSKAM . Our bill, the Preventing Addiction for Susceptible Seniors Act, helps prevent abuse among seniors without limiting access to needed medication. For an at-risk senior, our legislation requires part D to create a lock-in plan that prevents patients from doctor shopping. Our legislation would also streamline communications between CMS and part C and part D plans re-garding program integrity. Mr. Speaker, bipartisan solutions like these are a step forward in our work to solve the opioid crisis. I look forward to my bill with Mr. R
OSKAM  coming before this body next week. I truly believe that we have the power to end this epidemic. I have heard reports from Alabama groups that our poison control center is getting fewer calls about opioid emergencies. A new study shows that the opioid prescription rate in Alabama has finally begun to decrease. b1045 States have implemented prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs that have proven successful, and many phar-macists have limited opioid prescrip-tions to 7 days. If we are going to put a stop to the opioid crisis, we need to collaborate with every stakeholder. We also need to make sure that our societal safety net is working effectively to give a path out of addiction, rather than let-ting them fall through the cracks. I want to take a moment to share a story about a person in my district, Jessica, a constituent from Alabama. Jessica was a victim of parental abuse as a child. She was introduced to opioids by a doctor for a sports injury in high school. By 17, she was crushing and snorting pills. She received 330 pills a month. Jessica had three children and lost custody of all three at different points. She started using heroin after losing custody of her youngest son. Then her brother died of a heroin overdose. I share this story because I believe Jessica’s story speaks to the financial stresses that working-class Americans recovering from addiction feel every day. Now in recovery, Jessica works 10- hour night shifts at Burger King. Given the hours she works, Jessica falls into our State’s Medicaid gap. She doesn’t qualify to receive Medicaid, so she doesn’t have health insurance. Jessica has been clean for over a year. But, Mr. Speaker, because she doesn’t have health insurance, this makes her addiction problem and fight-ing it much harder. The bills that we are considering this week and next week are a step toward this. There are no silver bullets. But, Mr. Speaker, I do believe that we as a body can help to address this horrible epidemic. I am glad that we are finally seeing that addiction is not criminal, but rather a public health crisis, and we are seeking to solve it. f 
OPIOID CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House is considering a number of bills relating to the opioid public health epidemic. I serve on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and over the past year, our committee has heard from experts. We have had numerous hearings on all fac-ets of the opioid crisis. We have gath-ered facts, listened to witnesses, in-cluding those struggling with addic-tion; doctors; providers; the Drug En-forcement Agency; and more. Plus, many families and experts back home have informed us and encouraged the Congress to act. Last year, one loving father in my home district in Tampa, Florida, came to meet with me to share his experi-ence. He said: 
Our son has been an addict for the last 5 years. During that time, our family has dis-covered how impotent the healthcare sys-tem, government system, insurance compa-nies, criminal justice system, and our family have been to combat this disease. Prior to our personal experience, we were like most Americans who believed this was not our problem, but we were saddened by those who experienced the crisis. In addition, we cannot believe how futile and limited our resources and efforts to help our son over-come this illness have been. We still believe, although to a lesser de-gree, that the people afflicted with this ill-ness still hold the key to unlocking their own happiness to managing this illness. However, what is abundantly clear now is that the resources necessary to provide even a remote chance for addicts to achieve tem-porary or permanent remission must be sub-stantially increased. We have invested, per-sonally, over $100,000 trying to help our son. 
His remarks echo what we heard from experts all across the board in our committee, like Dr. Andrew Kolodny, director of Opioid Policy Research at Brandeis University, who emphasized that treatment has to be expanded ex-ponentially, and it must be easy to ac-cess. ‘‘We have to build a new system in America that does not exist.’’ Democrats have urged our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to join us in truly tackling the crisis. What be-came apparent in committee and what is apparent through these small-ball bills on the floor this week and next week is that Republicans still are not there. They are not willing to ade-quately address this public health cri-sis. We need a robust, long-term solu-tion that truly meets the challenge of the opioid crisis. A consensus has emerged, and it is based upon these devastating facts right now. Over 40,000 people are dying from an opioid overdose every year. In my home State of Florida, we are los-ing about 5,700 people per year to over-dose. That was in 2016. That was a 35 percent increase from the previous year. The CDC says opioid overdoses have quadrupled since 1999. Only 10 to 15 per-cent of Americans suffering from opioid addiction are currently receiv-ing treatment. Those numbers cry out for a mean-ingful, comprehensive approach. But our Republican colleagues have failed to get there with us. We have been through this before. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, we were struggling with the HIV/AIDS public health epidemic. For many years, the Congress was criticized for not ade-quately addressing the crisis. There was a harmful stigma involved, just like there is for opioid addiction. But by the early 1990s, the Congress came together and adopted the Ryan White CARE Act that provided re-sources all across the country in a con-sistent fashion and provided funds to local communities and local nonprofits to help us. The death rate from HIV/ AIDS is dramatically less. This is what we have to do when it comes to opioids: provide that com-prehensive, long-term solution that simply isn’t being demonstrated in these small-ball, little bills that are nibbling around the edges. Mr. Speaker, at the same time, it is very difficult to be proactive in a meaningful way on the opioid crisis when Republicans and the White House continue to drag us backward when it comes to affordable healthcare. Just last week, the Trump adminis-tration and the GOP launched a new attack on Americans with preexisting conditions like opioid addiction. They asked a Federal court to strike down the Affordable Care Act preexisting condition protection. That is the bed-rock protection contained in the Af-fordable Care Act that says, if you have a cancer diagnosis, Alzheimer’s, or heart disease, an insurance company cannot deny you coverage, and they cannot charge you exorbitant rates. The GOP has never really been for that protection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.011 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5104 June 13, 2018 
How are we going to adequately ad-dress the opioid addiction crisis when they want to tear away affordable healthcare, including the protection on preexisting conditions? We need a robust solution here, a comprehensive solution. Otherwise, this is simply nibbling around the edges. 
f 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH NORTH KOREA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the negotiations with North Korea. I do so in my role as the rank-ing member of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. I point out that, just a month ago, I joined with the chairman of that sub-committee, Mr. Y
OHO, in sending a let-ter to the President saying we now need tougher sanctions on North Korea. In particular, we need to make it clear to the large banks in China that they can no longer do business with North Korea. We had our foot on the neck of Kim Jong-un. We needed to press it down a little harder to get the concessions that we need. Instead, we have a lifting of the efforts. Instead of ratcheting our sanctions up, we are going to relax them. The word is out to businesses and banks in China: You can do a little bit more today and a little bit more after that. This is a giant victory for Kim Jong- un. The negotiations will go forward, but those negotiations will go forward with Kim Jong-un being able to breathe because we no longer have our foot on his neck. Four hours ago, the President tweeted: ‘‘There is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea.’’ He might as well have smiled with Kim Jong-un and said: ‘‘Peace in our time.’’ Now, I am not saying that what hap-pened in Singapore is as fraught with danger for the world as was what hap-pened in Munich in 1938, but what hap-pened in Munich will illustrate for us that just because you have a summit with smiles does not mean you are leading toward peace. The President tweeted: ‘‘There is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea.’’ If you believe that, you prob-ably believe that he has been faithful to all three of his wives. We hope that these negotiations lead to real peace. But so far, they have led only to a big win for the person Presi-dent Trump calls ‘‘Little Rocket Man.’’ That is a big win for Little Rocket Man. You see, the President’s most famous book has been reissued. It is now called ‘‘The Art of the Capitulation.’’ How do you exercise the art of the capitulation? You make enormous con-cessions to the other side. You settle for vague platitudes. Then you go on TV and say: This is the best deal ever. Let’s look at the concessions. The President has referred to our military exercises as provocative and indicated that they will be scaled back or elimi-nated. He has given the green light to Chinese business and bankers to do business. He has given Kim Jong-un the prestige of a meeting with the President of the United States, not necessarily our most prestigious Presi-dent, but a President of the United States nevertheless. What have we received in return? A vague statement about denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. But, as far as we know, North Korea doesn’t intend to do that until the entire world is denuclearized. He also has released three American hostages and says he will help us, allow us, to find some of the bodies of our fallen heroes from the Korean war. Those are basic in human civilization. He releases hostages, and for that, we give major concessions. The one concession that we did not get is a halt for even a minute in the creation of fissile material at Yongbyon. There, North Korea, throughout the negotiations and while the President was tweeting, makes more enriched uranium, more pluto-nium, and is building more bombs. That didn’t stop for a minute. So we are told that there has been at least a pause in their testing program. Keep in mind, Russia hasn’t tested a nuclear weapon since 1990. Are we going to say that they don’t have nu-clear weapons capable of reaching the United States and destroying our cit-ies? The fact is, North Korea has proven its nuclear capacity, so they can go a while without testing. They are con-tinuing to make more bombs that they have already tested and proven. We all hope that we reach a peaceful settlement. This has not been a good start. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 58 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
ONAWAY ) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Daniel C. Gunn, St. An-drew’s Episcopal Church and School, New Providence, New Jersey, offered the following prayer: Almighty God, who has given us this good land for our heritage, we humbly beseech You that we may always prove ourselves a people mindful of Your favor and glad to do Your will. Bless our land with honorable indus-try, sound learning, and pure manners. Save us from violence, discord, and confusion; from pride and arrogance; and from every evil way. Defend our liberties, and fashion into one united people the multitudes brought here out of many kindreds and tongues. Endue with the spirit of wisdom those to whom in Your name we en-trust the authority of government, that there may be justice and peace at home, and that, through obedience to Your law, we may show forth Your praise among the nations of the Earth. In the time of prosperity, fill our hearts with thankfulness, and in the day of trouble, suffer not our trust in You to fail; all which we humbly ask in Your most holy name. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ALLEN led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND DR. DANIEL CUBE GUNN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Reverend Dr. Daniel Cube Gunn, who has so elo-quently opened our session in the daily prayer. Father Gunn joins us in the House Chamber from St. Andrew’s Episcopal Church and School in New Providence, New Jersey, a beautiful community in the district I have the honor of serving. Father Gunn’s professional ministry, education, and service to his and my faith of Christianity has spanned sev-eral States and experiences. He grad-uated from Lee College, earned his master’s degree in divinity at the Church of God Theological Seminary and a master’s degree in philosophy at West Chester University in Pennsyl-vania. Father Gunn later completed a master’s degree of sacred theology in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.013 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5105 June 13, 2018 
Anglican theology and ethics at Yale University’s Divinity School. Father Gunn heard the call of min-istry at a young age. During service in Tennessee, he served the Department of Corrections, bringing hope and wis-dom to those incarcerated. He then brought his ministry to St. Luke’s Hos-pital in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, completing a clinical residency where he brought comfort to patients and their families. Father Gunn was ordained to the deaconate and priesthood in 2002, and his assignments brought him to Bronx-ville, New York; Wilkes-Barre, Penn-sylvania; Clarksboro, New Jersey; and Ridgewood, New Jersey. Father Gunn was then named priest-in-charge and superintendent of St. Andrew’s in New Providence, New Jersey. I thank him for his stewardship at St. Andrew’s. Its mission statement gives the church the welcoming mon-iker of ‘‘a big heart, making God’s love known to the world.’’ I thank Father Gunn for being here and for offering our daily prayer. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT’S RE-FUSAL TO PROTECT PATIENTS WITH PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 115 people in America die from opioid overdose every day—115. While we are spending the next 2 weeks passing bipartisan legislation to com-bat the opioid crisis, President Trump’s Department of Justice is abandoning the Affordable Care Act and its popular rule that protects Americans from preexisting conditions like opioid addiction. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, nearly 130 million adults under the age of 65 have preexisting conditions. This action taken by the Justice De-partment is bad policy, and it will do more harm to Texas, which already has the highest population of uninsured in the Nation. In fact, it will add more uncertainty to the Affordable Care Act markets at a time when Americans throughout the country will witness double-digit rate increases for the ACA plans next year. We can’t combat the opioid crisis if we deny treatment and access to care for Americans with substance abuse. I urge my colleagues to do the right thing, speak out, and oppose the huge health insurance premium increases. RECOGNIZING THE ILLINOIS MATH AND SCIENCE ACADEMY, HOST OF THE INTERNATIONAL STU-DENT SCIENCE FAIR (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Aurora’s Illinois Math and Science Academy as the first-ever U.S. host of the International Student Science Fair. This month, 35 STEM schools from 20 countries will focus particularly on ‘‘significantly influencing life on our planet through cooperation and col-laboration.’’ IMSA began with an idea from Fermilab Director Leon Lederman and leadership from its first president, Dr. Stephanie Pace Marshall. Its own mis-sion is to ignite and nurture creative, ethical, scientific minds that advance the human condition. IMSA knows that careers in STEM are not just about learning math and science as isolated individuals. It is about how mastering these subjects as a team can solve problems and improve lives, as I have seen in the high school students that are part of my own STEM Scholars program. IMSA has consistently pushed stu-dents to work together in a commu-nity, propelling their graduates to Sil-icon Valley and beyond. This year’s science fair is in good hands, and I con-gratulate IMSA on this historic achievement. f 
AMERICA’S OPIOID CRISIS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House is voting on bills meant to address the opioid crisis, a crisis facing communities across the country. This crisis deserves our full attention and bipartisan action. Mr. Speaker, 115 peo-ple die every day from overdose. These are real human beings. I think of Katie Lethbridge, from my home community of Brendan Bye, lost to this terrible, terrible addiction, this terrible tragic disease. We need more than just the legisla-tion that is coming before us this week. We need a serious commitment to treatment, to funding treatment, not just with direct funding to ensure that the programs that support treat-ment are in place, but actually making sure that people have healthcare cov-erage that includes coverage for treat-ment. When this House works to undermine the guarantee that people with a pre-existing condition, which could include addiction, if it is taken from them, we are really not living up to the promise that we owe to these folks. 
f 
AMERICA’S OPIOID CRISIS (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, in America today, in every State, in too many families, there is a profound sense of pain, loss, and suffering caused by the horrendous opioid crisis. Unfortunately, my home State of Georgia is not immune to this growing epidemic. Many of my closest friends have lost family members or children, and the question is always: Why? How can this happen? From 1999 to 2014, prescription opioid deaths increased tenfold in Georgia. We saw over 500 deaths in 2015 as a result of opioid abuse. Over the next few weeks, my col-leagues and I in the House of Rep-resentatives are bringing opioid addic-tion out of the shadows and voting on over 50 pieces of legislation to prevent further opioid abuse and assist those currently dealing with addiction. We must take proactive steps to fight opioid addiction and focus on treating the mind, the body, and, most impor-tant in my view, the spirit. The road to recovery may be long and hard-fought, but the American will is as strong as ever and shall prevail. We are at war with drugs, and we must defeat this enemy. I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting the nearly 40 opioid-related bills before this House this week. America needs us. f 
MEDICARE IS THE BEST PUBLIC HEALTHCARE OPTION (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, the Justice Department last week said to a Federal court that it will not defend against efforts to dis-mantle the individual market and pro-tections for preexisting conditions of the healthcare law. Mr. Speaker, the 50 to 64 demo-graphic in America that buys health insurance on the exchanges is about to get clobbered with 30 to 40 percent pre-mium increases and no protection against denial for preexisting condi-tions. The 60 million people between the ages of 50 and 64 need the protec-tion of Medicare now by allowing them to buy into the program to give them medical coverage. Medicare is fully compliant with the Affordable Care Act, and Medicare al-ways covers preexisting conditions. Medicare is the best health care insur-ance, and it is the best public option that already exists. Let’s make that accessible to the people who are age 50 to 64. 
f 
WORLD BLOOD DONOR DAY (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.016 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5106 June 13, 2018 
emphasize the importance of blood do-nation and independent blood centers in America. Blood transfusions help save millions of lives each year. However, blood can-not be manufactured, so our entire na-tional supply depends on the selfless generosity of blood donors. Because do-nated blood is perishable, it has a lim-ited shelf life. It must be continually replenished. Last year, when a shooter attacked the Republican baseball team and hit my friend and roommate, Majority Whip S
TEVE SCALISE , the donors who visited their local blood center in the days prior to the shooting made a cru-cial difference in saving his life. Volun-teer blood donors ensure that patients suffering due to natural disasters, acci-dents, diseases, or acts of violence al-ways will have access to lifesaving blood. This week, in honor of World Blood Donor Day, I want to thank our Na-tion’s blood donors, as well as encour-age others to join the 7 million Ameri-cans who choose to donate blood each year. I also encourage my colleagues to visit their local blood centers to learn more about the continuous need for blood donation and to support their lifesaving work. 
f 
AMERICA’S GROWING HEALTHCARE CRISIS (Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to share with my colleagues the crisis fac-ing families across the country whose fear is growing daily about their healthcare. This week, I took John to the doctor, and so many people stopped us, it ended up being an unscheduled town hall meeting. A 50-year-old woman who had had a stroke last year, who was now walking and talking, scared to death that she would lose her insurance and about what she would do. A mother of an 8-year-old who has ju-venile diabetes crying and saying: What am I going to do? I don’t know how I will afford it, or if her life could even end. There were 10 more stories that morning. This isn’t a war of words. These are real people with real con-sequences, and, for some, it is a matter of life and death. They are depending on all of us. We must come together. So many of my colleagues said: ‘‘We will never go back to the days that people would be denied insurance be-cause of preexisting conditions.’’ Let’s work together to help people who need us. 
f 
OPTIMISM ABOUT THE TRUMP-KIM SUMMIT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, President Donald Trump arrived in Singapore for the his-toric meeting with Kim Jong-un of North Korea, the first-ever meeting be-tween a sitting President and the lead-er of North Korea. I applaud President Donald Trump, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and National Security Advisor John Bolton for their success-ful efforts. This summit was a substantive step forward, but to protect American fami-lies, the United States will continue to insist that North Korea take concrete, verifiable steps toward denuclearization. I remain hopeful that North Korea will commit to regular, unannounced nuclear inspections by both U.N. and American experts, leading to pros-perity for the people of North Korea, as has been achieved phenomenally for the people of South Korea. As one of only two Members of Con-gress who have visited Pyongyang, I am especially grateful that President Trump has maintained his effective foreign policy of peace through strength, without which this summit would have never occurred. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations to State Representa-tive Katie Arrington on the dynamic primary victory yesterday to represent the historic First District of South Carolina. f 
b1215 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , U.S. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 13, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 13, 2018, at 11:13 a.m.: That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 2229. That the Senate agreed to without an amendment H. Con. Res. 111. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
HONORING HUMBERTO LOPEZ (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate my friend, Humberto Lopez, for receiving the Ari-zona Lodging & Tourism Association’s Hotelier of the Year Award this past May. Humberto Lopez rose from humble roots and is the true definition of the American Dream. He provided for his family as a young boy after his father passed away, worked diligently in col-lege at the University of Arizona, and became a CPA. In 1975, he founded HSL Properties, Inc. and Arizona’s tourism industry owes him its thanks for bringing excel-lence in hospitality and service to the outstanding hotels he manages. More importantly though, Humberto Lopez created the H.S. Lopez Family Foundation, which works to improve the quality of life for communities and families across southern Arizona through education, health, and welfare. Humberto Lopez’s work to provide for Arizona and those in need is a testa-ment to the success of the American Dream and the character we need in our citizens. f 
CONGRATULATING TITUSVILLE AREA HOSPITAL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late the Titusville Area Hospital on earning an achievement award from the Hospital & Healthsystem Associa-tion of Pennsylvania for its out-standing efforts to improve healthcare in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The hospital’s entry was titled: ‘‘En-hancing Emergency Care: Because Sec-onds Count in an Emergency,’’ and it was chosen as an Excellence in Care Award winner. Twelve award recipients were selected from 91 total submis-sions. It is a tremendous achievement for CEO Lee Clinton and everyone on the staff at the Titusville Area Hos-pital. The goal was to lower the overall wait time for patients seeking emer-gency care. The hospital began col-lecting data in November 2016. At that point the door-to-doctor wait time was 46 minutes, and today the current aver-age wait time is approximately 21 min-utes. This is below the State and na-tional averages. The progress that has been made dur-ing this time is remarkable. It trans-lates to not only better patient experi-ence, but better care. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly con-gratulate CEO Lee Clinton and every-one at the Titusville Area Hospital on this outstanding achievement. The community is most proud of their ef-forts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.018 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5107 June 13, 2018 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2851, STOP THE IMPOR-TATION AND TRAFFICKING OF SYNTHETIC ANALOGUES ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 5735, TRANSI-TIONAL HOUSING FOR RECOV-ERY IN VIABLE ENVIRONMENTS DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 5788, SECURING THE INTERNATIONAL MAIL AGAINST OPIOIDS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 934 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 934 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2851) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be reg-ulated, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-74. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to estab-lish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals re-covering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. In lieu of the amendments rec-ommended by the Committee on Financial Services now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 115-73. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. SEC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 5788) to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill, the amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, modified by the amendment printed in part D of that report, shall be con-sidered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to re-commit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Colorado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the under-lying legislation. This rule provides for consideration of three bills intended to give our country more necessary tools to tackle the opioid crisis. The three bills this rule makes in order today were all reported favorably by their committees. H.R. 5735, the Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act, was the subject of a hearing by the Committee on Financial Services on April 17 and was reported favorably on May 22 with a bipartisan vote of 34 ‘‘yes’’ votes. H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, was the subject of hearing by the Committee on the Judiciary in June of 2017, and was reported favorably in July of 2017 by a unanimous voice vote. The final bill made in order by this bill is H.R. 5788, the Securing the Inter-national Mail Against Opioids Act, which was reported favorably in May with a unanimous voice vote. Together, these three bills provide the foundation of the House’s legisla-tive response this week to the opioid crisis which is wrecking lives and com-munities across this country. Mr. Speaker, the eastern plains of Colorado has been my home for many decades. I often refer to the area as God’s country. It is full of goodhearted, hardworking people who care for their families and neighbors. Many of these people work the land and provide serv-ices to those who do. They farm, they ranch, they produce energy resources, they transport livestock. And when hardship and disaster strikes, neighbors move heaven and Earth to help each other. They grieve over loss and bear each other’s bur-dens. However, it is not an unfamiliar refrain to hear that in the heart of this God’s country is a disease plaguing our people. All across this land, in rural towns, suburban developments, and urban neighborhoods, abuse of opioids is wrecking people’s lives. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, approximately 64,000 Americans died of a drug overdose in 2016. Of that number, 65 percent, or 42,000 of those deaths, were directly re-lated to the opioid epidemic. That means that every day 115 people die due to opioids. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.021 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5108 June 13, 2018 
While those are astounding numbers, it helps to compare with past figures. In 2000, 8,400 people died due to opioid abuse. These recent numbers indicate a nearly 500 percent increase. That is shocking and sad. Colorado has not been spared from the opioid crisis. In fact, the CDC re-ports that in 2015 alone, Colorado saw 159 heroin overdose deaths in addition to the 259 prescription drug overdoses. This is particularly harmful to my dis-trict, with 8 of the 17 counties in Colo-rado exhibiting the highest overdose death rates being in eastern Colorado. As some of these figures indicate, our opioid crisis is not just prescription drug abuse. While many who are caught in the cycle of abuse began with prescriptions, the availability and ac-cessibility of heroin has perpetuated and intensified the crisis. Most of the heroin on our Nation’s streets comes into the United States through Mexico. It is distributed via cities like Denver in a ruthlessly effi-cient manner. An entire delivery sys-tem is established in which orders can be placed through a central operator, essentially a franchisee of the cartels, who dispatches a delivery driver to the purchaser. b1230 In February of this year, Detective Nick Rogers of the Denver Police De-partment testified before the Judiciary Committee how criminal operations flow north through Mexico and from other places such as Honduras and Nicaragua. Heroin dealers enter our country illegally with fake identifica-tion from Mexico and establish these distribution networks in neighbor-hoods. In the past, our law enforcement offi-cers were able to apprehend these criminals and have them deported. Re-cently, however, local government policies have been having a negative impact on these police operations. Places like Denver have instituted so- called sanctuary policies that prohibit local law enforcement from working with Federal immigration authorities. The effect has been that law enforce-ment officers, such as Detective Rog-ers, apprehend the same drug dealers over and over and over again. They are prohibited from contacting Federal im-migration officers to help control this scourge. This is confounding to many of us. We should be facing this crisis using every tool at our disposal. We could continue discussing at length how sanctuary policies—while well-intentioned and sounding humani-tarian—are having a profoundly nega-tive impact in relation to opioid abuse. But there is other work that needs to be done to stand in the gap against this onslaught of bad actors. Mr. Speaker, in 2016 Congress passed and the President signed into law the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act, or CARA. CARA was the most comprehensive addiction treatment legislation passed by the Federal Gov-ernment in several decades. It coordi-nated Federal response with State and local efforts to prevent, treat, help re-cover, and provide justice to those who are suffering under the impacts of opioid abuse. While that bill was a good step, the bills before us today continue to orga-nize Federal efforts to meet this public health and legal crisis. The first two bills deal with a gap in Federal law that has been exposed by this crisis and exploited by inter-national crime organizations. That gap is synthetic drugs. According to the Drug Enforcement Agency, there are more than 300 known designer syn-thetic drugs, and this number grows with each passing year. The gap in Federal law occurs be-cause the Controlled Substances Act was not designed to deal with the ever- changing compounds that have re-sulted in more than 300 synthetic drugs. It currently takes us about 3 years to complete the process of plac-ing a substance on the banned sub-stance list. If we attempted to ban each drug as it was discovered, in the time it would take for our government to complete its action, criminal gangs would simply change the molecular structure just enough to avoid our laws, and we would be forced to start the process over again. Because of this scenario, H.R. 2851 sets up a streamlined process for tem-porarily placing a synthetic drug on the illegal list. This will empower the Attorney General to respond quickly to criminal drug manufacturers in China and Mexico who work continuously to stay ahead of our drug laws. Not only do we work to streamline the process of banning a substance in the United States, we also are working to prevent substances from reaching our shores in the first place. H.R. 5788 requires the Postal Service to obtain advance electronic data on international mail shipments and transmit this data to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or CBP. Under cur-rent law, private shippers, including express delivery carriers, are required to collect and submit this same infor-mation to CBP. Because current law does not require this information of the United States Postal Service, we have a significant vulnerability that allows criminal operations to ship syn-thetics and other contraband directly to the United States with relative ease. This legislation simply closes a loop-hole by extending the requirement to the United States Postal Service. The data collected will allow CBP to target high-risk shipments, particularly ship-ments containing synthetics, for in-spection and possible seizure. The first two bills deal with bad ac-tors overseas. The final bill attempts to help those afflicted by opioid abuse transition back to normal life. H.R. 5735 creates a pilot program in which a portion of existing housing vouchers are set aside for transitional housing for those who are undergoing opioid use disorder or other substance abuse disorder recovery. In March of 2017, President Trump es-tablished a commission to strategize on how to combat drug addiction and opioid abuse. The final report of that commission said: ‘‘There is a critical shortage of recovery housing for Amer-icans in or pursuing recovery. Recov-ery residences are alcohol and drug- free living environments for individ-uals seeking the skills and social sup-port to remain free of alcohol or other drugs and live a life of recovery in the community.’’ Mr. Speaker, oftentimes individuals who complete recovery programs reen-ter life having lost everything. They are in danger of falling right back into the rhythms of their previous life which could lead them back into addic-tion. This bill ensures that they have a supportive housing situation to help them become reestablished in their community. Over the course of the next week, we are going to pass nearly 30 bills dealing with aspects of the Federal response to the opioid crisis. These three bills today take major steps toward keeping the flow of drugs out of our country and helping those who are caught in the cycle of dependency become suc-cessful members of society again. I know I speak for my community when I say that we need to be active in combating the scourge of opioid abuse. The flow of opioids and synthetics into our country from overseas must end. The lives of many of our loved ones de-pend on it. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of these bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman for yielding the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule that provides for consideration of H.R. 2851, H.R. 5735, and H.R. 5788. We could have done so much better. I am going to get into some of the great ideas that we talked about and amend-ments were submitted but didn’t make it through. This week is supposed to be about bringing bills to the floor that actually do something about the opioid crisis that is having devastating con-sequences on families and entire com-munities, including in my home State of Colorado. Legislation to address opioid abuse and save lives is long overdue. But I am sad to say that the bills that are being brought forth make, at the most, incre-mental changes and will not substan-tially affect the plague that is affect-ing our country of opioid addiction, abuse, and death. As you know, this is a crisis that cuts across State lines. It affects every congressional district in our country. I certainly know people directly affected in my constituents. I am sure every Member of Congress does. In Colorado the rate of drug overdoses since 2000 has more than dou-bled. This is not a partisan issue, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.022 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5109 June 13, 2018 
wish we could come together around a more significant response that actually did something to combat opioid abuse. If Republicans were serious about dealing with opioids, they would drop their assault on Medicaid. Medicaid is a critical service to help individuals battling opioid addiction, including supporting inpatient treatment centers and case managers to help get people the help they need. Frankly, we should have a discussion about how to achieve universal healthcare. There are people today who are unable to get coverage or support to recover from the substance abuse that holds them hostage. While Med-icaid and the Affordable Care Act have dramatically improved and expanded access to health coverage, including drug treatment, there are too many Americans today—in fact, over mil-lions—who do not have health insur-ance. There is no single solution to the opioid crisis. Instead, policymakers should use a multipronged approach, universal healthcare, substance abuse, and mental health treatment being one. Another prong is identifying alter-native treatments, instead of highly addictive opioid compounds for pain management. That is one of the things that I am so disappointed is not being advanced to the floor. Many States have medical marijuana available to patients with a variety of health issues, including chronic pain. Doctors across the country have pre-scribed medical marijuana as a legiti-mate treatment option for pain man-agement. In cases where it works, it provides a less harmful alternative, a less harmful and less addictive alter-native to opioids. Opioids have a role in pain manage-ment. But if a first-line therapy like medical marijuana, acupuncture, or acupressure can work, you can prevent people from developing a dependency, because almost three-quarters of opioid abuse starts with prescription drug treatment for pain management. In some cases, those first-line treatments like medical marijuana, acupuncture, and acupressure won’t work, and pre-scriptions to opioids have their role. But let’s at least prevent some people from having to go on prescription opioids when a less harmful, less ad-dictive, and less damaging therapy can work effectively for their pain manage-ment. I have heard from so many Colo-radans for whom medical marijuana works instead of having to resort to opioids. Unfortunately, medical marijuana is still illegal at the Federal level. There are limited research opportunities about the safety and efficacy of mari-juana, and that is holding us back from really understanding how medical marijuana can be used for pain man-agement. I offered a very simple and common-sense amendment at the Rules Com-mittee last night that authorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to study medical marijuana as an alternative treatment option to prescription opioids, just very simply. According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, the VA alone has treated about 70,000 veterans for opioid addiction last year alone, but my amendment was, unfor-tunately, blocked from getting a vote. The issue is personal for me, Mr. Speaker. I was able to present a Purple Heart to a veteran who lives in my dis-trict in Colorado, a young man who put his life on the line for our country. He told me that he uses medical mari-juana for his pain issues and has suc-cessfully been able to take himself off of the opioids that the VA had pre-scribed for those pain issues. I also offered an amendment with Representatives P
OCAN and G OSAR last night that, unfortunately, was not even allowed to be debated here on the floor that would prevent a natural botanic substance like kratom from being scheduled under the new scheduling au-thority created by SITSA. Unfortu-nately, it was blocked. Kratom, which is a cousin of the cof-fee plant, is used by many as an alter-native to addictive opioids and a way of escaping addiction. I have heard from so many constituents for whom legal access to kratom is critical to their sobriety and their battle against opioid addiction. We can very simply ensure that that legal access could be retained had this amendment been allowed. If it is cut off, as the FDA and others have been threatening, there is no doubt in my mind, nor should there be any doubt in anybody’s mind, that people will resort back to deadly opioids, rather than managing through harm reduction using other compounds that are less dangerous and less deadly, be it med-ical marijuana or kratom. We are debating these bills today be-cause we know we need to take action to address the opioid epidemic that we all have felt the human face of in our communities. But instead of trying to ban substances and put more Big Gov-ernment bans on top of things that people are using to recover from opioids, we should be exploring and em-bracing alternative treatment options to opioids. Simply put, we need to improve ac-cess to alternative pain relief options beyond opioids like kratom and like medical marijuana, because 75 percent of opioid abuse starts with prescription drugs usually for pain management. We need to embrace that part of the solu-tion. Increase freedom. Let Americans choose less harmful compounds that work for pain management and free people up to never become the victim of a terrible cycle of opioid addiction. Unfortunately, both of those amend-ments were blocked. H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, is a bill that would create a new schedule of drugs under the Controlled Substances Act giving even more au-thority to the Department of Justice to wage a failed drug war and deter-mine which substances are illegal, sidestepping the current process for scheduling drugs, sidestepping Con-gress, and often sidestepping common sense. When you put Government bu-reaucrats in charge, they only take more power every time. This bill creates lengthy sentencing and penalties, indulging in the over criminalization. It could harm hun-dreds of thousands of people battling opioid abuse by relying on incarcer-ation and penalization, rather than treatment and helping people recover from opioid abuse. This is a public health issue. It is not that there is not a criminal dimension; there, of course, is for cartels and smugglers. But when it comes to your niece or nephew, Mr. Speaker, your cousin or your neighbor’s kid, we want to help them get better, recover their lives, and free themselves from the vi-cious cycle of opioid addiction. This bill does not do that. While it is well-intended, it has seri-ous flaws that need to be addressed. If we want to have an impact on fighting epidemics, the answer is not to give even more authority to government bu-reaucrats in Washington. It is to em-power the American people themselves to take control of our own destiny. The rule also provides for consider-ation of the THRIVE Act, that is H.R. 5735. It is a different topic, but it is re-lated. It is designed to create housing opportunities for people suffering from substance abuse disorders. b1245 The problem with this bill is it sets arbitrary time limits on those who seek stable housing while receiving treatment for substance use disorders, and it doesn’t actually increase the supply of affordable housing. When we are dealing with homeless-ness and transitory housing, we need to take meaningful action to actually in-crease the supply of beds for people who are in recovery. We have to walk the walk. Without funding for beds and for treatment, we are just talking around the edges and we are not really solving this problem. The final bill under this rule is H.R. 5788, the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act, which is an-other bill that creates more paperwork for the Postal Service. Frankly, it just adds, again, another level of bureauc-racy. I am pretty sure, Mr. Speaker, that people smuggling opioids into this country don’t put opioids on the Cus-toms form. They don’t say: ‘‘We are il-legally bringing opioids into the coun-try.’’ Yes, we need to do more against smuggling, but creating more forms to fill out by government bureaucrats is not the answer. This bill is being considered under a closed rule. This is the 86th closed rule of this Congress. What that means, Mr. Speaker, is that not a single Member, Democrat or Republican, was able to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.024 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5110 June 13, 2018 
offer an amendment to this bill, the Se-curing the International Mail Against Opioids Act. There were good ideas from both sides that aren’t even al-lowed to be advanced. The Republicans continue to bring bills to floor this way that limit the opportunity for Republicans and Demo-crats to actually do something to stop opioid abuse. It is frustrating. As a legislator who has a lot of ideas about what we can do to actually save lives, increase freedom, and reduce opioid abuse, which would pass—I think a lot of my ideas would get 300, 350 votes here in the House—we are not even allowed to bring them forward. It is just so frustrating when we all know the human face of people who are suf-fering from being caught in the vicious cycle of opioid addiction. We have seen it affect so many families, including so many of our friends and even family. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS), my friend and the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of this rule and the underlying legislation, H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act, which would implement an innovative new approach to millions of men and women recovering from substance abuse by creating a demonstration pro-gram that provides transitional hous-ing assistance using Section 8 housing choice vouchers. Mr. Speaker, substance abuse is one of the most ubiquitous illnesses that faces our society today. Each and every one of us, in one way or another, has been affected by the destructive force of addiction. We have heard stories and witnessed firsthand the pain and an-guish substance abuse causes our loved ones and our communities. I am proud of the work the people’s House is doing to address the nation-wide epidemic of opioid abuse, and I am grateful to Congressman B
ARR for his contribution to this important mis-sion. While many of the bills we are con-sidering this week are geared toward the specific issue of opioid abuse, it is important to note that H.R. 5735 would establish a demonstration program to serve individuals afflicted by all types and forms of drug and alcohol abuse. The demonstration program will pro-vide participants with a drug- and alco-hol-free supportive and structured liv-ing environment. This allows recipi-ents to address their addiction, mental health, homelessness, or other issues in a compassionate living space that in-cludes vital services like recovery classes, life skills education classes, mandatory savings plans, and full-time or part-time employment programs. This legislation recognizes that safe, clean, and stable housing is a necessary asset for those seeking a future free of substance abuse. At the same time, this bill reserves vouchers for low and extremely low-income individuals who have demonstrated a willingness to make this difficult choice to get bet-ter. With these safeguards, we ensure that taxpayer dollars are only going to individuals who are willing to seek help and who have taken the first steps down the path to recovery. Substance abuse is a deeply personal struggle. There is no government pro-gram and no amount of money that can rescue someone who doesn’t want to be saved. While we cannot force people to turn away from the harmful and de-struction siren song of opioids and other substances, we can help the peo-ple who are endeavoring to do so. By aiding these courageous men, women, and families, I also believe we can send a message to those still shackled in the dark by their addic-tion. There is a pathway back, and if you are willing to commit to it, our communities and this entire Nation will support you. That is the message we are sending with this legislation and many of the other important bills being considered this week. I hope that my colleagues from both sides of the aisle will vote in favor of the rule and the underlying legislation to provide our citizens struggling with substance abuse a new tool for break-ing free. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our Nation is in the midst of a devastating opioid crisis that is spiraling out of control. Accord-ing to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, opioids are responsible for 6 out of 10 overdose deaths in the country. More than 115 Americans die each day from opioid overdose. The house is on fire; yet, with these bills today, unfortunately, the Repub-licans are not addressing this problem in a meaningful way. The American people need strong action from Con-gress to stem the tide of the opioid scourge and save lives. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Represent-ative L
UJA´N’s legislation, H.R. 3495, the Opioid and Heroin Abuse Crisis Invest-ment Act, which would make a dif-ference by extending badly needed funding to combat the growing public health crisis of opioid-related addiction and deaths. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAY L
UJA´N) to discuss our proposal. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, every community in America has suffered from the opioid epidemic. These are our moms and dads, our brothers and sisters, our sons and daughters. All across America, families are suffering. This is not a new problem. Earlier this year, The New York Times wrote about how one of the most distressing truths of America’s opioid epidemic is that it has been with us for 150 years. For more than a century, this crisis has been breaking communities. This certainly isn’t a new problem in New Mexico. Since 2000, New Mexico has had one of the highest rates of drug overdose deaths in the United States. This cycle must be broken because, if there is no action, America is doomed to see these tragedies repeat for an-other 150 years. This week, we are working on passing a package of bipartisan bills to address this crisis, and that is good. However, if you listen to our friends on the other side of the aisle, you might think that congressional Republicans think this problem has been solved. We need to do more and be more ag-gressive. As The New York Times wrote, serious legislation needs to be considered, such as proposals modeled on the Ryan White CARE Act that would appropriate $100 billion over 10 years for research, treatment, and sup-port. One of the packages we have today is a bipartisan approach around the Ryan White CARE Act. The fund-ing is not sufficient. We can do more. Last year in Congress, we came to-gether in a bipartisan fashion to pro-vide a billion dollars to States to ad-dress the opioid crisis in the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act. We all knew that the billion dollars included in Cures would only be a first step. That is what peo-ple said. I am going to say today what I said last Congress when we were debating these bills: While the House is taking a step toward addressing the opioid epi-demic, this is a missed opportunity. There are good policies in this pack-age of bills, but I am deeply dis-appointed in the lack of investment on such an urgent crisis facing America. Congress can and must do more. On behalf of 129 people who will die today from a drug overdose, Congress must do more to address this crisis in a deeply meaningful way. And to do that, real investment must be made, large dollar investments that save lives across America. My bill extends the bipartisan block grant funding passed in Cures for an additional 5 years. These grants would continue to support States in their ef-forts to enhance access to treatment, bolster substance abuse prevention pro-grams, and expand evidence-based ini-tiatives that will help address this deadly epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R ECORD  an editorial written by The New York Times, titled, ‘‘An Opioid Crisis Foretold,’’ from April 21, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.026 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5111 June 13, 2018 
[From the New York Times, Apr. 21, 2018] A
NOPIOID CRISIS FORETOLD  (By The Editorial Board) One of the more distressing truths of America’s opioid epidemic, which now kills tens of thousands of people every year, is that it isn’t the first such crisis. Across the 19th and 20th centuries, the United States, China and other countries saw drug abuse surge as opium and morphine were used widely as recreational drugs and medicine. In the West, doctors administered morphine liberally to their patients, while families used laudanum, an opium tincture, as a cure- all, including for pacifying colicky children. In China, many millions of people were hooked on smoking opium. In the mid-1800s, the British went into battle twice—bombing forts and killing thousands of civilians and soldiers alike—to keep the Chinese market open to drug imports in what would become known as the Opium Wars. That history has either been forgotten or willfully ignored by many in the medical and political establishments. Today’s opioid crisis is already the dead-liest drug epidemic in American history. Opioid overdoses killed more than 45,000 peo-ple in the 12 months that ended in Sep-tember, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The epidemic is now responsible for nearly as many American deaths per year as AIDS was at the peak of that crisis. Experts say that the death toll from opioids could climb for years to come. Mil-lions of people are dependent on or addicted to these drugs, and many of them are in-creasingly turning to more potent, illicit supplies of heroin and fentanyl, which are cheap and readily available on the street and online. Yet only about 10 percent of Ameri-cans who suffer from substance abuse receive specialized addiction treatment, according to a report by the surgeon general. 
WE HAVE SEEN THIS BEFORE  As many as 313,000 people were addicted to injected morphine and smoked opium in the United States in the late 19th century, ac-cording to David Courtwright, a history pro-fessor at the University of North Florida who has written extensively about drugs. An-other scholar, R. K. Newman, estimated that as many as 16.2 million Chinese were depend-ent on opium and smoked the drug daily. In the United States today, about 2.6 mil-lion people suffer from opioid use disorder. But some experts say that data, which is based on a government survey, underesti-mates the number of pain patients who are addicted to their prescription pills because of how surveyors ask people about drug use; the actual number might exceed five million. In the 19th century, like today, the med-ical community was largely responsible for the epidemic. Doctors did not fully appre-ciate the risks these drugs posed. In the 1800s, many doctors viewed morphine as a wonder drug for pain, diarrhea, nerves and alcoholism. In addition to getting home-makers, Civil War veterans and others ad-dicted, many doctors became addicts them-selves. The drug was overused in large part because there were few alternatives; aspirin, for example, didn’t become available until the late 1890s. In his 2001 book, ‘‘Dark Paradise: A History of Opiate Addiction in America,’’ Mr. Courtwright notes that the use of morphine began declining as younger doctors who had been better trained started practicing medi-cine and as non-addictive pain treatments became available. He also notes that many local governments across the country set up clinics that sought to help addicts—a fore-runner of contemporary methadone clinics— but a hostile federal government forced vir-tually all of them to shut down by 1923. It did so under the misguided idea that it was wrong to keep supplying drugs to people who had become dependent on them—a view that is, regrettably, still widespread today. Today’s opioid crisis has its roots in the 1990s, when prescriptions for painkillers like OxyContin and Vicodin started to become common. Companies like Purdue Pharma, which makes OxyContin, aggressively ped-dled the idea that these drugs were not ad-dictive with the help of dubious or misinter-preted research. One short 1980 letter to The New England Journal of Medicine by Dr. Hershel Jick and Jane Porter said the risk of addiction was less than one percent, based on an analysis of nearly 12,000 hospital patients who were given opioid painkillers. That let-ter was widely—and incorrectly—cited as evidence that opioids were safe. Federal regulators, doctors and others were swayed by pharmaceutical companies that argued for greater use of opioids; there was increasing awareness that doctors had become too unresponsive to patients who were in pain. Patient advocates and pain spe-cialists demanded that the medical estab-lishment recognize pain as the ‘‘fifth vital sign.’’ Mr. Courtwright says that this was not a simple case of historical amnesia. In the ear-lier epidemic, doctors ‘‘made mistakes, but it was a bad situation to begin with,’’ he said. ‘‘There was no equivalent of Purdue Pharma flying you off to the Bahamas for the weekend to tell you about the wonders of these new drugs.’’ WHAT SHOULD WE DO NOW ? The AIDS crisis might provide public offi-cials some lessons for how to move forward. Like with opioids, the federal government responded to that epidemic by doing next to nothing for many years. But an organized movement led in part by people with H.I.V. and gay activists eventually forced Congress to create and fund new programs. For exam-ple, in 1990 Congress approved the Ryan White Care Act, a bipartisan bill that poured billions of dollars into providing treatment and support to people with H.I.V. By 1995, the federal government was spending $3.3 bil-lion a year (about $5.4 billion today after ad-justing for inflation) on AIDS efforts, not in-cluding billions spent through mandatory programs like Medicaid and Medicare, ac-cording to the Kaiser Family Foundation. That was up from just $116 million in 1985. Though slow to act, Congress eventually treated AIDS as a complex, multidimen-sional problem and tackled it by funding pre-vention, treatment, support services and re-search. Lawmakers provided money to make expensive antiretroviral drugs accessible to more people and allocated money to help house people infected with H.I.V., recog-nizing that they needed more than just ac-cess to drugs. Lawmakers so far have fallen far short of such a vigorous effort when it comes to opioid addiction. Congress has taken what can be considered only baby steps by appro-priating a total of a few billion dollars of dis-cretionary opioid funding in recent years. This funding amounts to a pittance relative to what is needed: substantial long-term funding for prevention, addiction treatment, social services and research. Andrew Kolodny, co-director of opioid policy re-search at Brandeis University, says at least $6 billion a year is needed for 10 years to set up a nationwide network of clinics and doc-tors to provide treatment with medicines like buprenorphine and methadone. Those drugs have a proven track record at reducing overdoses and giving people struggling with addiction a shot at a stable life. Today, large parts of the country have few or no clinics that offer medication-assisted treatment, ac-cording to an analysis by amfAR, a founda-tion that funds AIDS research. Next, lawmakers need to remove regula-tions restricting access to buprenorphine, an opioid that can be used to get people off stronger drugs like heroin; its use is unlikely to end in an overdose. Doctors who want to prescribe the drug have to go through eight hours of training, and the government limits the number of patients they can treat. These limits have made the drug harder to obtain and created a situation in which it is easier to get the kinds of opioids that caused this crisis than to get medicine that can help ad-dicts. France reduced heroin overdoses by nearly 80 percent by making buprenorphine easily available starting in 1995. Yet many American lawmakers and government offi-cials have resisted removing restrictions on buprenorphine, arguing it replaces one addic-tion with another. Some of the same people have also stood in the way of wider avail-ability of naloxone, which can help reverse overdoses, and opposed harm-reduction ap-proaches like supervised drug consumption sites, where users can get clean needles and use drugs under the watch of staff who are trained to reverse overdoses. To stem the number of new opioid users, lawmakers and regulators need to stop phar-maceutical companies from marketing drugs like OxyContin and establish stronger guide-lines about how and when doctors can pre-scribe them. These drugs are often the last resort for people with cancer and other ter-minal conditions who experience excru-ciating pain. But they pose a great risk when used to treat the kinds of pain for which there are numerous nonaddictive therapies available. Doctors have been writing fewer opioid prescriptions in recent years, but even the new level is too high. Some lawmakers have begun to take this epidemic seriously. Senator Elizabeth War-ren and Representative Elijah Cummings, both Democrats, recently proposed legisla-tion modeled on the Ryan White Act that would appropriate $100 billion over 10 years for research, treatment and support. While that might seem like a lot, President Trump’s Council of Economic Advisers said in November that the epidemic cost the economy $504 billion in 2015 alone. Leaders in both parties are responsible for this crisis. Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama and members of Congress did too little to stop it in its earlier stages. While Mr. Trump talks a lot about the prob-lem, he seems to have few good ideas for what to do about it. As we’ve learned the hard way, without stronger leadership, the opioid epidemic will continue to wreak havoc across the country. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on ordering the previous question so we can take a meaningful step toward defeating this crisis. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. B
ARR), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 934, the combined rule for my legislation, H.R. 5735, the Transitional Housing for Re-covery in Viable Environments, or THRIVE, Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.006 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5112 June 13, 2018 
I want to thank Chairman H EN-
SARLING , Chairman D UFFY , and my col-leagues on the House Financial Serv-ices Committee for their support and feedback on this legislation, as well as Chairman S
ESSIONS and Ranking Mem-ber M
CGOVERN on the House Com-mittee on Rules for their consideration of my manager’s amendment to make improvements to this bill. This week the House is considering several important pieces of legislation to address the opioid epidemic that takes the lives of 116 Americans every day. My home State of Kentucky has the third highest overdose mortality rate in the country. In order to achieve meaningful progress in the fight against opioid ad-diction in our Nation, Congress can no longer simply focus on prevention, en-forcement, and treatment. We must also begin to implement policies that focus on long-term recovery. Our Fed-eral housing programs are an underuti-lized resource in these efforts. The THRIVE Act would make sup-portive housing more accessible to those in need by allocating a limited number of Section 8 housing choice vouchers to nonprofits that provide housing, workforce development, job placement, financial literacy, and con-tinued addiction recovery support for individuals who are transitioning out of rehab and back into the workforce. Rather than allocating the vouchers through public housing authorities, this demonstration would give vouch-ers directly to housing nonprofits that meet evidence-based metrics of success on a competitive basis. The vouchers would also be distributed with a focus on regions of the country with the highest rates of opioid-related deaths. This legislation would only allocate either 10,000 or 0.5 percent of total housing vouchers, whichever is less, to people who are literally dying every day of opioid addiction and other sub-stance abuse disorders. The demonstra-tion is limited to 5 years. No one would have a voucher taken away from them to create this dem-onstration program. This is an impor-tant point that I would like to empha-size to my friend from Colorado, who is concerned that there might be a cannibalizing effect of existing vouch-ers. An estimated 198,000 Section 8 vouch-ers are turned over each year and re-turned to HUD. It is from this amount that the demonstration would set aside only 10,000 to address a deadly national public health crisis. The goal of this demonstration is not to take away vouchers from those who need them but, rather, to open up other housing options to people coming out of rehab who would otherwise be forced to use Section 8 vouchers to live in a housing situation where they would be surrounded by individuals who are still in active addiction. If our goal is to help people coming out of rehab or medication-assisted treatment to stay off of opioids and gain job skills and find employment, our government programs should give people the option to live in transitional housing with housing choice vouchers. Additionally, and I would also invite my friend from Colorado to consider this: I have made a commitment to working with my Democratic col-leagues in requesting additional funds from the Appropriations Committee for the purpose of supporting this dem-onstration. I would invite my friend from Colorado to sign this letter re-questing those additional funds, per-haps to earn his support and the sup-port of the ranking member. I would like to thank my Democratic colleague, Ms. S
INEMA , as well as the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment for their suggested changes that have been incorporated in the manager’s amendment I offer today. I also thank Mr. R
OHRABACHER for his amendment that further ensures eligi-ble entities have been effectively vet-ted to support recovery in local com-munities. This legislation has received endorse-ments from over 140 housing, addiction support, and recovery organizations across the country, including Addic-tion Policy Forum, American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry, National As-sociation of Social Workers, Faces and Voices of Recovery, and over 100 others on the front lines of addiction recov-ery. Secretary Carson from HUD also vis-ited my district in Kentucky earlier this year and witnessed firsthand the success of nonprofits in helping indi-viduals rise above addiction. I urge support for this rule so we can continue to work together in a bipar-tisan manner to improve housing op-tions for individuals recovering from opioid addiction and other substance abuse disorders. It is time for us to allow for innova-tion, allow for us to focus on what hap-pens after treatment, and allow people to access transitional housing addic-tion recovery services that focus on work, self-esteem, financial literacy, and stable housing in order to ulti-mately move into a life of permanent recovery, hope, and nonsubsidized housing scenarios. b1300 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), the distinguished rank-ing member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Tax Policy. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, yes, America does have a wildfire when it comes to the opioid crisis; and what we are getting this week and next, instead of experienced, professional firefighters with a plan to put out that wildfire, we are being offered a collection of garden hoses. It won’t get the job done. If words, if speeches, if the Presi-dent’s tweets could resolve this prob-lem, we could be here today cele-brating a victory. Instead, we have a piecemeal program around the edges of the crisis. You only have to look at the Presi-dent’s tweets and his near-meaningless declaration of a healthcare emergency, and how he is handling the problem, to know how serious these Republicans are about it. I think the President views this as just another one in the series of political reality television shows that he is producing daily. Be-cause instead of turning to a physician, a firefighter, a scientist, a drug policy expert, he has turned over the leader-ship of his entire opioid crisis effort to a political consultant and double-talk expert, Kellyanne Conway. We haven’t seen much other than talk over there, and with these 30 bills that are being considered today mak-ing modest changes around the edges of the problem, we are not going to ad-vance very far. Of course, there is a reason for this in this Congress. We can only consider legislation that a majority of the Re-publicans say we can consider, and they applied a test to get these 30 bills to exclude other ones. The test was twofold: If it cost much of anything, the bill couldn’t be considered here. Second, if Big Pharma opposed it, it certainly couldn’t be considered here. So, like Trump, the Republican Con-gress offers more words, a few bills that may help a few people, but does not address the central issue in the cri-sis. What we need are substantial addi-tional resources for treatment. Instead of going in that direction, the Republicans turned about-face, and they are trying to drag us backward so we will have even fewer treatment op-tions than today. The President’s latest assault on all Americans who have a preexisting con-dition, to deny them access to healthcare, and his assault to cut bil-lions out of Medicaid, will deny the very places that so many people can now turn to for opioid treatment. So they won’t add resources, they won’t permit us to add resources, and they want to take away the resources that exist today. Of course, much of the treatment that is out there is necessary because of the wrongs committed by pharma-ceutical manufacturers in promoting these opioids in the first place. Here again, the test is not approved for bringing legislation on the floor be-cause Big Pharma opposes it. I believe we should be following the lead of 41 State attorneys general across America who are saying: Let’s look at what Big Pharma did to cause this problem. Why make the taxpayer pay for everything when Big Pharma played such a role? We ought to have accountability for those who helped to create the opioid crisis, yet the Federal Government— though, again, Trump talked about it, but he didn’t do anything. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.028 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5113 June 13, 2018 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, after talking about it, the Justice Depart-ment and the Trump administration have done nothing. In one single year, Medicaid paid out $9.3 billion associated with this opioid crisis, billions and billions of dollars. Yet, when I tried in the Ways and Means Committee to get involved in terms of getting back the money Medi-care has paid out, other billions of dol-lars, it was rejected on a party-line vote. At the very time that we are being told our police and first responders across America and, indeed, individual citizens should be carrying naloxone, a drug that can reverse the effects of overdoses and prevent a death, we have seen an incredible spike from Big Pharma in the cost of that. I see head-lines. How does a $575 lifesaving drug jump to $4,500? Because these pharma-ceutical manufacturers think they can hijack America and, particularly, our law enforcement sources. We need more than a photo-op version of these measures. If every one of the bills being considered, all 30 of them, are approved, few of those who really need treatment are going to get it as a result of this, and none of those responsible for this crisis will be held accountable. This crisis is a true hurricane. It is being treated like a dust devil. Approve these modest proposals that do no harm, but then let’s move forward with a Congress that really wants to solve the problem. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no further witnesses. I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. C
UMMINGS ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this rule. This week the House is considering dozens of bills to combat the opioid epidemic. These are small bipartisan bills that we all support, but they are simply not enough. Our country is in the midst of the greatest public health emergency in decades. We have all heard the grim statistics, so I won’t repeat them, yet none of the bills that we are consid-ering this week provide the dedicated and sustained resources we need to combat this crisis. President Trump’s own Council of Economic Advisers found that the opioid crisis likely cost our Nation more than $500 billion in just 1 year. We cannot just nibble around the edges. We cannot just rearrange the deck chairs on the Titanic. We must treat the opioid epidemic like the true public health emergency that it is. I offered an amendment that could have changed this, but the House is not being allowed to consider it. Earlier this year, I introduced the CARE Act, with Senator ELIZABETH WARREN , mod-eled directly on the highly successful Ryan White Act, which the Congress passed with bipartisan support in 1990 to address the AIDS crisis. My amendment would invest in com-prehensive, evidence-based treatment for opioid and substance use disorders by authorizing up to $100 billion over 10 years to help States, localities, non-profits, the CDC, the NIH, and other public health entities working on the front lines of this epidemic to save so many lives. The CARE Act has been endorsed by more than 30 organizations, including provider groups, local government as-sociations, and public health organiza-tions. My Republican colleagues blocked it from being considered. They argue that we do not have the money to pay for it. My amendment would have been fully paid for by roll-ing back just a fraction of the tax give-aways that my Republican colleagues and President Trump handed out to drug companies and other wealthy cor-porations. Mr. Speaker, do you know what the drug companies did with their massive tax cuts? They pocketed the money. Then they announced that they would spend tens of billions of dollars buying back their own stock to benefit their shareholders. So far, they have an-nounced stock buybacks totaling $50 billion, and Pfizer and AbbVie, both companies that sell and market opioids, each announced buybacks of $10 billion. Do we really believe it is more im-portant to give drug companies tens of billions of dollars in tax breaks than it is to address the most deadly health crisis in three decades? Is that really where our priorities lie? I say we are better than that. This crisis does not discriminate based on politics. People are dying in red States, blue States, and purple States. Our priorities should be saving the lives of our fellow Americans. They are counting on us to lead. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. CUMMINGS. Finally, I could not leave this podium without noting the staggering hypocrisy of those who claim that they want to help Ameri-cans struggling with substance use dis-order while at the same time sabo-taging the Affordable Care Act. Right now, the Trump administra-tion is threatening the health coverage of millions of Americans with pre-existing health conditions, which in-clude substance use disorders. About 2.6 million people in my State of Maryland have preexisting condi-tions. We cannot go back to the bad old days when our family, friends, and neighbors were discriminated against because they got sick. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to op-pose this rule. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, here we are, a year and a half into this session of Congress, and finally the Republicans are bringing something to the floor around the opioid epidemic, but it is too little, too late. They prioritized, unfortunately, corporate tax giveaways over families that are struggling and communities which are affected by the path of de-struction caused by opioid drug abuse. As we address opioid addiction, we need to remember that many commu-nities were suffering from substance use disorders long before Congress began to wake up to this issue. Opioid abuse affects both rural and urban communities and has a human face and a tragedy in every congressional dis-trict. We should support efforts to address this through treatment instead of in-carceration or punishment, through al-ternatives instead of giving Wash-ington, D.C., bureaucrats more power. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, tens of thousands of Americans are dying each year due to opioid abuse. What started as an epi-demic of prescription drug abuse has led into a resurgence in heroin addic-tion and synthetic drug abuse. The easy availability of these drugs has led to widespread abuse and death. My home of eastern Colorado has been particularly hard-hit by this af-fliction. In the most recent statistics available, more than 400 Coloradoans have died of opioid and synthetic over-dose. This number is devastating enough on its own, but it does not in-clude the many other lives that are wrecked and torn apart from this curse. We know many of the bad actors. We know China and Mexico, in particular, are deadly merchants in this sickening trade. Anything that we can do to block these goods from entering our country we should do. Our neighbors, our children, our loved ones deserve a fighting chance. These bills today form yet another defense against the opioid crisis in America. I want to thank Chairman S
ESSIONS , Chairman B
RADY , Chairman H EN-
SARLING , and Chairman G OODLATTE for bringing these bills forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the rule, sup-porting the underlying bills, and stand-ing in the gap in defense of our commu-nities that are ravaged by this crisis. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 934 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.039 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5114 June 13, 2018 
resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3495) to amend the 21st Century Cures Act to appropriate funds for the Account for the State Response to the Opioid Abuse Crisis through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Com-mittee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3495. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 230, nays 183, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 261] YEAS—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Gene Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.012 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5115 June 13, 2018 
Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Babin Beatty Bilirakis Chu, Judy Crowley Ellison Espaillat Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Shuster Walz 
b1343 Mr. RICHMOND and Miss RICE of New York changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 261. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 261. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 175, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 262] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—175 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Gene Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman SchultzWaters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Beatty Bilirakis Chu, Judy Crowley Ellison Espaillat Gomez Gosar Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Lewis (GA) Poliquin Rohrabacher Schakowsky Shuster Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1350 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 262. Stated against: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 262. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, I missed the fol-lowing votes: 1. Motion on Ordering the Previous Ques-tion on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2851, H.R. 5735, and H.R. 5788. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. 2. H. Res. 934, Rule providing for consider-ation of H.R. 2851, Stop Importation and Traf-ficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017, H.R. 5735, Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Pro-gram Act, and H.R. 5788, Securing the Inter-national Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
TREATING BARRIERS TO PROSPERITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5294) to amend title 40, United States Code, to address the impact of drug abuse on economic development in Appalachia, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5294 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act of 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.008 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5116 June 13, 2018 
SEC. 2. DRUG ABUSE MITIGATION INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 145 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 14509 the following: ‘‘§ 14510. Drug abuse mitigation initiative ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Appalachian Re-gional Commission may provide technical assistance to, make grants to, enter into contracts with, or otherwise provide amounts to individuals or entities in the Ap-palachian region for projects and activities to address drug abuse, including opioid abuse, in the region, including projects and activities— ‘‘(1) to facilitate the sharing of best prac-tices among States, counties, and other ex-perts in the region with respect to reducing such abuse; ‘‘(2) to initiate or expand programs de-signed to eliminate or reduce the harm to the workforce and economic growth of the region that results from such abuse; ‘‘(3) to attract and retain relevant health care services, businesses, and workers; and ‘‘(4) to develop relevant infrastructure, in-cluding broadband infrastructure that sup-ports the use of telemedicine. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABLE AMOUNTS .— Of the cost of any activity eligible for a grant under this section— ‘‘(1) not more than 50 percent may be pro-vided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and ‘‘(2) notwithstanding paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of a project to be carried out in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 80 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a project to be carried out in a county for which an at-risk designa-tion is in effect under section 14526, not more than 70 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this sec-tion. ‘‘(c) S
OURCES OF ASSISTANCE .—Subject to subsection (b), a grant provided under this section may be provided from amounts made available to carry out this section in com-bination with amounts made available— ‘‘(1) under any other Federal program (sub-ject to the availability of subsequent appro-priations); or ‘‘(2) from any other source. ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding any provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion determines to be appropriate.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 145 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 14509 the following: ‘‘14510. Drug abuse mitigation initiative.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5294. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5294, the Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act, positions the Appalachian Regional Commission, or ARC, to better serve communities across Appalachia that struggle with the ongoing opioid crisis. In 2015, there were 5,594 overdose deaths in Appalachia, a drug-related death rate 65 percent higher than the national average. Sixty-nine percent of those deaths were a result of opioid abuse. The majority of the lives lost were individuals between the ages of 25 and 44, people who were in their prime working years. In my home State of Pennsylvania, the statistics are striking. The Drug Enforcement Administration reported that more than 4,600 Pennsylvanians died in 2016 from drug overdoses, with thousands more affected by addiction. This is an increase of 37 percent from 2015, with opioids accounting for 85 per-cent of the overdoses. These troubling statistics make it clear that the opioid crisis is not only destroying lives, it has created a sig-nificant challenge to workforce and economic development throughout Ap-palachia. In distressed communities like many in Appalachia, economic development programs must adapt and become real partners in addressing this crisis. One approach is ensuring our economic de-velopment agencies have the clear au-thorities they need. H.R. 5294 clarifies that ARC funds may be used to facilitate best practices among the Appalachian States and sup-port programs designed to reduce the harm of opioids to the workforce and economic growth. The bill also clarifies funds can be used specifically to attract and retain healthcare businesses and workers. This is critical, as it will focus on both job creation and, at the same time, provide much needed access to healthcare services for those struggling with addiction. Finally, the bill recognizes that in many areas of Appalachia, infrastruc-ture, such as broadband, must be devel-oped to support these businesses and innovations like telemedicine. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Nevada for cosponsoring this im-portant legislation with me, along with the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and take an important step in combating a national epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5294, the Treating Barriers to Pros-perity Act of 2018, introduced by sub-committee Chairman B
ARLETTA and subcommittee Ranking Member T
ITUS. The Appalachian Regional Commis-sion, or ARC, as it is known, has made significant progress in addressing the persistent poverty and economic de-spair in Appalachia. However, the cur-rent opioid epidemic sweeping the Na-tion threatens ARC’s progress. The high rates of substance abuse and mortality in Appalachia compared to the rest of the United States is a se-rious impediment to sustained eco-nomic growth. Employers are seeking a healthy workforce when making decisions about where they will locate their busi-nesses. High rates of substance abuse and mortality make it difficult for em-ployers to find and hire qualified can-didates. b1400 Appalachia continues to face signifi-cant disparities in its journey to catch up to the rest of the Nation with re-spect to educational attainment, em-ployment, income, and health out-comes. Sadly, the scourge of opioid abuse in Appalachia makes the road only that much longer. The opioid mortality and overdose rates in Appalachia are shocking, with rates in West Virginia reaching three times the national rate. Moreover, drug abuse jeopardizes the region’s ability to retain and attract economic development with a high-performing workforce that is healthy and drug- free. The cycle of despair only con-tinues. Unfortunately, this tragic backdrop highlights the failed campaign prom-ises of President Trump. President Trump campaigned about the scourge of opioids and how he would designate the opioid crisis as a national emer-gency and combat the problem. However, the President did not de-clare this epidemic an emergency under the Stafford Act and provided little to no new funding to combat this epidemic. Instead, the administration named White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, a former pollster with no pub-lic health background, as the adminis-tration’s point person on the opioid cri-sis. The opioid epidemic is a full-blown crisis that demands Congress’ atten-tion. Because President Trump refuses to take substantive action, Congress must take the lead on this issue. The ARC, in its mission to promote economic development in the region, has always understood the grave threat of opioid addiction to the economic vi-ability of the region. I am grateful and thankful that this bill provides funding specifically fo-cused on impediments to job creation and economic development; ensures the States in Appalachia can effectively share best practices; and ties in clearer authority to attract health-based busi-nesses, workers, and technology to the region. While the ARC’s existing authority has provided ARC the ability to sup-port certain efforts to combat the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.013 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5117 June 13, 2018 
opioid crisis, clarifying and strength-ening that role is critical to economic development in the region. We are grateful that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has been able to step in in this area of economic development and job cre-ation, but we must do more throughout the country, not just with opioids but with other drug issues and the related scourge in this country. I applaud Ranking Member T
ITUS for taking the issue seriously and being an original cosponsor of this bill. This bill will address some of the impacts of drug abuse on economic development in the Appalachian region. I support this bill, and urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. R
OGERS ). Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, all of us are painfully aware of the devastating toll taken by opioid addiction and abuse in every corner of this great country. While this epidemic is truly national in its scope today, it actually began in the small communities in Appalachia over a decade ago. Our hills were flood-ed with painkillers, our hospitals flood-ed with patients, our churches flooded with helpless parents crying out for help. Our rural towns simply did not have the capacity to handle this mon-strous problem. Today, given the unique challenges confronting Appalachia, the opioid-re-lated overdose rate is 65 percent higher than in the rest of the Nation. Let me repeat that. In Appalachia, the opioid- related overdose rate is 65 percent higher than the rest of the country. But the people of Appalachia are re-silient, and they are problem solvers. They have taken important strides to combat this problem holistically. Operation UNITE in my district, where it began, is a leading national example. UNITE, Unlawful Narcotics Investigations, Treatment and Edu-cation, is a three-pronged, holistic ap-proach to tackle this monster. I was really heartened and grateful when Chairman B
ARLETTA invited Op-eration UNITE’s CEO, Nancy Hale, to testify before his subcommittee about the unique challenges UNITE confronts in southern and eastern Kentucky, and the creative solutions they have em-ployed to beat back against this scourge. Today, I remain grateful for his lead-ership in shepherding H.R. 5294 through the House floor. This bill will bolster the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion’s role in combating the opioid epi-demic. ARC has always been a valued part-ner in our fight, but this legislation clarifies that the commission can and should make targeted investments to reduce barriers to workforce develop-ment; attract and retain healthcare services, businesses, and workers; and develop relevant infrastructure, includ-ing broadband, which can be used for telemedicine treatment. These investments are critical for my district and the entire Appalachian re-gion, and I urge other Members to sup-port this bill. Let me thank, again, Chairman BARLETTA for his great leadership in this problem. He is a recognized expert, and he has proven he cares for the peo-ple that he represents and that the rest of us represent. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5294. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
STOP ILLICIT DRUG IMPORTATION ACT OF 2018 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5752) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with re-spect to the importation of certain drugs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5752 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Illicit Drug Importation Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Detention, refusal, and destruction of drugs offered for importation. Sec. 3. Seizure. Sec. 4. Debarring violative individuals or companies. 
SEC. 2. DETENTION, REFUSAL, AND DESTRUC-TION OF DRUGS OFFERED FOR IM-PORTATION. 
(a) A RTICLES TREATED AS DRUGS FOR PUR-
POSES OF IMPORTATION .—Section 801 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(t) A
RTICLES TREATED AS DRUGS FOR PUR-
POSES OF THISSECTION .— ‘‘(1) L
ABELED ARTICLES .—An article shall not be treated as a drug pursuant to this sub-section if— ‘‘(A) an electronic import entry for such article is submitted using an authorized electronic data interchange system; and ‘‘(B) such article is designated in such sys-tem as a drug, device, dietary supplement, or other product that is regulated under this Act. ‘‘(2) A
RTICLES COVERED .—Subject to para-graph (1), for purposes of this section, an ar-ticle described in this paragraph may be treated by the Secretary as a drug if it— ‘‘(A) is or contains an ingredient that is an active ingredient that is contained within— ‘‘(i) a drug that has been approved under section 505 of this Act; or ‘‘(ii) a biological product that has been ap-proved under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act; ‘‘(B) is or contains an ingredient that is an active ingredient in a drug or biological product if— ‘‘(i) an investigational use exemption has been authorized for such drug or biological product under section 505(i) of this Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act; ‘‘(ii) substantial clinical investigation has been instituted for such drug or biological product; and ‘‘(iii) the existence of such clinical inves-tigation has been made public; or ‘‘(C) is or contains a substance that has a chemical structure that is substantially similar to the chemical structure of an ac-tive ingredient in a drug or biological prod-uct described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(3) EFFECT .—Except to the extent that an article may be treated as a drug pursuant to paragraph (2), this subsection shall not be construed as bearing on or being relevant to the question of whether any article is a drug as defined in section 201(g).’’. (b) A
RTICLES OF CONCERN .— (1) D
ELIVERY BY TREASURY TO HHS .—The first sentence of section 801(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘and cos-metics’’ and inserting ‘‘cosmetics, and poten-tial articles of concern (as defined in sub-section (u))’’. (2) R
EFUSED ADMISSION .—The third sen-tence of section 801(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘then such article shall be refused admission’’ and inserting ‘‘or (5) such article is an article of concern (as de-fined in subsection (u)), or (6) such article is a drug that is being imported or offered for import in violation of section 301(cc), then such article shall be refused admission’’. (3) D
EFINITION OF ARTICLE OF CONCERN .— Section 801 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381), as amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(u) A
RTICLE OF CONCERN DEFINED .—For purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘article of concern’ means an article that is or con-tains a drug or other substance— ‘‘(1) for which, during the 24-month period prior to the article being imported or offered for import, the Secretary of Health and Human Services— ‘‘(A) has requested that, based on a deter-mination that the drug or other substance appears to meet the requirements for tem-porary or permanent scheduling pursuant to section 201 of the Controlled Substances Act, the Attorney General initiate the process to control the drug or other substance in ac-cordance with such Act; or ‘‘(B) has, following the publication by the Attorney General of a notice in the Federal Register of the intention to issue an order temporarily scheduling such drug or sub-stance in schedule I of section 202 of the Con-trolled Substances Act pursuant to section 201(h) of such Act, made a determination that such article presents an imminent haz-ard to public safety; and ‘‘(2) with respect to which the Attorney General has not— ‘‘(A) scheduled the drug or other substance under such Act; or ‘‘(B) notified the Secretary of Health and Human Services that the Attorney General has made a determination not to schedule the drug or other substance under such Act.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.040 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5118 June 13, 2018 
SEC. 3. SEIZURE. 
Section 304(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 334(b)) is amend-ed by striking the first sentence and insert-ing the following: ‘‘The article, equipment, or other thing proceeded against shall be lia-ble to seizure by process pursuant to the libel, and the procedure in cases under this section shall conform, as nearly as may be, to the procedure in admiralty rather than the procedure used for civil asset forfeiture proceedings set forth in section 983 of title 18, United States Code. On demand of either party any issue of fact joined in any such a case brought under this section shall be tried by jury. A seizure brought under this section is not governed by Rule G of the Supple-mental Rules of Admiralty or Maritime Claims and Asset Forfeiture Actions. Exi-gent circumstances shall be deemed to exist for all seizures brought under this section, and in such cases, the summons and arrest warrant shall be issued by the clerk of the court without court review.’’. 
SEC. 4. DEBARRING VIOLATIVE INDIVIDUALS OR COMPANIES. 
(a) P ROHIBITED ACT.—Section 301(cc) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 331(cc)) is amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘an article of food’’ the following: ‘‘or a drug’’; and (2) by inserting after ‘‘a person debarred’’ the following: ‘‘from such activity’’. (b) D
EBARMENT .—Section 306(b) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 335a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (2) or (3)’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) a person from importing or offering to import into the United States— ‘‘(i) a controlled substance as defined in section 102(6) of the Controlled Substances Act; or ‘‘(ii) any drug, if such drug is declared to be valued at an amount that is $2,500 or less (or such higher amount as the Secretary of the Treasury may set by regulation pursuant to section 498(a)(1) of the Tariff Act of 1930), or if such drug is entering the United States by mail.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the paragraph heading after ‘‘
FOOD ’’ by inserting ‘‘
OR DRUG ’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving the indentation of each such clause 2 ems to the right; (C) after making the amendments required by subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘A person is subject’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) F
OOD.—A person is subject’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
MPORTATION OF DRUGS .—A person is subject to debarment under paragraph (1)(D) if— ‘‘(i) the person has been convicted of a fel-ony for conduct relating to the importation into the United States of any drug or con-trolled substance (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act); or ‘‘(ii) the person has engaged in a pattern of importing or offering for import articles of drug that are— ‘‘(I)(aa) adulterated, misbranded, or in vio-lation of section 505; and ‘‘(bb) present a threat of serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals; or ‘‘(II) controlled substances whose importa-tion is prohibited pursuant to section 401(m) of the Tariff Act of 1930. ‘‘(C) DEFINITION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (B), the term ‘pattern of importing or offering for import articles of drug’ means importing or offering for import articles of drug described in subclause (I) or (II) of sub-paragraph (B)(ii) in an amount, frequency, or dosage that is inconsistent with personal or household use by the importer.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE G
REEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of this important piece of legislation. This bill will get FDA the tools the agency needs to intercept illicit substances coming through our country’s international mail facilities. Illicit and unapproved drugs entering the U.S. supply chain through these facilities pose serious public health threats. Hundreds of millions of parcels go through the IMF facilities each year, and it has been reported that the num-ber of packages processed by the Na-tion’s nine IMFs nearly doubled from 2013 to 2015. These facilities now re-ceive more than 275 million packages annually. Although the FDA has increased the number of investigators it has in the facilities, it is estimated that the FDA can only physically inspect less than 0.06 percent of the packages that might contain drugs or drug products. In conjunction with H.R. 5228, led by Representative P
ALLONE and passed by the House yesterday, this bill will give the FDA the flexibility and the tools the agency needs to effectively and ef-ficiently seize illicit or unapproved drugs, and to prohibit bad actors from continuing to ship these deadly prod-ucts into the country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and to help stop the entrance of il-legal opioids and other drugs that might harm Americans. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5752, the Stop Illicit Drug Importation Act of 2018. In 2016, 42,000 Americans died from opioid-related overdoses alone, includ-ing more than 2,800 victims of opioid addiction in my home State of Texas. One of the contributing factors to the opioid epidemic is the illicit importa-tion of opioid drugs. According to Com-missioner Gottlieb: ‘‘FDA investigators are the last line of defense at the inter-national mail facilities’’ when it comes to preventing illicit drugs from enter-ing our country. Despite the fact that more than 2 million packages are received each day at our international mail facilities, FDA only has the capacity and re-sources to inspect 40,000 of these. More must be done to equip the FDA, both from the resource perspective but also with the law enforcement perspective. This is why I was also pleased to sup-port the SCREEN Act, which was passed yesterday, and would authorize additional resources for FDA to take on this fight and grant FDA greater au-thority to destroy and recall drugs that pose harm to public health. The Stop Illicit Drug Importation Act of 2018 empowers the FDA to refuse admission and destroy imports identi-fied as items of concern by the FDA and the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion. The bill will also help streamline sei-zure procedures and debar individuals and companies that repeatedly violate Federal law from being able to import in the United States. This commonsense measure passed by the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee by voice vote last month will help stem the tide of illegal and illicit products, including opioids, from enter-ing our country from international mail facilities. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WAL-
DEN), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I say to my colleagues on the Energy and Com-merce Committee on both sides of the aisle, thanks for your great work on this bill. My colleague, Congresswoman B
LACKBURN from Tennessee, this is an issue she has worked on for a long time—we will just say a long time— with great passion and great diligence. We had the subcommittee chair of the Health Subcommittee, Dr. B
UR-
GESS, go up to the facility in New Jer-sey recently and observe firsthand what happens, what transpires there. My colleague, Mr. G
REEN , and others have talked about the number of pack-ages that go through the facility versus the number that are actually in-spected. Then, I know we have all had pretty good conversations with Dr. Scott Gottlieb, the now-Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, and he has done marvelous work with the lim-ited tools that he has to really ramp up their ability to try to stop these ship-ments of illegal fentanyl. For those here in the Chamber, you have to understand illegal fentanyl. If you took a salt shaker and put, I don’t know, half a dozen grains of salt on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.017 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5119 June 13, 2018 
this podium and put your finger on it, it would likely go through your skin and you would pass out and die, unless my colleague from Texas or Tennessee here, or the House Physician, had some naloxone they could come and revive you. It is that potent; it is that dan-gerous; it is that deadly; and that is what is getting cut into heroin. By the way, you can always trust your local heroin dealer to get the right mixture. They are good chemists, I am sure. No, not. But that is what is getting cut in. That is what we are trying to stop with this legislation, this illegal fentanyl coming in through the mail system from foreign countries, mainly China, stop it from getting into our country. That is why I want to commend Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. G REEN , and others, ev-erybody who was involved in this legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I also take the floor be-cause, over the course of this week and next week, we will deal with more than 57 different opioid-related bills. We have heard from Republicans and Democrats. This is an epidemic that doesn’t check your party registration before it sickens or kills or addicts somebody in your family or your com-munity. Throughout all this, we have had terrific support, not only from our Members, but also from our staff and on both sides of the aisle. There is somebody I want to single out today on our side of the aisle who, unfortunately, has decided to pursue other endeavors. Paul Edattel has served as the chief counsel for our Health Subcommittee since 2016 under then-Chairman F
REDUPTON . b1415 Prior to that, he served our Health Subcommittee on an abundance of healthcare issues, as well as being hired to be Speaker Boehner’s top health policy staffer. But timing has a funny way of getting in the way of things, and following Speaker Boehner’s decision to leave the Con-gress, we were able to persuade Paul Edattel to come back to the Energy and Commerce Committee. In fact, when I became chairman of the committee, I remember meeting in Speaker R
YAN’s office when we were just getting started, and I was choosing the final staff and Speaker R
YAN looked at me and said: I don’t care who else you keep or don’t keep, but that guy over there is the brightest guy around on health policy. I said: I agree, and we have already reached our agreement that he would continue on. His service has been our gain and that of the country’s. Paul has helped lead our push on the floor on these issues with his very talented team; and just as my colleagues and I have made this our top issue, so has Paul. At the same time, he has ensured other crit-ical healthcare policy priorities con-tinue to move through our processes. Paul is one of the best. He is also a machine. He has been guiding this com-mittee on the Nation’s top healthcare issues for many years, including our comprehensive review of America’s mental health laws that we passed in, I think, a big bipartisan vote last Con-gress, helped engineer through the 21st Century Cures Act, our opioids act, and so many other pieces of legislation. Paul is also a wonderful family man, a great individual with tremendous in-tegrity and insight, and we will miss his friendly smile and unmatched un-derstanding of how this place works. We will even miss his unwavering sup-port for the Buffalo Bills, if you are a Buffalo Bills fan. If you are not, you will be glad to see him go, probably. It has been an honor to work with Paul and call him a trusted adviser and, moreover, a friend. So, Paul, as you begin your new chapter in your new career, I join with all of our Energy and Commerce Com-mittee members and staff, I think, on both sides of the aisle in wishing you the very best and thanking you for your service, Paul Edattel. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to join our chairman in thanking our staff. We couldn’t be here today without our staff working on these. But this bill is so important. I have been on the docks of the Port of Hous-ton and watched these containers come in off the ships and them being in-spected. The FDA agents there are frustrated with it, even in our inter-national mail facilities that are actu-ally in our district in Texas. So that is why this bill is so important, and I am glad for my colleague from Tennessee to be sponsoring this bill. I have no other speakers, Mr. Speak-er, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, you have heard the mention of bipartisan work and bipar-tisan support on these issues, and Chairman WALDEN is exactly right. Not only have Members worked in a bipartisan way, but also our staffs have to answer the questions: How do we help to get the resources to our local and our State officials? How do we help to remove barriers so we can end this epidemic in our country? Last year, 63,632 Americans lost their lives to drug abuse and drug overdose, and 1,600 of those were Tennesseans. We can all tell you these stories, and I tell you as a mom and as a friend, so many times when you talk to families and talk to people who have been so af-fected and so impacted by this, they talk about family members and co-workers and individuals that they are in contact with every single day and how we need to work on this issue with opioids, with fentanyl, with heroin, with cocaine, these illicit drugs that are flooding our streets, as well as the pills. Now, last October, during a hearing when Dr. Gottlieb was before us and we were conducting oversight with the FDA, one of the things that he men-tioned was there were some changes that they needed to see in Federal law. The number one change they needed was permission to work some changes in Federal statute for how they would work in these international mail facili-ties. As we have said, there are hundreds of millions of packages. As Congress-man GREEN said, they cannot get ahead of the work. So we have come together. The Stop Illicit Drug Importation Act is something that will be helpful to getting the job done and getting these drugs off the streets. Indeed, they will never get to the streets. They will never get to the streets because there will be the ability to stop them and dispose of these drugs before they ever get to the streets. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5752, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CURBING REALISTIC EXPLOITA-TIVE ELECTRONIC PEDOPHILIC ROBOTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4655) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the im-portation or transportation of child sex dolls, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4655 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Curbing Re-alistic Exploitative Electronic Pedophilic Robots Act of 2017’’ or as the ‘‘CREEPER Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds as follows: (1) There is a correlation between posses-sion of the obscene dolls, and robots, and possession of and participation in child por-nography. (2) The physical features, and potentially the ‘‘personalities’’ of the robots are customizable or morphable and can resemble actual children. (3) Some owners and makers of the robots have made their children interact with the robots as if the robots are members of the family. (4) The robots can have settings that simu-late rape. (5) The dolls and robots not only lead to rape, but they make rape easier by teaching the rapist about how to overcome resistance and subdue the victim. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.043 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5120 June 13, 2018 
(6) For users and children exposed to their use, the dolls and robots normalize submis-siveness and normalize sex between adults and minors. (7) As the Supreme Court has recognized, obscene material is often used as part of a method of seducing child victims. (8) The dolls and robots are intrinsically related to abuse of minors, and they cause the exploitation, objectification, abuse, and rape of minors. 
SEC. 3. PROHIBITION OF IMPORTATION OR TRANSPORTATION OF CHILD SEX DOLLS. 
Section 1462 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (a), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (b), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (3) by inserting after paragraph (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) any child sex doll; or’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In this section, the term ‘child sex doll’ means an anatomically-correct doll, man-nequin, or robot, with the features of, or with features that resemble those of, a minor, intended for use in sexual acts.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous materials on H.R. 4655 cur-rently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today we consider the Curbing Realistic Exploitative Elec-tronic Pedophilic Robots Act of 2017. It criminalizes the importation and transportation of child sex dolls. I have mixed feelings today about bringing this bill to the floor. I am happy that this legislation is moving through, and we are taking steps to ad-dress a problem that very much needs to be addressed. I am distraught, how-ever, that this problem even exists. I am saddened that there are people in this world who would create realistic child sex dolls and distraught that there are people in this world who would buy them. These dolls are being manufactured in China and Japan and being shipped all over the world. Consumers can order bespoke dolls providing pictures of specific children they would like the doll to resemble. They can indicate a preferred facial expression, such as sad-ness or fear. These dolls can be pro-grammed to simulate rape. The very thought makes me nauseous. While a small group of people advo-cate for the use of these dolls to curb pedophilia, there is absolutely no sci-entific literature supporting this view. To the contrary, these dolls create a real risk of reinforcing pedophilic be-havior, and they desensitize the user, causing him to engage in sicker and sicker behavior. They put our children in danger, and we must not tolerate them. In April of this year, Amazon an-nounced it was removing anatomically correct child sex dolls from its website. I call upon all internet-based retailers and media platforms to do the same. Australia and the United Kingdom have already taken steps to criminalize the importation of child sex dolls and are actively prosecuting these cases. There is no reason that the United States should not follow suit. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. DONOVAN of New York for intro-ducing this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, sex toys with children is disgusting, and I believe it is some-thing that one would want simply to say pass a bill to cease and desist. But I would like to discuss H.R. 4655, the Curbing Realistic Exploitative Electronic Pedophilic Robots Act of 2017, also known as the CREEPER Act of 2017. There is no doubt that we oppose what this bill is intending to do. The bill seeks to prohibit the importation and transportation of child sex dolls. There is no doubt that child sexual exploitation is a serious, grave problem in our country. It is a growing and ever-evolving problem that requires a multifaceted response, and one might argue that the creation of these dolls, besides being exploitation of our most precious resource, is just to make money. That is absolutely both dis-graceful and absurd. Combating child sexual exploitation requires aggressive action by the Con-gress of the United States, and we must remain always vigilant to stamp out any new methods in technology de-veloped and used by child predators to harm our children. Just yesterday, the Department of Justice announced that, in a coordi-nated effort spanning all 50 States dur-ing March, April, and May, 2,300 sus-pected child sex offenders were ar-rested. In my own hometown of Hous-ton in 2016, 126 people were arrested as online predators as part of a coordi-nated effort to tackle the problem of child exploitation; and last year, 13 were arrested. We must protect our children every-where from any and all bad actors who want to do them harm. I am concerned, however, that the majority has not given us sufficient time to properly consider this bill, its basis for making a correlation between the possession of obscene dolls and possession of child pornography, and its relation to child abuse. Those are important points, and I know that this bill has great inten-tions. We might have made it even greater. We also did not have the opportunity to assess whether this bill would impli-cate a reporting statute for sex offend-ers or to identify any other problems and perhaps an opportunity to offer ways to improve this bill to ensure we are, in fact, protecting all of our chil-dren. Mr. Speaker, I look forward, how-ever, to hearing further in the discus-sion of this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ), the chief sponsor of this leg-islation. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding to me. Before I came to Congress, I was an elected district attorney for 12 years in Staten Island, New York. Prior to that, I spent 8 years in the Manhattan DA’s office as a prosecutor. Very few things disturb me after all of those 20 years of prosecuting cases, but then it came to my attention about sex dolls being shipped from foreign lands to the United States for only one purpose: to be used as sex objects that simulate a young child. As the chairman spoke earlier, these dolls can be formed. They can be cre-ated. They can be designed to appear in any shape or form that the abuser wants them to be. They have realistic eyelashes, realistic hair, warming de-vices, and cleaning apparatuses. They are totally, as my good friend from Texas said, disgusting. b1430 They appear to be lifelike replicas of young children. A fully customized doll can cost up to $10,000. But the dolls that the chairman was referring to on Amazon were as low as $409 with free shipping. That is less than the cost of an iPhone. The good news is, as the chairman brought out, Amazon no longer sells these products. The bad news is the dolls are still available for sale on other websites. The dolls when they are shipped are purposely labeled as man-nequins to disguise what their true purpose is. Science has shown that dolls nor-malize pedophilic behavior rather than discourage pedophiles from acting out on their urges or aggression. The bill is supported by the Stop Abuse Campaign, the Stop Child Preda-tors, and the Foundation for Respon-sible Robotics. Over 166,000 signatures have been written on a petition by Change.org. This demonstrates that this bill is something that the Amer-ican people want. In the first year of its ban, the United Kingdom found that 85 percent of the men who possessed these dolls also possessed child pornography. We are trying to get ahead of this problem. We are trying to protect chil-dren. I believe this legislation will pro-tect countless children from pedophiles throughout our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.018 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5121 June 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his support, and I urge all of my colleagues in the House to pass H.R. 4655, the CREEPER Act. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume to close. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for his explanation of the CREEPER bill. As I stated, it is dis-gusting, but, more importantly, it harms our children. What we want to do in this Congress is to ensure that not only do we reg-ister our concern for the fairness of the criminal justice system, the criminal code, but that we provide the greatest protection we can ever provide for our children. So the idea of sex toys and the utili-zation of child sex toys is what I want to be clear, and the importation and transportation is a dastardly act. I hope as this bill makes its way through the Congress that we will be assured that it frames itself to go after those who are the most vile and vicious as it relates to the child sex toys and in keeping with the confines and the pa-rameters of a just criminal code. Might I also just say that I just feel compelled, as the gentleman I know has worked on many issues, to remind this House that we have a crisis at the border. It is very important as we re-late to children and children being taken away from families—mothers— that we also turn our attention to pro-tecting those children. So with that point, I want to indicate my support for effective measures to protect our children. I thank the gen-tleman for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this truly is, as the gen-tlewoman from Texas said, a disgusting topic, but it is one that I think is very necessary to protect our children and to protect our society. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I, again, thank the gentleman from New York for offering it. His experi-ence as a prosecutor and his testimony to how horrific he finds it, even as a veteran prosecutor, should tell all the Members all they need to know about how important it is to pass this bill and start doing what the United King-dom and Australia are already doing, and that is getting after the people who would import this kind of trash into the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4655. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. REAUTHORIZING AND EXTENDING GRANTS FOR RECOVERY FROM OPIOID USE PROGRAMS ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6029) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6029 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reauthor-izing and Extending Grants for Recovery from Opioid Use Programs Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘REGROUP Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE COMPREHEN-SIVE OPIOID ABUSE GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1001(a)(27) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10261(a)(27)) is amended by striking ‘‘through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘and 2018, and $330,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 6029, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, in July 2016, Congress enacted the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, otherwise known as CARA. The statistics then were shock-ing, and, unfortunately, they have not yet subsided. In 2016, more than 64,000 Americans died from drug overdoses, including illicit drugs and prescription opioids. This figure has nearly doubled in the past decade. Part of CARA created a comprehen-sive opioid abuse reduction program at the Department of Justice which di-rects Federal resources for drug abuse programs targeted at the opioid prob-lem within our criminal justice sys-tem. By establishing this competitive grant program, CARA gives States and localities maximum flexibility to at-tack opioid abuse issues unique to their communities. States are now able to use the grant funds for a variety of important criminal justice programs, including alternatives to incarcer-ation, treatment programs for incar-cerated individuals, juvenile opioid abuse, investigation and enforcement of drug trafficking and distribution laws, and significant training for first responders in carrying and admin-istering opioid overdose reversal drugs, like naloxone. States can enlist non-profit organizations, including faith- based organizations, in the fight against opioid abuse. In 2016, CARA authorized this new program at $103 million annually over 5 years. However, 3 months ago, Con-gress tripled that authorization to $330 million, including funds for drug courts, mental health courts, residen-tial drug abuse treatment for State prisoners, and veterans’ treatment courts. Therefore, the bill before us re-sults in no net increase in spending au-thorizations and no additional burden on the American taxpayer, which is a responsible, good government approach to this epidemic. This bill reauthorizes the CARA pro-gram through 2023, so we can make sure there is no lapse in our efforts against drug addiction. While Members of this body should be proud of our accomplishments, there is still much more work to do. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and thereby reassure all Americans that we are committed to fighting the opioid epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this is, again, a topic that is impacting so many Americans. I recall the CARA Act that the Judici-ary Committee passed out some 2 years ago, a miraculous piece of legislation because we did not criminalize, we sought to help those who have been badly addicted to drugs. I rise in support of H.R. 6029, the RE-GROUP Act. This bill increases the funding authorized for the Department of Justice’s Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program from $103 million per year to $330 million per year through the fiscal year 2023. The opioid crisis is a national emer-gency, and we should certainly expend the resources to prevent opioid abuse and treat those who have become ad-dicted. We have found that the over-criminalization of these persons who are addicted has not served us well. They have generated a whole popu-lation of persons who have been labeled under the topic, but realistically it is impacting their lives: mass incarcer-ation. In the United States, drug overdoses are the leading cause of accidental death, with opioids being involved in nearly two-thirds of overdose deaths. Overall, the number of drug overdose deaths has nearly quadrupled over the past 20 years. Although effective for the treatment of pain, prescription opioids are highly addictive, and nearly half of all U.S. opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.047 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5122 June 13, 2018 
Many Members understand that this became part of the wave of new treat-ment that medical school students and doctors were told and instructed, that a patient should not have to suffer pain. It had good intentions. But through that process of medical treat-ment became a population of extended addicted persons who began to use a prescription drug as a drug of use and recreation, and then those who were given it in the medical sense who were able to get it over and over again on the basis of pain became addicted. Overall, the number of drug overdose deaths has nearly quadrupled, as I said, and this has been thought of as an ef-fective treatment for pain. Prescrip-tion opioids are highly addictive, and nearly half of all U.S. opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid, as I have said. Deaths related to heroin have simi-larly increased as individuals often transition from more expensive pre-scription opioids to cheaper heroin which has had a rise in its use. In 2016, Congress adopted this pro-gram, as I indicated, the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, as we refer to it. The Judiciary Committee had a portion of that legis-lation. CARA was a well-intentioned initiative to enhance the efforts against opioids across the range of rel-evant executive branch agencies, in-volving the jurisdiction of several of our committees in the House. I was pleased that the Judiciary Committee’s contribution to this effort resulted in the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program which reflects an approach not strictly based on arrest-ing and prosecuting. At the time, I noted with approval that we were not raising sentences or expanding mandatory minimums, but instead funding a range of approaches, including anti-addiction mechanisms such as treatment alternatives to in-carceration, which fell under the De-partment of Justice. Such alternatives incentivized by this program include training for criminal justice agency personnel on substance abuse disorders, the imple-mentation of mental health courts, drug courts, and veterans’ treatment courts, assisting parents whose incar-ceration could result in children enter-ing the child welfare system, and com-munity-based substance abuse diver-sion programs. It is well-known by Members that if you have one of these courts in your jurisdiction, they have been powerful. Mental health courts, drug courts, and veterans’ courts have steered a lot of people away from incarceration. They work well. The judges believe they are constructive, and we are doing more for people. In 2015, we learned through a Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations Subcommittee hearing about the success of a newly developed Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion, or LEAD, approach that was spear-headed in cities such as Seattle and Santa Fe. Through the program we are extend-ing today, hopefully we will make it easier for other cities to afford to im-plement diversion programs such as LEAD. Other purposes for which these grants may be used include providing training and resources for first re-sponders in administering opioid over-dose reversal drugs, expanding medica-tion-assisted treatment programs oper-ated by criminal justice agencies, im-plementing prescription drug moni-toring programs, preventing opioid abuse by juveniles, and implementing prescription drug take-back programs, in addition to investigating the illicit distribution of opioids. This funding will be an added con-tribution to these very vital programs, and I hope that we will be in the busi-ness every day of saving lives and turn-ing around those addicted persons who not only are hurting themselves, but they are hurting their families. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6029, the REGROUP Act. This bill increases the funding authorized for the Department of Jus-tice’s Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program from $103 million per year to $330 million per year through fiscal year 2023. The opioid crisis is a national emergency, and we should certainly expend the resources necessary to prevent opioid abuse and treat those who have become addicted. In the United States, drug overdoses are the leading cause of accidental death, with opioids being involved in nearly two thirds of overdose deaths. Overall, the number of drug overdose deaths has nearly quadrupled over the past twenty years. Although effective for the treat-ment of pain, prescription opioids are highly addictive and nearly half of all U.S. opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid. Deaths related to heroin have similarly in-creased, as individuals often transition from more expensive prescription opioids to cheap-er heroin. In 2016, Congress adopted this program as part of the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act, or ‘‘CARA’’ as we often refer to it. CARA was a well-intentioned initiative to en-hance the efforts against opioids across the range of relevant executive branch agencies, involving the jurisdiction of several of our Committees in the House. I was pleased that the Judiciary Commit-tee’s contribution to this effort, resulted in the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program, which reflects an approach not strictly based on arresting and prosecuting. At the time, I noted with approval that we were not raising sentences or expanding man-datory minimums, but instead funding a range of approaches including anti-addiction mecha-nisms such as treatment alternatives to incar-ceration. Such alternatives incentivized by this Pro-gram include training for criminal justice agen-cy personnel on substance abuse disorders, the implementation of mental health courts, drug courts, and veterans’ treatment courts, assisting parents whose incarceration could result in children entering the child welfare system, and community-based substance abuse diversion programs. In 2015, we learned through a Crime Sub-committee hearing about the success of the newly-developed Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion, or LEAD, approach that was spear-headed in cities such as Seattle and Santa Fe. Through the program we are extending today, hopefully we will make it easier for other cities to afford to implement diversion program such as LEAD. Other purposes for which these grants may be used include providing training and re-sources for first responders to administer opioid overdose reversal drugs, expanding medication-assisted treatment programs oper-ated by criminal justice agencies, imple-menting prescription drug monitoring pro-grams, preventing opioid abuse by juveniles, and implementing prescription drug take-back programs, in addition to investigating the illicit distribution of opioids. More than 80 percent of the defendants sentenced for crack cocaine offenses were Af-rican Americans, despite the fact that more than 66 percent of crack users were either White or Hispanic. In 2010, we reduced the sentencing dis-parity between crack and powder cocaine from 100 to 1 to 18 to 1, but we did not even make those changes apply retroactively, and the re-maining disparity—and the remaining manda-tory nature of the penalty—remains. There is more to do, and there is no excuse to allow such injustices to persist even as Congress attempts to take credit for efforts to address the opioid crisis. As former Attorney General Eric Holder said when he instituted his initiative to address some of the inequities with respect to pros-ecuting drug crimes, we need to be ‘‘Smart on Crime.’’ We do not need do not need more ‘‘get tough’’ rhetoric from President Trump or Attor-ney General Sessions about imposing the death penalty for drug crimes. And we should not be telling prosecutors to ratchet up crimi-nal charges and penalties for drug offenders. None of that solves the problem. Instead of doubling down on failed policies that do nothing more than proliferate misery, we need real leadership, involving a commit-ment to increase resources for alternatives that we know are actually effective. And so, while we should support this bill, we should do more to promote a broader and more just approach for all drugs, and re-insti-tuting policies that reflect the need to be ‘‘Smart on Crime.’’ Mr. Speaker, I hope the funding we appro-priate in the years to come will match the in-creased authorization for funding the Com-prehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program ad-ministered by the Department of Justice. But we must do more than write checks, we must challenge ourselves to change our mindset and methodology in the way we ad-dress drug abuse across the range of sub-stances that we have criminalized. After years of failed policies, we should have learned that we cannot arrest or incar-cerate our way out of any drug crisis, and mass incarceration—fueled primary by drug- related arrests—has harmed our communities in many ways. Therefore, as I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill today, I also ask that we commit ourselves to extending this con-versation past today so that we can work to-gether to reform our drug laws, our sentencing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.049 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5123 June 13, 2018 
laws, and broaden our approaches to pre-venting and addressing drug abuse. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), whom I failed to note in my opening remarks is the chief sponsor of this legislation and someone very dedi-cated to addressing problems with opioid abuse. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, H.R. 6029, the Reauthorizing and Extending Grants for Recovery from Opioid Use Programs Act of 2018, or the REGROUP Act. In simple terms, this bill will help our Nation continue the fight against the opioid crisis. The REGROUP Act does two things. First, it reauthorizes and extends the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Program administered through the Department of Justice for an addi-tional 2 years through 2023. Second, it also raises authorized funding levels for these programs from $103 million to $330 million for each fiscal year. b1445 Mr. Speaker, back in my district in western Pennsylvania, the opioid crisis is still a huge problem that continues to destroy lives, hurt families, and plague entire communities. While we have made some progress, there is much more work to be done. Therefore, we must not only continue to support the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Program, but enhance it with additional funding. Originally authorized in the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016, or CARA, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Program authorized valu-able grant resources to States and lo-calities suffering from the epidemic. These competitive grant programs offer a wide variety of support at all phases of this fight, from first respond-ers to those suffering from substance abuse. More specifically, the DOJ has devel-oped various grant programs for first responders fighting on the front lines, programs that support drug courts and veteran treatment courts. It also pro-vides grants for increasing collabora-tion between criminal justice agencies and substance abuse agencies. Further-more, it even has programs that help develop the prescription drug moni-toring programs. For example, back in Beaver County and Allegheny County, we have veteran treatment courts that provide alter-native justice systems where those who suffer from addiction and who run afoul of the law can actually receive the care, treatment, and intervention they need. The alternate systems that these courts offer are precisely the type of programs that the REGROUP Act will support. Courts like these help break the cycle of addiction for individuals and, hopefully, save lives in the proc-ess. Our whole society benefits when someone breaks the chain of addiction. Mr. Speaker, if we are to end the opioid crisis, we must attack this prob-lem at all levels. We must be com-mitted to this fight for the long term, and we must increase support for these programs. The REGROUP Act will help us continue this fight against the opioid crisis. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership and for his concern for what has been a deadly journey for many Americans. As I close, I would like to share just a moment of the devastating impact that this epidemic of drugs has had in many communities. More than 80 percent of the defend-ants sentenced for crack cocaine of-fenses were African Americans, despite the fact that more than 66 percent of crack cocaine users were either White or Hispanic. In 2010, we reduced the sentencing disparity between crack and powder co-caine from 100-to-1 to 18-to-1. We did not even make those changes apply retroactively. The remaining disparity and the remaining mandatory nature of the penalty remains. Therefore, there is much to do. This bill will help us a lot, but there is no excuse to continue to allow peo-ple, as is evidenced by the recent par-don by the administration of an indi-vidual who had been incarcerated on a drug offense, no excuse for us to allow these injustices to persist, even as we proceed to work on this opioid epi-demic. So I think it is extremely important that, as former Attorney General Eric Holder said when he instituted his ini-tiative to address some of the inequi-ties with respect to prosecuting drug crimes, we need to be smart on crime. Treatment is very important. This leg-islation raising the amount of grant money to help with the courts and treatment elements will be a major as-pect to saving lives. But we do not need to continue to get tough in another arena where we are speaking about raising penalties, im-posing the death penalty for drug crimes, as the Attorney General has of-fered. We should not be telling prosecu-tors to ratchet up criminal charges and penalties for drug offenders. None of that solves the problem. What we are doing today will solve the problem. Instead of doubling down on failing policies that do not do any-thing more than proliferate misery for the incarcerated person who really needs treatment, as well as the family, we need real leadership involving a commitment to increase resources for the alternatives we know are actually effective. I really do believe the veterans courts, for example, are a Godsend to many of our veterans who come back and truly need help. They are so grate-ful for help. They may have gotten ad-dicted while in the service or because of circumstances after leaving the service, including issues dealing with their own psychological needs. In any event, we know that they have served their Nation. Continuing to support those kinds of alternatives are extremely important, and we should support this bill so that we can continue those alternatives, but we need to make sure that we speak against those approaches that ignore the Smart on Crime. I would ask that we reinstitute the Smart on Crime, which diminishes the number of people who get caught up in the system who are just truly addicted from the ter-rible plight that they have with drug addiction. As we work to do more, we must en-sure that we look at the crisis as it re-lates to mass incarceration. We must also treat all of the addictions—crack cocaine—as the same, because it spreads throughout our Nation. So as we continue this conversation, again, I add my appreciation to the Congressman from Pennsylvania, the chairman, and Ranking Member N
AD-
LER. As we rise to support this legisla-tion, let us continue to seek to reform our drug laws, let us reform our sen-tencing laws, and let us broaden our approaches to preventing and address-ing drug abuse. I think the experts will tell us that that has been one of the most effective pathways to get people away from drugs and to get their lives and the lives of their families restored. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I, too, want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). I want to thank the gentlewoman, the ranking member of the Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations Subcommittee for her dedica-tion to addressing this very serious problem. I want to urge all of my colleagues to join us in supporting this fine legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6029. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EARLY CHILDHOOD TRAUMA RELATED TO SUB-STANCE ABUSE ACT OF 2018 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5889) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to dissemi-nate information, resources, and if re-quested, technical assistance to early 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.020 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5124 June 13, 2018 
childhood care and education providers and professionals working with young children on ways to properly recognize and respond to children who may be impacted by trauma related to sub-stance abuse. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5889 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Recognizing Early Childhood Trauma Related to Sub-stance Abuse Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. RECOGNIZING EARLY CHILDHOOD TRAU-MA RELATED TO SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
(a) D ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall disseminate information, resources, and, if requested, technical assistance to early childhood care and education providers and professionals working with young chil-dren on— (1) ways to properly recognize children who may be impacted by trauma related to sub-stance abuse by a family member or other adult, and (2) how to respond appropriately in order to provide for the safety and well-being of young children and their families. (b) G
OALS .—The information, resources, and technical assistance provided under sub-section (a) shall— (1) educate early childhood care and edu-cation providers and professionals working with young children on understanding and identifying the early signs and risk factors of children who might be impacted by trau-ma due to exposure to substance abuse, (2) suggest age-appropriate communication tools, procedures, and practices for trauma- informed care, including ways to prevent or mitigate the effects of trauma, (3) provide options for responding to chil-dren impacted by trauma due to exposure to substance abuse that consider the needs of the child and family, including recom-mending resources and referrals for evi-dence-based services to support such family, and (4) promote whole-family and multi- generational approaches to prevent separa-tion and support re-unification of families whenever possible and in the best interest of the child. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Such informa-tion, resources, and if applicable, technical assistance, shall not be construed to amend the requirements under— (1) the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), (2) the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), or (3) the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) and the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5889. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5889, Recognizing Early Child-hood Trauma Related to Substance Abuse Act of 2018. Last year, we lost more Virginians to opioid overdoses than any other year in the last decade. For 5 years now, fatal drug overdoses are the leading cause of unnatural death in Virginia. In 2017, the average overdose rate across Virginia was 14 per 1,000 people. But in Henrico County, the rate has in-creased from 11.5 in 2015 to 19.6 in 2017. In fact, 87 percent of inmates in Henrico County identified drug in-volvement as being a direct or an indi-rect reason for their incarceration. That is 87 percent. Out of the 1,007 in-mates jailed for drug involvement, a plurality began using at age 13. The largest overdose rate last year was in Culpeper County, which in-creased from about 22.5 per 1,000 people in 2015 to 38 in 2017. We are losing friends, family members, and neighbors every day. Last November, the Committee on Education and the Workforce held a hearing to examine how opioids are im-pacting communities across America. During the hearing, members heard testimony from Ms. Toni Miner, a fam-ily support partner for Child and Youth Leadership who uses her own past struggle with drug abuse to help other families and children who need help overcoming addiction. In her testi-mony, Miner told members that: ‘‘Ad-diction is a family disease, and if the whole family is not treated, history will continue to repeat itself.’’ One of the unintended consequences of the opioid epidemic is that addiction has devastated not only the lives of users, but the lives of their families as well. Maybe the most tragic reality of this epidemic is it has devastated the lives of our children. Half of opioid overdose deaths occur among men and women ages 25 to 44, and many of these individuals are par-ents. The number of children in the U.S. foster care system is increasing, and a recent study showed almost one in three children who were placed in the foster care system in 2015 entered at least partially due to parental drug abuse. In Virginia, there were 5,295 children in foster care as of April. These chil-dren, and those living with an addicted caregiver, experience unimaginable hardship and trauma and, thus, have unique needs. When these tragedies occur, the children need the commu-nity’s help. The professionals working at child care homes and centers, Head Start programs, faith-based organizations, camps, doctors’ offices, and many other places are in a special position to iden-tify and assist children affected by sub-stance abuse. However, they may not have the preparation and education needed to recognize the risk factor as-sociated with childhood trauma due to an adult’s substance abuse. Information and resources from the Department of Health and Human Services could help educate child care and early education providers how to identify risk factors and respond appro-priately when faced with a child expe-riencing trauma related to substance abuse. Such information and resources will help keep more children safe while aiding in the healthy development and well-being of the child and promoting whole-family approaches whenever pos-sible. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5889, which would help reduce child-hood trauma by requiring the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to provide information and technical as-sistance to early childhood profes-sionals about the best ways to help treat children struggling with trauma related to substance abuse exposure. Children exposed to adverse childhood experiences, or ACEs, are more likely to suffer from substance use disorder later in life. We can save money and lives by better supporting these chil-dren. I recently held a listening tour throughout northwest Oregon to better understand how opioids are devastating our communities and to identify and discuss the tools we need to combat this epidemic. I heard from healthcare professionals, families who lost loved ones, individuals in recovery, and com-munity leaders, who all called for greater Federal investment to fight back against opioids. One of the discus-sions I convened focuses specifically on the needs of children and how we can better support them to succeed both in the classroom and in life. Busy educators and other early child-hood professionals now often find themselves serving as first responders to a growing crisis. Some schools in my home State of Oregon are adopting a trauma-informed care approach to bet-ter support affected students. For instance, Warrenton Grade School, which I recently visited, is a shining example. They are deliberately building a ‘‘culture of care’’ that fo-cuses on meeting the emotional needs of children hand-in-hand with their academic growth. b1500 Schools and especially school-based health centers are already facing budg-et shortages and urgently need addi-tional resources for prevention pro-grams and for screening. I encourage my colleagues to support the passage of this legislation, but this bill will not be effective if we don’t in-vest in comprehensive supports for young children and their parents. Traumatic events during childhood often trigger substance abuse later in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.053 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5125 June 13, 2018 
life. It is vital that we support early learning initiatives to provide children the comprehensive support they need, including programs like Head Start and home visiting programs. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gressman B
RAT and Congressman O’H
ALLERAN for their work on this leg-islation. I know they care a lot about this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ), a cosponsor of this legis-lation. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Recog-nizing Early Childhood Trauma Re-lated to Substance Abuse Act. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for teaming up with me to protect and help the most vulnerable victims of the opioid epidemic ravaging our commu-nities across America and our children. As a former police officer, I know what the impacts of addiction and overdoses can do to young family mem-bers. The trauma is real, and the ef-fects can be lifelong for many innocent kids. We know from research that this type of trauma can affect school per-formance, behavior, and the likelihood of substance abuse years later. Nobody is more deserving of our at-tention and our resources than these kids. It is why I was proud to introduce the Recognizing Early Childhood Trau-ma Related to Substance Abuse Act with my colleague. This bipartisan bill will help address and reduce childhood trauma caused by the abuse of illegal substances by parents and guardians. The rising abuse of opioids and other illegal drugs is not only devastating communities across this great Nation; it is jeopardizing the futures of mil-lions of young children who are living through untold traumatic experiences. This commonsense bipartisan legisla-tion will support early childhood pro-fessionals, give them the tools they need to identify trauma, and support kids with age-appropriate resources. In rural America, skyrocketing over-dose rates have had a tremendous im-pact on every aspect of our commu-nities, including our schools and our early-childhood institutions. In Ari-zona, opioid and heroin overdose rates have risen sharply since 2012. It is past time for action to bring re-sources into our neighborhoods and tackle these issues. Kids affected by substance abuse disorder need our at-tention now to ensure every single one of them has the bright future they de-serve. I am glad Congress agrees and is working across the aisle to take this important step forward. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support on this bill, and I look forward to its passage and implementation at this urgent time for families across America and the Na-tion. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Congresswoman BONAMICI , for her great work in com-mittee and for her always keen in-sights and great presentation today as well. I would also like to personally thank the sheriffs back at home. I am refer-ring to Henrico Sheriff Mike Wade and Chesterfield County Sheriff Karl Leon-ard. I thank them for helping with the statistics they do and for their recov-ery programs back at home in Chester-field and Henrico. They do outstanding work, along with some of the other re-covery folks. John Shinholser and many of our faith community work hand in hand on this across the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5889, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, once again, I want to thank Congressman B
RATand Congressman O’H ALLERAN for their work on this important legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ARTON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5889. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ASSISTING STATES’ IMPLEMENTA-TION OF PLANS OF SAFE CARE ACT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5890) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide assistance to States in complying with, and implementing, certain provisions of section 106 of the Child Abuse Pre-vention and Treatment Act in order to promote better protections for young children and family-centered re-sponses, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5890 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Assisting States’ Implementation of Plans of Safe Care Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ASSISTING STATES WITH IMPLEMENTA-TION OF PLANS OF SAFE CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide written guidance and, if appropriate, technical as-sistance to support States in complying with, and implementing, subsections (b)(2)(B)(iii) and (d)(18) of section 106 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) in order to promote better protections for young children and family- centered responses. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—The guidance and technical assistance shall— (1) enhance States’ understanding of re-quirements and flexibilities under the law, including clarifying key terms; (2) address State-identified challenges with developing, implementing, and monitoring plans of safe care; (3) disseminate best practices related to developing and implementing plans of safe care, including differential response, collabo-ration and coordination, and identification and delivery of services, while recognizing needs of different populations and varying community approaches across States; (4) support collaboration between health care providers, social service agencies, public health agencies, and the child welfare sys-tem, to promote a family-centered treat-ment approach; (5) prevent separation and support reunifi-cation of families if in the best interests of the child; (6) recommend treatment approaches for serving infants, pregnant women, and postpartum women whose infants may be af-fected by substance use that are designed to keep infants with their mothers and families whenever appropriate, including rec-ommendations to encourage pregnant women to receive health and other support services during pregnancy; (7) support State efforts to develop tech-nology systems to manage and monitor im-plementation of plans of safe care; and (8) help States improve the long-term safe-ty and well-being of young children and their families. (c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The guidance and tech-nical assistance shall not be construed to amend the requirements of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.). (d) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ) and the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5890. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5890, the Assisting States’ Im-plementation of Plans of Safe Care Act. In 2016, a staggering 2.1 million Americans experienced an opioid abuse disorder. To put that in perspective, the number of fatalities based on opioid abuse in the most recent year approaches the number 60,000. To put that in perspective, it is nearly sixfold the number of alcohol-related deaths on our highways. It is nearly twofold the number of automotive deaths on our highways. It is, in fact, greater than the number of deaths from auto-mobiles plus nonsuicide-related fire-arms deaths combined. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.055 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5126 June 13, 2018 
What is more troubling is that this number only takes into account those who directly suffered from substance abuse. What it does not take into ac-count are the many people who experi-enced the secondhand trauma of a loved one struggling with opioid addic-tion. One of the greatest tragedies of the opioid epidemic is that thousands of children have been swept up by the cur-rent of the epidemic due to the sub-stance abuse of a family member or other adult tasked with caring for them. The Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, CAPTA, recently amended in 2016 by the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, CARA, re-quires States to implement a plan of safe care to protect the health and safety of young children and promote a family-centered approach to treatment and service delivery. Unfortunately, the requirements included by CARA failed to provide States with sub-stantive guidance and information, which has led to significant confusion and poor implementation of plans of safe care. States and localities might benefit from written guidance and technical assistance provided by the Department of Health and Human Services as they strive to meet Federal requirements and address the known challenges in their individual plans. Through an en-hanced understanding of the require-ments, States will be able to better protect the well-being of children and infants when working with families im-pacted by the trauma related to opioid abuse. It is clear the opioid epidemic is al-ready multigenerational in nature, as children must confront the pain of an addicted parent or guardian. By strengthening States’ responsiveness and plans of safe care, we can help give these children the protection they need while strengthening families for long- term success and stability. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5890. The most recent omnibus legisla-tion increased funding for the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, or CAPTA, by $60 million, and this bill would help States improve their sup-port for infants, children, and families suffering from the opioid epidemic by requiring Health and Human Services to provide guidance to States on how to implement effective plans of safe care. Pregnant women and young mothers can face seemingly insurmountable challenges when struggling with addic-tion. I think about Tiffany, whom I met in Oregon. She is from Happy Val-ley, Oregon, and her struggle with ad-diction began after she was prescribed medication following a C-section for her third child’s birth. After having to send her kids to live with her mom, she was finally able to access treatment and other support services. She is now clean, in recovery, able to care for her kids again, and, im-portantly, help others. We must do everything we can to support moms like Tiffany and provide the necessary resources and care to parents and their children so they can have the opportunity to be reunited. Although I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, it is im-portant to note that CAPTA, even with the $60 million increase, is not fully funded. Only when CAPTA receives the full amount authorized under law will States be able to meet all requirements and adequately address the needs of children exposed to substance abuse. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues, Congressman G
ARRETT and Congresswoman M
URPHY , for their work on this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), the honorable chairwoman. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Virginia for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, across the country, communities are struggling to bear the heavy burden of the worsening trend to opioid addiction. At the Committee on Education and the Workforce, we like the idea of evidence-based policy-making. We like to see numbers and statistics. We have to remember, though, that these are never just num-bers; they are real people in our own communities. We have held hearings, spoken with experts, brainstormed solutions, and drafted bills. It has become abundantly clear to me that, for every person liv-ing with an opioid addiction, there are countless others who also have a steep price to pay. Few things are more dev-astating than witnessing a neighbor, a friend, a coworker, or a loved one fall prey to addiction and feeling powerless to stop it. I want to thank and commend mem-bers of the Committee on Education and the Workforce for leaving no stone unturned as we work to make healing possible to all victims of this scourge of addiction, not only those who are struggling with opioid abuse. Too many people, especially children, have been impacted by this scourge. Today’s bills are designed to bring re-lief to those who are affected by the ad-diction while addressing the needs of children and families who have been left in this tragedy’s wake. According to many experts, the worst of the opioid addiction is still to come. If we are to bring this senseless trag-edy to an end, we need to do all we can to ensure that the law addresses the needs of families, workplaces, and com-munities at large. I believe the bills the House is voting on today will do just that, and again, I commend the members of the Education and the Workforce Committee for all their hard work. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MUR-
PHY), who is a cosponsor of this legisla-tion. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I am proud to be the Democratic lead of this bipartisan bill, and I want to thank Mr. G
ARRETT of Virginia for working with me on this legislation. The purpose of our bill is to ensure that States have effective plans in place to protect infants who are inno-cent victims of the opioid epidemic. The bill aims to help Florida and other States develop evidence-based policies and procedures to properly care for ba-bies born dependent on drugs. b1515 Too many Americans and too many Floridians battle opioid addiction. As a mother, it breaks my heart to see inno-cent children suffer the consequences of adult addiction. We must do every-thing possible to ensure that drug-de-pendent babies receive proper care at the hospital and proper family, com-munity, and medical support once they are discharged. There are an estimated 2.1 million Americans addicted to opioids, typi-cally, to prescription painkillers. Ba-bies born to mothers who used opioids during pregnancy are at risk of an opioid withdrawal condition called neo-natal abstinence syndrome. While there are common and effective ways to treat this syndrome, there are no uniform protocols. Under Federal law, States are re-quired to develop a plan to safely care for infants exposed to substance abuse. However, a 2015 investigation by Reu-ters indicated that very few States have plans in place that fulfill this Federal requirement. As a result, too many infants exposed to substance abuse and their caregivers are not re-ceiving the comprehensive support they need. Our bill seeks to address this prob-lem. It would require HHS to provide guidance to States on how to imple-ment safe and effective plans to care for infants born dependent on drugs. It would ensure this guidance promotes evidence-based practices and encour-ages State governments to collaborate with healthcare providers, social serv-ice agencies, and other community stakeholders, and it would ensure that HHS’ guidance promotes family-cen-tered treatment that seeks to keep families intact whenever possible. Each year, thousands of babies in this country are born addicted to opioids, including about 4,000 in Flor-ida alone. These babies need our sup-port. This bill seeks to provide it. I re-spectfully ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close if the gentlewoman from Oregon would like to conclude her remarks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.057 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5127 June 13, 2018 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I want to encourage my colleagues to support this important legislation. I want to thank Congressman G
ARRETT and Con-gresswoman M
URPHY for their work on the legislation. I also want to thank Chairwoman F
OXX for reminding us that we are not just talking about ab-stract policy. We are talking about real people: men, women, and especially children who are affected by this crisis. So, again, thank you to the cospon-sors of the legislation. I urge its pas-sage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman from Florida, as well as the chairwoman from North Carolina and my friend and colleague from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). I strongly urge my colleagues of every political stripe to recognize that, perhaps while responsibility is best ex-ercised when taken and not given, we contemplate here the outcomes for so many innocents who are unable to de-termine their circumstance, that is, in-deed, children who are born into this horrific affliction of opioid addiction, and understand that, while one might wax poetic about things like personal responsibility and accountability, the Federal Government does, indeed, have a role to fill a vacuum where the States have not acted in the cir-cumstance wherein those who suffer suffer by virtue of circumstances far, far beyond their control. I would hope that the Members of this body on both sides would find themselves compelled by the sheer mathematical magnitude of the epi-demic that is the opioid crisis—again, one that takes more lives than nonsui-cide gun violence and automobile acci-dents combined, and one that impacts not just those who exercise choices but those impacted by circumstances far beyond their control—with this but a humble step, not a panacea, towards creating a better circumstance wherein all Americans experience something closer to an equal opportunity to pros-per. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues across both sides of the political spec-trum to vote in favor of H.R. 5890, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5890. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. IMPROVING THE FEDERAL RE-SPONSE TO FAMILIES IMPACTED BY SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER ACT Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5891) to establish an inter-agency task force to improve the Fed-eral response to families impacted by substance abuse disorders. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5891 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving the Federal Response to Families Impacted by Substance Use Disorder Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE TO IMPROVE THE FEDERAL RESPONSE TO FAMI-LIES IMPACTED BY SUBSTANCE USE DISORDERS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a task force, to be known as the ‘‘Interagency Task Force to Improve the Federal Response to Families Impacted by Substance Use Dis-orders’’ (in this section referred to as ‘‘Task Force’’). (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Task Force— (1) shall identify, evaluate, and recommend ways in which Federal agencies can better coordinate responses to substance use dis-orders and the opioid crisis; and (2) shall carry out the additional duties de-scribed in subsection (d). (c) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) N
UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .—The Task Force shall be composed of 12 Federal offi-cials having responsibility for, or admin-istering programs related to, the duties of the Task Force. The Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Sec-retary of Labor shall each appoint two mem-bers to the Task Force from among the Fed-eral officials employed by the Department of which they are the head. Additional Federal agency officials appointed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall fill the remaining positions of the Task Force. (2) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall designate a Fed-eral official employed by the Department of Health and Human Services to serve as the chairperson of the Task Force. (3) D
EADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT .—Each member shall be appointed to the Task Force not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) A
DDITIONAL AGENCY INPUT .—The Task Force may seek input from other Federal agencies and offices with experience, exper-tise, or information relevant in responding to the opioid crisis. (5) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Task Force shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. (6) P
ROHIBITION OF COMPENSATION .—Mem- bers of the Task Force may not receive pay, allowances, or benefits by reason of their service on the Task Force. (d) D
UTIES .—The Task Force shall carry out the following duties: (1) Solicit input from stakeholders, includ-ing frontline service providers, medical pro-fessionals, educators, mental health profes-sionals, researchers, experts in infant, child, and youth trauma, child welfare profes-sionals, and the public, in order to inform the activities of the Task Force. (2) Develop a strategy on how the Task Force and participating Federal agencies will collaborate, prioritize, and implement a coordinated Federal approach with regard to responding to substance use disorders, in-cluding opioid misuse, that shall include— (A) identifying options for the coordina-tion of existing grants that support infants, children, and youth, and their families as ap-propriate, who have experienced, or are at risk of experiencing, exposure to substance abuse disorders, including opioid misuse; and (B) other ways to improve coordination, planning, and communication within and across Federal agencies, offices, and pro-grams, to better serve children and families impacted by substance use disorders, includ-ing opioid misuse. (3) Based off the strategy developed under paragraph (2), evaluate and recommend op-portunities for local- and State-level part-nerships, professional development, or best practices that— (A) are designed to quickly identify and refer children and families, as appropriate, who have experienced or are at risk of expe-riencing exposure to substance abuse; (B) utilize and develop partnerships with early childhood education programs, local social services organizations, and health care services aimed at preventing or mitigating the effects of exposure to substance use dis-orders, including opioid misuse; (C) offer community-based prevention ac-tivities, including educating families and children on the effects of exposure to sub-stance use disorders, including opioid mis-use, and how to build resilience and coping skills to mitigate those effects; (D) in accordance with Federal privacy protections, utilize non-personally identifi-able data from screenings, referrals, or the provision of services and supports to evalu-ate and improve processes addressing expo-sure to substance use disorders, including opioid misuse; and (E) are designed to prevent separation and support reunification of families if in the best interest of the child. (4) In fulfilling the requirements of para-graphs (2) and (3), consider evidence-based, evidence-informed, and promising best prac-tices related to identifying, referring, and supporting children and families at risk of experiencing exposure to substance abuse or experiencing substance use disorder, includ-ing opioid misuse, including— (A) prevention strategies for those at risk of experiencing or being exposed to sub-stance abuse, including misuse of opioids; (B) whole-family and multi-generational approaches; (C) community-based initiatives; (D) referral to, and implementation of, trauma-informed practices and supports; and (E) multi-generational practices that as-sist parents, foster parents, and kinship and other caregivers (e) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App. 2) shall not apply to the Task Force. (f) ACTION PLAN; R EPORTS .—The Task Force— (1) shall prepare a detailed action plan to be implemented by participating Federal agencies to create a collaborative, coordi-nated response to the opioid crisis, which shall include— (A) relevant information identified and collected under subsection (d); (B) a proposed timeline for implementing recommendations and efforts identified under subsection (d); and (C) a description of how other Federal agencies and offices with experience, exper-tise, or information relevant in responding to the opioid crisis that have provided input under subsection (c)(4) will be participating in the coordinated approach; (2) shall submit to the Congress a report describing the action plan prepared under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.059 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5128 June 13, 2018 
paragraph (1), including, where applicable, identification of any recommendations in-cluded in such plan that require additional legislative authority to implement; and (3) shall submit a report to the Governors describing the opportunities for local- and State-level partnerships, professional devel-opment, or best practices recommended under subsection (d)(3). (g) D
ISSEMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The action plan and re-ports required under subsection (f) shall be— (A) disseminated widely, including among the participating Federal agencies and the Governors; and (B) be made publicly available online in an accessible format. (2) D
EADLINE .—The action plan and reports required under subsection (f) may be released on separate dates but shall be released not later than 9 months after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The Task Force shall terminate 30 days after the dissemination of the action plan and reports under subsection (g). (i) F
UNDING .—The administrative expenses of the Task Force shall be paid out of exist-ing Department of Health and Human Serv-ices funds or appropriations. (j) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: (1) The term ‘‘Governor’’ means the chief executive officer of a State. (2) The term ‘‘participating Federal agen-cies’’ means all the Executive agencies (as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code) whose officials have been appointed to the Task Force. (3) The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 5891. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, we have all heard about the opioid epidemic, and I always feel, despite the fact that it has been very publicized, it has still been underpub-licized. Over 40,000 people every year die of this epidemic. I am old enough to remember the Vietnam war, and it was relatively late in that war before we got to 41,000 deaths, and we all remember how that divided the country. There are more people that die in this year, every year, than the number of people who are both murdered and die in car accidents combined. I am on a variety of committees, and if you sit on almost any committee, I think, in this institution, eventually the topic of opioid abuse comes up. One of the things that hits me when it comes up is the degree to which there are varying opinions on what to do with this, and it varies from agency to agency. Therefore, what I am proposing in this bill is a task force that gets to-gether two representatives from the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Education, the Department of Agriculture, and the Department of Labor to look for solu-tions and look for best practices. The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices is also supposed to appoint four other members to this task force. I don’t want this to be one of the task forces that is hanging out there for too long. They have got to come back with recommendations within 9 months, and, hopefully, we will use these recommendations by this time next year on this floor. It is very frustrating, like I said, to attend these hearings and hear, among the experts, such divergent opinions as to how to save some lives here. We really cannot be spending more time on programs that don’t work or having the agencies not work with each other. I look forward to strong leadership in this committee. I expect that they will be taking advice from strong local leaders who have done what they can to address this epidemic around the country. We must put our full weight behind a coordinated strategy to bring stability and health to our commu-nities. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5891, which would establish an inter-agency task force to identify, evaluate, and recommend ways in which Federal agencies can better coordinate re-sponses to the opioid epidemic and carry out their authorized duties. Many factors have contributed to this crisis, and it will take significant efforts to overcome it. Throughout my listening tour around northwest Or-egon to discuss the opioid crisis, it be-came abundantly clear that local, State, and Federal officials must work together to address this epidemic and stem the loss of lives. As I previously mentioned, I heard from numerous providers, individuals in recovery, families who lost loved ones, teachers, community leaders, all who called for greater Federal invest-ment to fight back against opioids and more assistance for State and local en-tities that are working on the front lines. Because of the breadth of programs required to assist families, any govern-ment effort to address substance use disorder and the opioid crisis must be a coordinated and collaborative approach across agencies. I am hopeful that this interagency task force will result in a more collaborative plan of action to address the many issues facing my con-stituents and the other people across this country. I am, however, concerned that a plan of action without the necessary fund-ing to carry out the recommendations will remain just a plan. So I urge my colleagues to support providing suffi-cient resources to implement these so-lutions. I want to thank my colleagues, Con-gressman GROTHMAN and Congressman L
AMB, for their work on this legisla-tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. L
AMB), who I know is very concerned about this issue as well. Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support H.R. 5891, a bill I introduced with my Repub-lican colleague, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and I thank Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Ranking Member B
ONAMICI for their efforts. This bill is part of the fight against opioids. It creates an interagency task force to study how we can take the work that these government agencies are doing and do it even better. We have to do it better for the fami-lies that are affected, and I think the range of bills we are talking about today recognizes that. I thank my Re-publican colleagues for focussing on that because the mothers, the fathers, the brothers, and the sisters who have been left behind, they are our first line of defense, and they need our support. Mr. Speaker, heroin and opioid addic-tion is a full-blown crisis in western Pennsylvania. It is a disease that does not discriminate. People with money, people without money, people of all races, everyone has been affected, and our people are dying every single day. An entire generation of Americans, which is my generation, will have a huge hole in it where our brothers and our sisters should have been. Last year, we lost more than 60,000 Americans to the disease of drug addic-tion, and they left behind more than 60,000 families. For too long, those fam-ilies have carried too heavy of a burden with too little support from our gov-ernment. I can tell you about the first one of these families I met. When I was a prosecutor inves-tigating the death of their son, I met a family whose son reminded me of so many young men that I served in the Marines with. He was in his twenties. He was a hard worker. He was pre-scribed prescription drugs for an injury that he got on the job. He worked in the natural gas fields. He became ad-dicted to opioids, and he survived three different drug overdoses. His family kept him alive. They res-cued him from the side of the road when he had been in a car with other drug addicts who threw him out when he started to overdose. They fought for years to get him into treatment and fi-nally got him into a 30-day treatment program, where he went and succeeded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.023 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5129 June 13, 2018 
On the 31st day, that young man was released too soon, and his mother was in a near fatal car accident the same day. He spent the day staring at her in the ICU, and, no surprise, returned to heroin that same night and passed away the next morning. That man should still be with us today. He was discovered by his grandfather and by his brother, and that family will think about him and be asking for-ever what more they could have done. I have met them. I sat across from the father who cried in front of me and asked what else he could have done. The fact is that they are doing what they can, and if we, as a government, are going to ask them to do everything they can, we have to ask the same of ourselves. We have to have their back. H.R. 5891 is a positive step forward. That is what this is for. If this were any foreign military threat, we would study it in detail. We would proceed strategically with great discipline and in a bipartisan way, and that is what we are doing here. This bill requires Federal agencies to do something that they don’t always do on their own, which is talk to each other and to put families first. It also requires them to go listen to the people who are already working most closely with these families—nurses, doctors, teachers, therapists—so that we can use their testimony to make sure that this task force produces results and not just a report. That is something we have seen so far in western Pennsyl-vania. b1530 Our former U.S. attorney, David Hickton, led a local working group and task force in the western district of Pennsylvania, which then became the model for the National Heroin Task Force. Within a couple of years, they gathered enough data, enough testi-mony, and enough momentum that that became the basis for the White House’s unprecedented request for funding to fight this battle. Eventu-ally, this Chamber got together with the Senate and, in a bipartisan way, passed the 21st Century Cures Act. We need to harness that same spirit now. As Ranking Member B
ONAMICI  said, we need to spend more than we spent so far. This is an existential threat, and we need to treat it that way. Mr. Speaker, I thank, again, my col-league, Congressman G
ROTHMAN , and I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5891. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, my final comment on this issue, first of all, for the folks back home, is that when politicians talk about resources, they really mean money. Back in Wisconsin, when I think of resources, I think of timber, iron ore, oil, gas, and that sort of thing. But up here, I guess when we talk about resources, we mean money. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I, again, want to thank Congressman GROTHMAN and Congressman L AMB on this important legislation and empha-size again, that once we get the report from this task force, we need to have the funding—the resources, the money—to implement its recommenda-tions to make sure that it really helps the people we are serving. So, again, I thank them for their work on this leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my Democratic colleagues for making this a fine piece of bipartisan legislation. I hope when the rec-ommendations come back in 9 months, we can have another nice big bipar-tisan vote and move the recommenda-tions out. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5891. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ESTABLISHMENT OF AN ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON OPIOIDS AND THE WORKPLACE Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5892) to establish an Advisory Committee on Opioids and the Workplace to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the Department of Labor can take to address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5892 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ESTABLISHMENT OF AN ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON OPIOIDS AND THE WORKPLACE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall establish an Advisory Committee on Opioids and the Workplace (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’) to advise the Secretary on actions the Depart-ment of Labor can take to provide informa-tional resources and best practices on how to appropriately address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace and support workers abusing opioids. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—The Secretary of Labor shall appoint as members of the Advisory Committee 19 individuals with expertise in employment, workplace health programs, human resources, substance use disorder, and other relevant fields. The Advisory Com-mittee shall be composed as follows: (A) 4 of the members shall be individuals representative of employers or other organi-zations representing employers. (B) 4 of the members shall be individuals representative of workers or other organiza-tions representing workers, of which at least 2 must be representatives designated by labor organizations. (C) 3 of the members shall be individuals representative of health benefit plans, em-ployee assistance plan providers, workers’ compensation program administrators, and workplace safety and health professionals. (D) 8 of the members shall be individuals representative of substance abuse treatment and recovery experts, including medical doc-tors, licensed addiction therapists, and sci-entific and academic researchers, of which 1 individual may be a representative of a local or State government agency that oversees or coordinates programs that address substance use disorder. (2) CHAIR.—From the members appointed under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Labor shall appoint a chairperson. (3) T
ERMS .—Each member of the Advisory Committee shall serve for a term of three years. A member appointed to fill a vacancy shall be appointed only for the remainder of such term. (4) Q
UORUM .—A majority of members of the Advisory Committee shall constitute a quorum and action shall be taken only by a majority vote of the members. (5) V
OTING .—The Advisory Committee shall establish voting procedures. (6) N
O COMPENSATION .—Members of the Ad-visory Committee shall serve without com-pensation. (7) D
ISCLOSURE .—Every member of the Ad-visory Committee must disclose the entity, if applicable, that he or she is representing. (c) D
UTIES .— (1) A
DVISEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee established under subsection (a) shall advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the De-partment of Labor can take to provide infor-mational resources and best practices on how to appropriately address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace and support workers abusing opioids. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In providing such ad-vice, the Advisory Committee shall take into account— (i) evidence-based and other employer sub-stance abuse policies and best practices re-garding opioid use or abuse, including bene-fits provided by employee assistance pro-grams or other employer-provided benefits, programs, or resources; (ii) the effect of opioid use or abuse on the safety of the workplace as well as policies and procedures addressing workplace safety and health; (iii) the impact of opioid abuse on produc-tivity and absenteeism, and assessments of model human resources policies that support workers abusing opioids, such as policies that facilitate seeking and receiving treat-ment and returning to work; (iv) the extent to which alternative pain management treatments other than opioids are or should be covered by employer-spon-sored health plans; (v) the legal requirements protecting em-ployee privacy and health information in the workplace, as well as the legal requirements related to nondiscrimination; (vi) potential interactions of opioid abuse with other substance use disorders; (vii) any additional benefits or resources available to an employee abusing opioids 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.062 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5130 June 13, 2018 
that promote retaining employment or reen-tering the workforce; (viii) evidence-based initiatives that en-gage employers, employees, and community leaders to promote early identification of opioid abuse, intervention, treatment, and recovery; (ix) workplace policies regarding opioid abuse that reduce stigmatization among fel-low employees and management; and (x) the legal requirements of the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act and other laws related to health coverage of sub-stance abuse and mental health services and medications. (2) R
EPORT .—Prior to its termination as provided in subsection (j), the Advisory Com-mittee shall issue a report to the Secretary of Labor and to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-ate, detailing successful programs and poli-cies involving workplace resources and bene-fits, including recommendations or examples of best practices for how employers can sup-port and respond to employees impacted by opioid abuse. (d) M
EETINGS .—The Advisory Committee shall meet at least twice a year at the call of the chairperson. (e) S
TAFF SUPPORT .—The Secretary of Labor shall make available staff necessary for the Advisory Committee to carry out its responsibilities. (f) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— The Federal Advisory Committee Act shall apply to the Advisory Committee established under this Act. (g) N
OAPPROPRIATED FUNDS .—No addi- tional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this Act. Expenses of the Advisory Committee shall be paid with funds otherwise appropriated to Departmental Management within the Department of Labor. (h) E
XOFFICIO .—Three nonvoting rep-resentatives from agencies within the De-partment of Health and Human Services whose responsibilities include opioid pre-scribing guidelines, workplace safety, and monitoring of substance abuse and preven-tion programs shall be appointed by the Sec-retary of Labor and designated as ex officio members. (i) A
GENDA .—The Secretary of Labor or a representative of the Secretary shall consult with the Chair in establishing the agenda for Committee meetings. (j) T
ERMINATION .—The Advisory Committee established under this Act shall terminate three years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5892. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 5892. The effects of the opioid public health emergency can be seen through-out our local communities, and maybe most acutely in our workplaces. According to the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence, 70 percent of the almost 15 million Ameri-cans misusing drugs, including opioids, are currently employed. Furthermore, according to the Bureau of Labor Sta-tistics, the number of overdose fatali-ties on the job has increased by at least 25 percent annually since 2012. These statistics serve as a reminder that workplaces are not immune from the worsening epidemic and that work-places can often serve as crucial places to provide outreach and assistance to those who are struggling with opioid addiction. The Committee on Education and the Workforce has been examining this critical issue. In February of this year, the Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions and the Sub-committee on Workforce Protections held a joint hearing to examine how the epidemic is affecting workplaces, and to hear from business owners who have taken steps to address problems of substance abuse and addiction in the workplace. Some of the initiatives these busi-nesses have taken are not only inspir-ing, but they also show promising re-sults. The U.S. Department of Labor could benefit greatly from more infor-mation about the solutions originating from the private sector to address the challenges of maintaining a healthy workforce in the face of the opioid epi-demic. H.R. 5892 will create an advisory committee to make recommendations to the Secretary of Labor on what spe-cific actions the Department of Labor can take to provide informational re-sources that will help mitigate some of the most harmful effects of opioid abuse in the workplace. The advisory committee will convene twice a year to discuss successful employer initiatives and report best practices, and will sun-set after 3 years. Madam Speaker, this bipartisan bill will be an instrumental part of the greater solution to fight the opioid epi-demic and support employers who are working to promote workplace safety and assist with employee recovery. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 5892. In addition to the severe health con-sequences of substance use disorders, the opioid epidemic has taken a serious toll on the workplace. More than 10 million full-time workers have a sub-stance use disorder. A 2017 survey from the National Safety Council found that 70 percent of employers have seen some effect of prescription drug usage, in-cluding absenteeism, impaired or de-creased job performance, injuries or near misses, and arrests on or off the job. When I traveled across northwest Or-egon to talk to community members about the opioid crisis, I heard from many employers and employees whose work had been affected by addiction. Oregon’s low unemployment rate is re-sulting in local employers struggling to find qualified personnel. The opioid crisis has weakened our workforce at a time when our economy needs more workers. For instance, a timber com-pany on the coast of Oregon reported that only one applicant passed a drug test during a recent hiring process. When I hear from people in recovery, many say that they could not continue working while they were struggling with addiction. We must acknowledge that our work and our personal lives are intertwined, that an employer’s in-terest in the health of its employees should not end at the door, and that in-vesting in employees through proactive prevention or flexible support policies can be good for employees and for the bottom line. An estimated 20 percent of the de-cline in men’s labor force participation over the last 20 years can be attributed to the increase in opioid prescriptions. For women, that number is 25 percent. Sadly, the disease of addiction is af-fecting people far beyond their homes. If we are going to make any progress in addressing the opioid epidemic, our workplaces must have policies that support affected workers. This legislation would establish a council to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the Department of Labor can take to provide informa-tional resources and guidance to ad-dress the effects of substance use dis-orders on the workplace. The advisory council will be comprised of a diverse coalition of stakeholders, including substance use disorder experts, unions, and employers. This includes sup-porting workers with substance use disorders, as well as those in recovery. The advisory council would be charged with assessing a range of workplace policies best practices. These identified best practices will benefit employers and employees alike by keeping workers safe, healthy, pro-ductive, and on the job. I also urge my colleagues to support legislation for other workplace policies and protections that are vital for peo-ple struggling with substance use dis-order, such as paid leave. There is cer-tainly more that we, as policymakers, can do to make sure that workers can access and seek treatment when they need it, and be able to return to their jobs as soon as possible. Madam Speaker, I thank Congress-man L
EWIS and Congressman C ART-
WRIGHT for their work on this legisla-tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.024 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5131 June 13, 2018 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ), the cosponsor of this im-portant legislation. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5892, a bill I am proud to have cosponsored with Rep-resentative L
EWIS. I thank Congressman L
EWIS, as well as the Education and the Workforce Committee, for their hard work on this bill. Madam Speaker, Pennsylvania has the fourth highest rate of death due to drug overdoses in the Nation, and northeastern Pennsylvania, where I represent, has one of the highest rates of fatal drug overdoses in our State. Beyond the statistics are stories of bro-ken families and broken dreams, due to the addiction to and the abuse of these drugs. In fact, the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention estimate that ap-proximately 91 deaths from opioid overdoses occur every day in our Na-tion. This epidemic breaks our hearts. But it also hurts our economy. An esti-mated 20 percent of men’s and 25 per-cent of women’s decline in labor force participation between 1999 and 2015 can be attributed to the increase in opioid prescriptions. This is a public health and economic crisis that we have to ad-dress right now. That is why I am so pleased to see the House taking up this legislation. Establishing this advisory council to study the impacts of opioid abuse on the workplace is essential to under-standing how damaging this epidemic is, both to individuals and commu-nities. We know that we must confront this epidemic on all fronts. It is a bill that is an important step towards helping those dealing with substance abuse re-main in the workforce. Our work on opioids has to continue after this week. Our communities have not yet healed from the traumatic losses they have suffered, and we have to continue to focus on this issue if we are to have any hope of adequately ad-dressing the harm to public health that opioid abuse has caused. Again, I thank Congressman L
EWIS for his work on this bill, I am proud to join him in that work, and I urge my colleagues in the House of Representa-tives to support it. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I, again, reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Madam Speaker, once again, I thank Congressman L
EWIS and Congressman C
ARTWRIGHT for their work on H.R. 5892. As we continue with this work, we must recognize that it is much harder for people to be successful in their re-covery if they do not have a job. Let’s work with our employers and look at the results of this bill that the advi-sory council will advise us. Let’s follow their recommendations. Madam Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Madam Speaker, I also thank my Democratic colleagues for their efforts on behalf of this bill as well. At a time when businesses, large and small, are noticing the effects of this crisis, opioid abuse, on employee health and economic productivity, the active coordination between the De-partment of Labor and private stake-holders, prompted by this bill, is vital to securing the continued safety of the American workplace. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5892, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5892. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SUPPORTING GRANDPARENTS RAISING GRANDCHILDREN ACT Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1091) to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grand-parents Raising Grandchildren, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1091 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) More than 2,500,000 grandparents in the United States are the primary caretaker of their grandchildren, and experts report that such numbers are increasing as the opioid epidemic expands. (2) Between 2009 and 2016, the incidence of parental alcohol or other drug use as a con-tributing factor for children’s out-of-home placement rose from 25.4 to 37.4 percent. (3) When children cannot remain safely with their parents, placement with relatives is preferred over placement in foster care with nonrelatives because placement with relatives provides stability for children and helps them maintain family connections. (4) The number of foster children placed with a grandparent or other relative in-creased from 24 percent in 2006 to 32 percent in 2016, according to data from the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. (5) Grandparents’ lives are enhanced by caring for their grandchildren; the over-whelming majority of grandparents report experiencing significant benefits in serving as their grandchildren’s primary caregivers. (6) Providing full-time care to their grand-children may decrease grandparents’ ability to address their own physical and mental health needs and personal well-being. (7) Grandparents would benefit from better coordination and dissemination of informa-tion and resources available to support them in their caregiving responsibilities. SEC. 3. ADVISORY COUNCIL TO SUPPORT GRAND-PARENTS RAISING GRAND-CHILDREN. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an Advisory Council to Support Grand-parents Raising Grandchildren. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Council shall be composed of the following members, or their designee: (A) The Secretary of Health and Human Services. (B) The Secretary of Education. (C) The Administrator of the Administra-tion for Community Living. (D) The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (E) The Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use. (F) The Assistant Secretary for the Admin-istration for Children and Families. (G) A grandparent raising a grandchild. (H) An older relative caregiver of children. (I) As appropriate, the head of other Fed-eral departments, or agencies, identified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having responsibilities, or administering programs, relating to current issues affect-ing grandparents or other older relatives raising children. (2) L
EAD AGENCY .—The Department of Health and Human Services shall be the lead agency for the Advisory Council. (c) D
UTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) I
NFORMATION .—The Advisory Council shall identify, promote, coordinate, and dis-seminate to the public information, re-sources, and the best practices available to help grandparents and other older relatives— (i) meet the health, educational, nutri-tional, and other needs of the children in their care; and (ii) maintain their own physical and men-tal health and emotional well-being. (B) O
PIOIDS .—In carrying out the duties de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the Advisory Council shall consider the needs of those af-fected by the opioid crisis. (C) N
ATIVE AMERICANS .—In carrying out the duties described in subparagraph (A), the Advisory Council shall consider the needs of members of Native American tribes. (2) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Advisory Council shall submit a report to— (i) the appropriate committees; (ii) the State agencies that are responsible for carrying out family caregiver programs; and (iii) the public online in an accessible for-mat. (B) R
EPORT FORMAT .—The report shall in-clude— (i) best practices, resources, and other use-ful information for grandparents and other older relatives raising children identified under paragraph (1)(A) including, if applica-ble, any information related to the needs of children who have been impacted by the opioid epidemic; (ii) an identification of any gaps in items under clause (i); and (iii) where applicable, identification of any additional Federal legislative authority nec-essary to implement the activities described in clause (i) and (ii). (3) F
OLLOW -UP REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the report re-quired under paragraph (2)(A) is submitted, the Advisory Council shall submit a follow- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.066 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5132 June 13, 2018 
up report that includes the information iden-tified in paragraph (2)(B) to— (A) the appropriate committees; (B) the State agencies that are responsible for carrying out family caregiver programs; and (C) the public online in an accessible for-mat. (4) P
UBLIC INPUT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Council shall establish a process for public input to inform the development of, and provide up-dates to, the best practices, resources, and other information described in paragraph (1) that shall include— (i) outreach to States, local entities, and organizations that provide information to, or support for, grandparents or other older rel-atives raising children; and (ii) outreach to grandparents and other older relatives with experience raising chil-dren. (B) N
ATURE OF OUTREACH .—Such outreach shall ask individuals to provide input on— (i) information, resources, and best prac-tices available, including identification of any gaps and unmet needs; and (ii) recommendations that would help grandparents and other older relatives better meet the health, educational, nutritional, and other needs of the children in their care, as well as maintain their own physical and mental health and emotional well-being. (d) FACA.—The Advisory Council shall be exempt from the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (e) F
UNDING .—No additional funds are au-thorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. (f) S
UNSET .—The Advisory Council shall terminate on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DVISORY COUNCIL .—In this Act, the term ‘‘Advisory Council’’ means the Advi-sory Council to Support Grandparents Rais-ing Grandchildren that is established under section 3. (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES .—In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate committees’’ means the following: (A) The Special Committee on Aging of the Senate. (B) The Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. (C) The Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives. (D) The Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) and the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. b1545 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 1091, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of the amendment to S. 1091, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act. As the opioid public health emer-gency continues to unfold, it has be-come clear that the epidemic is not contained to a single generation. Rath-er, it affects everyone, from infants who have been left behind by an ad-dicted parent or a guardian, to seniors who have stepped into the role of pri-mary caregiver to take care of their grandchildren. At present, there are more than 2.5 million grandparents in the United States who are the primary caretaker of their grandchildren. Experts believe this number is increasing in large part due to the rise of the opioid epidemic. A child going to live with his or her grandparent is often the best outcome in a difficult situation, as it allows for important family connections to re-main intact and can reduce the trauma a child feels. However, it can present certain challenges to grandparents who lack the necessary information and tools to provide their grandchildren with loving attention and proper care. The House amendment to S. 1091, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act, will help to support these grandparents in their caregiving responsibilities. The bill directs the creation of an advisory council, led by the Department of Health and Human Services, to identify and disseminate useful information to grandparents who are primary caretakers of their grandchildren, placing a special em-phasis on those families who have been impacted by the opioid epidemic. The advisory council will focus on disseminating information to help grandparents meet the health, edu-cational, nutritional, and other needs of the children they are caring for. The House amendment ensures the council will solicit input from State and local entities and grandparents themselves to inform the best prac-tices, and ensure the most useful infor-mation is in circulation. It also termi-nates the council after 3 years, to en-sure the information is disseminated in a timely manner. Madam Speaker, with so many par-ents struggling with addiction, grand-parents are increasingly coming to the rescue. It is important that we provide these grandparents with the informa-tion they need to care for their grand-children. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of S. 1091, as amended, the Sup-porting Grandparents Raising Grand-children Act. This bill will provide support to the millions of grandparents and other older caregivers across the country who are raising children. As my col-league, Mr. L
EWIS, mentioned, more than 2.5 million grandparents are rais-ing their grandchildren across the Na-tion today. Child welfare experts agree that sub-stance use disorders, especially addic-tion to opioids, are behind much of the growing number of grandparents rais-ing their grandchildren. Raising grandchildren can dramati-cally alter the lives of these grand-parents, who can sometimes be over-whelmed by the unique challenges they face as they adapt to their new roles and responsibilities. The Supporting Grandparents Rais-ing Grandchildren Act would create an advisory council charged with identi-fying best practices, resources, and other tools to help grandparents and other older caregivers address common challenges when raising children. This might include how to navigate a school system or access healthcare. This information is vital and will prove to be lifesaving to grandparents striving to care both for themselves and for their families. Madam Speaker, I thank Senator SUSAN COLLINS and Senator B OBCASEY  for their work on this bill, and I thank Congressman M
CGOVERN , Congressman K
ING, and Congressman L EWIS for their leadership in the House. This bipartisan, bicameral effort is a testament to the importance of this growing and important issue. I urge my colleagues to support S. 1091. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), the cosponsor of this House legislation. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman B
ONAMICI for yielding time. First, let me say how proud I am to have introduced the House companion to an important bipartisan, bicameral bill. Madam Speaker, one of the most heartbreaking aspects of the opiate epidemic is that a tremendous strain is placed not only on those who are strug-gling with addiction or dealing with substance use disorders, but also on their families, their friends, and their support networks. Oftentimes when parents are strug-gling with addiction and unable to raise a child, that responsibility falls to a grandparent. Right now, as has been said, over 2.5 million children are being raised by their grandparents, and we only expect that number to grow. These grandparent-led households often face unique challenges. They may not have time to plan financially for raising another child. They may not have the resources to ensure their home or their car is ready to raise a child. There may be barriers for them to access the child’s medical or school information. It may be difficult for them to navigate the complex school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.025 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5133 June 13, 2018 
requirements in many communities to ensure that their grandchild does not fall behind during a move. They may need to spend down their savings or re-finance a home in order to provide for their grandchildren, putting their own financial future in jeopardy. This bill, the Supporting Grand-parents Raising Grandchildren Act, will help us bring to the forefront the resources that grandparents need to raise their grandchildren. It will create an important new Federal advisory council focused on developing and dis-seminating information designed to help grandparents. The advisory council would examine information about how to address men-tal health issues, how to navigate school systems, and how to build social and support networks that create the best possible environment for children. Madam Speaker, we are so grateful that these grandparents have stepped in to care for grandchildren, and we need to do everything we can to sup-port and sustain them. Madam Speaker, I thank especially Senator S
USAN COLLINS of Maine for her leadership on this issue, along with Senator C
ASEY from Pennsylvania, and I am grateful to my colleague, Con-gressman P
ETER KINGof New York, for his work and help getting this legisla-tion passed. As we deal with the opiate crisis, we have to deal with many different issues. There is not just one issue. There are multiple issues, and this is one of them. Madam Speaker, I appreciate the bi-partisan support for my bill, and I ap-preciate the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close if the gentlewoman is, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, again, I support this legislation, the Supporting Grand-parents Raising Grandchildren Act, and other efforts of my colleagues to address the opioid crisis, but these policies will only be a drop in the buck-et if the administration continues un-dermining access to affordable, com-prehensive healthcare that includes ro-bust Affordable Care Act protections for preexisting conditions like sub-stance use disorder. If we are to stem the tide of this epi-demic, Medicare, Medicaid, and private insurers must fully cover addiction treatment and safer alternatives to opioids for pain. One thing is clear: Changing policy alone won’t stop this crisis. We also need more resources for prevention, treatment, and innovative solutions. The urgent need for more funding is wide and varied. Prevention programs need to be able to reach more people. Researchers need additional funding to gather data that will drive effective so-lutions. Overstretched public health departments need to be able to coordi-nate a comprehensive response. Treat-ment facilities need more beds and more staff. Healthcare providers need further education and training. We must increase the resources to match the scale of this problem, this crisis, and focus on making smart in-vestments to adequately address the opioid crisis. Madam Speaker, once again, I thank Senators COLLINS and C ASEY , as well as Congressmen M
CGOVERN and K ING, for their work on this legislation, and I urge its passage. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I thank my col-leagues across the aisle for their efforts in this regard. I too agree that, absolutely, we need healthcare reform to ensure that peo-ple have the kind of coverage that cov-ers things like opioid and substance abuse. Part of that effort means that people can afford a good insurance pol-icy and choose the kind of coverage they want so that they are not priced out of the market and go without any insurance at all, which is really a prob-lem with some of these people suffering through this epidemic. Madam Speaker, in conclusion, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of S. 1091, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of New York. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Supporting Grand-parents Raising Grandchildren Act. I am proud to be a lead cosponsor of this legislation. Grandparents play a crucial and increasingly significant role in the lives of their grand-children. There are approximately 2.6 million grandparents who are raising their grand-children in the United States. Unlike parents or foster parents who plan for months or years to care for a child, grand-parents often step in to raise the children un-expectedly with little to no support. This has become more prevalent in the wake of the opioid crisis. As a result, many grandparents are left without adequate information on avail-able resources to help them with their caregiving duties. This legislation will enable the federal gov-ernment to provide much needed support to grandparents. Specifically, this bill will estab-lish a federal advisory council to identify, pro-mote, coordinate, and disseminate information and resources in order to help grandparents meet the health, educational, nutritional, and other needs of the children in their care. The task force will also help identify resources to help grandparents meet their own physical and mental health needs. I thank Senator C
OLLINS , Senator C ASEY , and Congressman M
CGOVERN for working with me on this important legislation. I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1091, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to establish a Fed-eral Advisory Council to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
VETERANS TREATMENT COURT IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2147) to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved vet-erans, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2147 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Treat-ment Court Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. HIRING BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF ADDITIONAL VETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH SPECIALISTS. 
(a) H IRING OF ADDITIONAL VETERANS JUSTICE  O
UTREACH SPECIALISTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall hire not fewer than 50 Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists and place each such Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist at an eligible Department of Veterans Affairs medical center in accordance with this section. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each Veterans Justice Outreach Spe-cialist employed under paragraph (1)— (A) serves, either exclusively or in addition to other duties, as part of a justice team in a vet-erans treatment court or other veteran-focused court; and (B) otherwise meets Department hiring guide-lines for Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists. (b) E
LIGIBLE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-
FAIRS MEDICAL CENTERS .—For purposes of this section, an eligible Department of Veterans Af-fairs medical center is any Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical center that— (1) complies with all Department guidelines and regulations for placement of a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist; (2) works within a local criminal justice sys-tem with justice-involved veterans; (3) maintains an affiliation with one or more veterans treatment courts or other veteran-fo-cused courts; and (4) either— (A) routinely provides Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialists to serve as part of a justice team in a veterans treatment court or other vet-eran-focused court; or (B) establishes a plan that is approved by the Secretary to provide Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists employed under subsection (a)(1) to serve as part of a justice team in a veterans treatment court or other veteran-focused court. (c) P
LACEMENT PRIORITY .—The Secretary shall prioritize the placement of Veterans Jus-tice Outreach Specialists employed under sub-section (a)(1) at eligible Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers that have or intend to establish an affiliation, for the purpose of car-rying out the Veterans Justice Outreach Pro-gram, with a veterans treatment court, or other veteran-focused court, that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.070 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5134 June 13, 2018 
(1) was established on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (2)(A) was established before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) is not fully staffed with Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EPORT BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AF -
FAIRS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of this section and its effect on the Veterans Justice Outreach Program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (i) The status of the efforts of the Secretary to hire Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists pur-suant to subsection (a)(1), including the total number of Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists hired by the Secretary pursuant to such sub-section and the number that the Secretary ex-pects to hire pursuant to such subsection. (ii) The total number of Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialists assigned to each Department of Veterans Affairs medical center that partici-pates in the Veterans Justice Outreach Program, including the number of Veterans Justice Out-reach Specialists hired under subsection (a)(1) disaggregated by Department of Veterans Af-fairs medical center. (iii) The total number of eligible Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers that sought placement of a Veterans Justice Outreach Spe-cialist under subsection (a)(1), how many Vet-erans Justice Outreach Specialists each such center sought, and how many of such medical centers received no placement of a Veterans Jus-tice Outreach Specialist under subsection (a)(1). (iv) For each eligible Department of Veterans Affairs medical center— (I) the number of justice-involved veterans who were served or are expected to be served by a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist hired under subsection (a)(1); and (II) the number of justice-involved veterans who do not have access to a Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist. (2) R
EPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE  
UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the implementa-tion of this section and the effectiveness of the Veterans Justice Outreach Program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall include the following: (i) An assessment of whether the Secretary has fulfilled the Secretary’s obligations under this section. (ii) The number of veterans who are served by Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists hired under subsection (a)(1), disaggregated by demo-graphics (including discharge status). (iii) An identification of any subgroups of vet-erans who underutilize services provided under laws administered by the Secretary, including an assessment of whether these veterans have access to Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists under the Veterans Justice Outreach Program. (iv) Such recommendations as the Comptroller General may have for the Secretary to improve the effectiveness of the Veterans Justice Out-reach Program. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) J
USTICE TEAM .—The term ‘‘justice team’’ means the group of individuals, which may in-clude a judge, court coordinator, prosecutor, public defender, treatment provider, probation or other law enforcement officer, program men-tor, and Veterans Justice Outreach Specialist, who assist justice-involved veterans in a vet-erans treatment court or other veteran-focused court. (2) J
USTICE -INVOLVED VETERAN .—The term ‘‘justice-involved veteran’’ means a veteran with active, ongoing, or recent contact with some component of a local criminal justice system. (3) LOCAL CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘local criminal justice system’’ means law enforcement, jails, prisons, and Federal, State, and local courts. (4) V
ETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH PROGRAM .— The term ‘‘Veterans Justice Outreach Program’’ means the program through which the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs identifies justice-in-volved veterans and provides such veterans with access to Department services. (5) V
ETERANS JUSTICE OUTREACH SPECIALIST .— The term ‘‘Veterans Justice Outreach Spe-cialist’’ means an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who serves as a liaison be-tween the Department and the local criminal justice system on behalf of a justice-involved veteran. (6) V
ETERANS TREATMENT COURT .—The term ‘‘veterans treatment court’’ means a State or local court that is participating in the veterans treatment court program (as defined in section 2991(i)(1) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(i)(1))). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous mate-rial into the R
ECORD on H.R. 2147, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 2147, as amended, the Vet-erans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018. This bill would require the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, VA, to hire at least 50 Veterans Justice Outreach specialists, also referred to as VJO spe-cialists, to serve in a veterans treat-ment or other veteran-focused court. VJO specialists provide direct out-reach to and case management services for veterans who are involved in the local criminal justice system. They serve to protect some of our most vul-nerable veterans from unnecessary criminalization and incarceration by working with law enforcement and the courts to identify service-related men-tal health or substance abuse issues that may be underlying criminal be-havior among veterans, and to link veterans with treatment they need from the VA to recover and become fully functional and contributing mem-bers of society. This bill is sponsored by Congress-man M
IKECOFFMAN of Colorado. Mr. C
OFFMAN is a senior member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a tireless advocate for service members, veterans, and their families. Madam Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman for his leadership on this bill, and I urge all of our colleagues to join me in supporting this. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2147, as amended, the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018. This bill would require VA to expand access to Veterans Justice Outreach specialists in an effort to aid veterans as they interact with the justice sys-tem. Dealing with veterans who break the law can be complicated. While they should be held accountable for their crimes, there are frequently underlying factors, like substance abuse or PTSD, that come into play. Transitioning from the battlefield to civilian life can be tough for many. These specialists are integral to VHA’s efforts to ensure veterans avoid unnecessary criminalization of mental illness and extended incarceration among veterans. Veterans treatment courts are prov-en ways to ensure veterans receive the treatment and support necessary to avoid recidivism. I have visited the Riverside County Veterans Treatment Court and witnessed firsthand the stel-lar services it offers veterans in my community. That is why I believe this bill is so important, as it would ensure veterans have the assistance and support they need to navigate successfully through the justice system. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ), both an Army and Marine veteran, my good friend and the sponsor of this bill. Mr. COFFMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2147, the Vet-erans Treatment Court Improvement Act. For many veterans, the transition from military service has been success-ful, with few challenges. However, that is not the case for all veterans. Unfortunately, for some veterans, the integration into civilian life has been met with difficulties, complica-tions, and being caught up in the criminal justice system, often due to undiagnosed and untreated mental health issues attributed to multiple combat tours. b1600 The Veteran Treatment Court Im-provement Act of 2018, H.R. 2147, as-sists criminal justice-involved veterans in getting the help they need to navi-gate the justice system and receive much-needed services through the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 2147 authorizes the Secretary of VA to hire an additional 50 Veteran Justice Outreach specialists to support the existing VA Veteran Justice Out-reach program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.033 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5135 June 13, 2018 
The veteran treatment court model helps prevent the unnecessary incar-ceration of veterans who have suffered mental health issues, substance abuse, and homelessness related to the mili-tary service. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2147 to better meet the needs of the program and provide much-needed services to more veterans in need. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) who, though she is not a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, has had a distin-guished record of serving our veterans through very, very significant legisla-tion. Ms. SINEMA. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2147, the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018. Madam Speaker, it is our responsi-bility as Americans to help our bravest men and women heal from both the physical and mental wounds of war. Veteran treatment courts are impor-tant, effective tools to help heal the in-visible injuries many of our veterans sustained defending our country. Retired Brigadier General Gregg Maxon, an Arizona veterans court ad-vocate, told me these courts and their employees ‘‘make all the difference in how these veterans engage in their treatment programs.’’ We worked across the aisle on this bill to ensure that lifesaving courts have the resources to serve any Ari-zona veteran who needs support. Madam Speaker, too many Arizona families continue to struggle with ad-diction. In the past year alone, more than 8,000 Arizonans overdosed on opioids. Over 1,200 of those lives couldn’t be saved. Leaders in Congress have attempted to cut programs like Medicaid, known as AHCCCS in Arizona, which ensures treatment and recovery services for many hardworking Arizonans strug-gling with addiction. But instead of at-tacking this program that works for everyday people across our State, we should reach across the aisle and work together to find solutions that help families get ahead and build better lives. This week, we are working across the aisle and I am proud to see our progress. We are passing bills to help reduce foreign shipments of illegal syn-thetic opioids from places like China that enter our country through the mail system; passing bills to provide additional targeted services for indi-viduals and families struggling with addiction; and passing bills to give law enforcement additional tools to keep synthetic drugs off the streets and out of our communities. More work remains, and I look for-ward to working across the aisle to de-liver results for everyday Arizonans. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California for his leadership. I rise in support of the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018 requiring the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to hire 50 Veterans Jus-tice Outreach specialists to support veteran treatment courts. We have a sacred obligation to serve the needs of our Nation’s veterans, in-cluding those struggling with addiction and the invisible wounds of war. Twen-ty percent of Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder or major depression. One in six battle with substance abuse. Left undiagnosed or untreated, these illnesses can lead to an encounter with the justice system. Worse yet, they can also lead to suicide, which veterans commit at more than twice the rate of the civilian population. Fortunately, specialized veteran treatment courts are being developed across the country to help veterans who suffer from substance addiction or mental health disorders, and they re-ceive the assistance they deserve. The first such court was established in Buffalo, New York, in 2008. Since then, more than 300 have opened across the country, including one in Fairfax County and another in Prince William County, both counties I represent. I was glad to help establish the first docket in Fairfax County, and have been a proud supporter ever since. By bringing these service organiza-tions, State Veterans Services Depart-ments and volunteer mentors into the courtroom, veteran treatment courts promote community collaboration and can connect veterans with the pro-grams and benefits they have earned and they need. Having a veteran-only court docket ensures that everyone, from the judge to the volunteers, specialize in veteran care; and the involvement of fellow veterans allows the defendant to expe-rience the camaraderie to which he or she has become accustomed in the military. We know this model works. It is our hope that the additional Veterans Jus-tice Outreach specialists provided for in this bill will help promote veteran treatment courts as an alternative to detention for our Nation’s returning heroes, and help them with the transi-tion to civilian life. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me just say that I have person-ally witnessed the effectiveness of these courts in my own community. They have saved lives; they have fixed lives; they have repaired lives; and they have afforded our veterans a measure of dignity as they heal from their experiences in battle. So I ask all my colleagues to please join me in passing H.R. 2147, as amend-ed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 2147, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARCHANT ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2147, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 5890, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 5891, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
ASSISTING STATES’ IMPLEMENTA-TION OF PLANS OF SAFE CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5890) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pro-vide assistance to States in complying with, and implementing, certain provi-sions of section 106 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act in order to promote better protections for young children and family-centered re-sponses, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
AR-
RETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 406, nays 3, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 263] YEAS—406 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.073 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5136 June 13, 2018 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja`n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Biggs Massie 
NOT VOTING—18 
Barletta Beatty Bilirakis Cheney Crowley Duncan (SC) Ellison Graves (LA) Grijalva Hurd Katko Khanna Long Lynch Walz Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
b1632 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 263. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 263. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 263. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 263. 
f 
IMPROVING THE FEDERAL RE-SPONSE TO FAMILIES IMPACTED BY SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. I
SSA). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5891) to es-tablish an interagency task force to improve the Federal response to fami-lies impacted by substance abuse dis-orders, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 409, nays 8, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 264] YEAS—409 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.030 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5137 June 13, 2018 
Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—8 
Amash Biggs Gaetz Gohmert Gosar Jones Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—10 
Beatty Bilirakis Crowley Ellison Graves (LA) Grijalva Lynch Perlmutter Scalise Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1640 Ms. WILSON of Florida changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidablyu detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 264. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on Wednes-day, June 13, 2018, I was unavoidably de-tained and was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 261, the Previous Ques-tion; ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall 262, on adoption of the resolution H. Res. 934; ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall 263, H.R. 5890—Assisting States’ Implementatilon of Plans of Safe Care Act; and ‘‘yea’’ for roll-call 264, H.R. 5891—Improving the Federal Response to Families Impacted by Substance Use Disorder Act. b1645 PEER SUPPORT COUNSELING PROGRAM FOR WOMEN VETERANS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4635) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peer-to-peer counselors pro-viding counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4635 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PEER SUPPORT COUNSELING PRO-GRAM FOR WOMEN VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1720F(j) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4)(A) As part of the counseling program under this subsection, the Secretary shall em-phasize appointing peer support counselors for women veterans. To the degree practicable, the Secretary shall seek to recruit women peer sup-port counselors with expertise in— ‘‘(i) female gender-specific issues and services; ‘‘(ii) the provision of information about serv-ices and benefits provided under laws adminis-tered by the Secretary; or ‘‘(iii) employment mentoring. ‘‘(B) To the degree practicable, the Secretary shall emphasize facilitating peer support coun-seling for women veterans who are eligible for counseling and services under section 1720D of this title, have post-traumatic stress disorder or suffer from another mental health condition, are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless, or are otherwise at increased risk of suicide, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall conduct outreach to inform women veterans about the program and the assistance available under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) In carrying out this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall coordinate with such community or-ganizations, State and local governments, insti-tutions of higher education, chambers of com-merce, local business organizations, organiza-tions that provide legal assistance, and other or-ganizations as the Secretary considers appro-priate. ‘‘(E) In carrying out this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall provide adequate training for peer support counselors, including training carried out under the national program of training re-quired by section 304(c) of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (38 U.S.C. 1712A note).’’. (b) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall carry out paragraph (4) of section 1720F(j) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), using funds otherwise made available to the Secretary. No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated by reason of such paragraph. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a re-port on the peer support counseling program under section 1720F(j) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by this section. Such report shall include— (1) the number of peer support counselors in the program; (2) an assessment of the effectiveness of the program; and (3) a description of the oversight of the pro-gram. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URTIS ). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material in the R
ECORD on H.R. 4635, as amend-ed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4635, as amended. This bill would ensure that the Department of Veterans Affairs existing volunteer peer support counseling program in-cludes peer counselors for women vet-erans. As the number of veterans who are enrolled in the VA healthcare system continues to grow, it is critical that the VA programs are prepared to meet their needs. The peer support coun-seling program recruits veterans to serve on a volunteer basis to assist their fellow veterans who are strug-gling with mental health or readjust-ment issues and to conduct outreach to inform veterans and their families of the benefits and services that are avail-able to them through the VA healthcare system. Peer support counselors are trained and overseen by VA and, as peers, are often able to communicate on a more personal and effective basis than non-veteran clinicians, particularly to vet-erans who may be hesitant to seek VA care due to stigma or other barriers. This bill is sponsored by Congress-man M
IKECOFFMAN of Colorado. I am grateful to Mike for his leadership on the committee and for sponsoring this bill to ensure that VA recruits a suffi-cient number of women veteran volun-teers to support the need through the peer support counseling program. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4635, as amended, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4635, as amended, to increase the num-ber of peer-to-peer counselors available to women veterans. Peer-to-peer counseling is meant to be sensitive to the specific culture of the military and how that culture af-fects veterans. It can be incredibly helpful to veterans who may not feel comfortable entering a more formal form of treatment, and for many women veterans, their most relatable peer will be a fellow woman. This bill would require VA to in-crease women veterans’ access to peer- to-peer counselors, thus ensuring all veterans can enjoy the benefit of this incredible form of therapy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.031 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5138 June 13, 2018 
Between this legislation and the other peer support measure recently passed in the VA MISSION Act, this body continues to underscore its com-mitment to expanding peer support at VA. I appreciate the hard work Mr. C
OFFMAN has put into this issue and look forward to supporting his efforts. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ), my good friend and a senior member of the Vet-erans Affairs’ Committee. He is also both an Army and Marine veteran. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 4635, the Peer-2– Peer Counseling Act. Currently, women veterans represent over 9 percent of our Nation’s veterans, and that number is expected to in-crease to 15 percent by the year 2030. As more women veterans utilize VA healthcare, it is critical for the VA to update and improve services for women veterans. One area that warrants our particular attention for improved serv-ices is VA mental health counseling services for women veterans. An alarming statistic from VA’s 2016 suicide data report noted that the ‘‘risk of suicide was 2.4 times higher among female veterans when compared with civilian adult females,’’ and it also noted ‘‘rates of suicide increased more among women than men in the same study.’’ Unfortunately, many women vet-erans have experienced sexual trauma and PTSD while serving in the mili-tary. Some women veterans are suf-fering from other mental health condi-tions from multiple combat tours of duty and are at risk of suicide and be-coming homeless. The Peer-2–Peer Counseling Act ad-dresses these issues by requiring the Secretary of the VA to ensure a suffi-cient number of volunteer peer support counselors are available to facilitate peer-to-peer counseling and assist women veterans with gender-specific care and services. H.R. 4635 will increase access to vital mental health opportunities within the VA for women veterans. I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting the Peer-2–Peer Counseling Act to better serve the growing women veteran popu-lation. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4635 to better meet the needs of the program and provide need-ed services to many more veterans. I will mention one other bill that just passed the House, H.R. 2147, the Veterans Treatment Court Improve-ment Act, which builds upon a very successful program that essentially provides VA liaisons or veteran justice outreach program officers within these veteran treatment courts that facili-tate VA services, whether drug and al-cohol, mental health, or other services, to veterans who would otherwise be in-carcerated. They have fallen into the criminal justice system often related to their military service, post-trau-matic stress disorder, and other mental health disorders, where they have prob-lems adjusting from military life to ci-vilian life. What this program does is provide re-habilitative services in court for our veterans. With the VA in support, it keeps these veterans at a very success-ful rate. I think in the 18th Judicial District in my congressional district, the veterans court has a 73 percent suc-cess rate in keeping these veterans out of the criminal justice system by pro-viding VA rehabilitative services for them. I think an expansion of this pro-gram is so important. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for having passed this bill unanimously just previously today. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY), my good friend and the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4635, the Peer-2–Peer Coun-seling Act. I want to thank my friend and colleague, Mr. C
OFFMAN , for his leadership on this very important issue. The bill we are considering today will help ensure that our women veterans are fully equipped to transition back to civilian life. Women veterans are the single fast-est growing group of veterans in Amer-ica. They face many challenges unique to our women warriors. Women vet-erans need access to peer counselors who are trained in recovery from mili-tary sexual trauma, post-traumatic stress, and mental health conditions that they may be struggling with. I think it is also worth noting that women veterans are disproportionately juggling childcare, which complicates their ability to seek treatment else-where. They have special needs and ex-periences. Our women veterans should have the opportunity to receive the advice and counseling from someone who knows what they have been and are still going through as women warriors. We need to help ensure that they have the re-sources to succeed. The VA must also do more to help ensure that every veteran is able to benefit from peer support and has awareness and access to those services. That is why I am so pleased that this bill today requires the VA to conduct outreach to ensure that our women veterans know how to get access to this important and valuable assistance. Too often, I hear from veterans in my home State of Connecticut that they are simply unaware that these services are available. We may offer them through the VA, but if our veterans don’t know they are there, they aren’t going to get the benefits they deserve. In many cases, programs exist to help our women veterans, but the veterans don’t know they are there. Peer support counselors have been through a transition before. They un-derstand what it takes, and they can be particularly effective in meeting the needs of our women warriors. With the fastest growing number of women in this country who are vet-erans, now nearly 2 million veterans in America—think about that, 2 million— we need to do better by them through the VA. This is an important peer-to- peer counseling support program. I am delighted that we came together as a committee with bipartisan support to support this bill. We are also urging other legislation named in honor of Deborah Sampson, the first woman to serve this country, to serve America in the Revolutionary War, who dressed as a man. It is important that we reassure to-day’s women in Active Duty and those transitioning out that we will take care of them and their families as they make that important transition to ci-vilian life. They have earned our sup-port in the military. We need to pro-vide it to them as they transition out. Again, I want to thank my colleagues on the committee, the chairman and the ranking member, and Mr. COFFMAN  for their important work. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in passing H.R. 4635, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I, too, encourage all Members to sup-port this legislation, and I want to thank both sides of the aisle for bring-ing this forward. As a physician and a veteran, I can assure you, Mr. Speaker, that peer-to- peer counseling is the way to go. This legislation will help our female vet-erans. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4635, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
BRINGING PEACE TO THE KOREAN PENINSULA (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the President’s ef-forts to bring peace to the Korean Pe-ninsula. For almost seven decades, the United States and North Korea have been ad-versaries, but this week we witnessed a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.079 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5139 June 13, 2018 
groundbreaking first step for both na-tions and global security as a whole. While much work remains to be done, the commitment to recover the re-mains of 7,802 American soldiers who were prisoners of war or missing in ac-tion during the Korean war deserves a special recognition. Bringing these fallen heroes home will give long over-due closure to the loved ones and fami-lies of those who made the ultimate sacrifice. We must deal firmly with North Korea while taking steps to ensure a brutal war is not repeated. 
f 
b1700 NATIONAL MEN’S HEALTH WEEK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, over the past 100 years, the life expectancy of men has declined in comparison with that of women. Women now live, on av-erage, 5 years longer than men. There is a silent crisis of men’s health in America. To reverse the de-cline, we must be silent no more. Too often, men are foregoing routine health screenings, and they are dying because of it. Colon cancer, heart disease, high cho-lesterol, diabetes, all of these are treatable or even preventable, if you get screened. Screenings aren’t scary. They don’t hurt. This morning, my staff and I were screened by healthcare professionals on Capitol Hill with the Men’s Health Net-work. Knowledge is power, ladies and gentlemen, for my staff, for myself, and for our families. Just a few minutes ago, my fellow chairman of the Men’s Health Caucus, Congressman M
ULLIN of Oklahoma, joined me to introduce a resolution recognizing June 11 to 17 as National Men’s Health Week. I encourage each of you to join us on this resolution and help end the silent crisis of men’s health in America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MORRISVILLE STATE BREWING PROGRAM (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the teaching brew-ery at Morrisville State College, which, despite opening just last fall, has won the title as Grand National Champion brewing school in North America at the 2018 U.S. Open College Beer Cham-pionship. The contest, open to any col-lege or university offering brewing courses, is held to determine the best future brewers in North America. Morrisville State College currently offers the courses as electives but hopes to have a full curriculum for the fall of 2019, making Morrisville the first State university of New York with a 4-year brewing program. Morrisville’s program fits right in with upstate New York, which has several well-known breweries that bring jobs, creativity, and originality to the region, including the F.X. Matt Brewing Company, the fourth oldest family brewery in the United States; the Empire Brewing Factory in Cazenovia; and also the Cortland Farm Distillery and Brewery in Cortland, New York. Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-gratulating Morrisville State College on becoming the number one brewing school in North America their first time out. It took a lot of dedication from the students from Morrisville. I look forward to tasting some of their products as we move into the next se-mester. f 
HUMAN RIGHTS EMERGENCY (Mr. CARDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARDENAS. Mr. Speaker, right now we have a human rights emer-gency at our borders. ICE agents are ripping children from their mothers’ arms. These are babies as young as 11 months. They are holding these chil-dren in facilities that are so full that now Trump wants to build tent cities to house more children. There are reports of ICE agents tell-ing parents that they are taking their child to give them a bath, and then the parents don’t see their baby again. Think about that: No notice. No due process. Just silent, cruel separation. This is happening on our American soil. This is the policy of the Trump administration. ICE has an $8 billion budget, and this is what our taxpayer dollars are buying: holding babies, cold and alone, in what are internment camps for little children. My fellow colleagues, we are not a country that follows a selfish, cold-hearted dictator. We are the United States of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PATROL OFFICER ANTHONY CHRISTIE (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Savannah, Georgia, Police Department Patrol Of-ficer Anthony Christie, who lost his life in the line of duty on May 25 at the age of 37. He is remembered as a passionate person who was deeply devoted to his fellow officers and community while simply loving his job. Before joining the police force, Officer Christie served in the United States Navy, where he earned a number of accolades, includ-ing the Navy Good Conduct Medal and the Global War on Terror Service Medal. He carried this excellent work with him from the Navy over to the police force. In one mission, he rescued a child who was abducted and abandoned in the woods. His fellow officers always wanted to work with Officer Christie because of his calming presence and their respect for his work. Officer Christie’s passing is a re-minder to us all of the danger officers must endure when they go to work to keep us and our families safe. I encour-age everyone to thank our first re-sponders on a daily basis, not only in the times when we need them the most. To Officer Christie and his family, we offer our deepest condolences. Thank you for your service. May God bless. f 
SCOTT PRUITT (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration is the most cor-rupt in our country’s long history. They are enriching themselves and re-warding special interests and campaign donors like nothing we have ever seen. If you need proof, look no further than our polluter in chief, Scott Pruitt. Every day brings another Pruitt bombshell. Just today, news broke that, last year, he enlisted a top EPA aide to ask big Republican donors to help his wife find a job, eventually se-curing her a position with a conserv-ative political group, Judicial Crisis Network. We have learned about simi-lar efforts involving Pruitt’s attempt to secure a Chick-fil-A franchise for his wife using EPA resources. He raised millions of dollars as attor-ney general of Oklahoma from oil, gas, and coal companies for his campaign. He chaired a dark-money group that organized State challenges to clean water and clean air protections. He sued the EPA 14 times as Oklahoma AG to block public health protections while raking in campaign contribu-tions from his polluter co-litigants. He is facing more than 12 Federal in-vestigations into his corruption, influ-ence peddling, and waste of millions in taxpayer dollars on his lavish lifestyle. Mr. Speaker, in any other adminis-tration, at any other time, he would have been fired long ago. It is time for Pruitt to go, and it is time for Con-gress to do something about the toxic corruption in the Trump administra-tion. 
f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF C–SPAN (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, re-cently, I was invited by a young friend, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.081 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5140 June 13, 2018 
Tyler Nissen, at the Palermo Middle School in Palermo, California, to come address their class, the class belonging to Mr. Seth Davis. I spoke to the students about the im-portance of individual civic engage-ment in our Republic and all things in Congress. That is when it hit me: How does the public stay in touch with what we are doing here if they can’t be in the gal-lery or visit Washington, D.C.? It real-ly occurs that C–SPAN is an important aspect for people to be in touch, that network whose entire purpose is to allow those watching at home to be able to do so, to be involved in what goes on in the inner workings of this town and this process in Congress. In the grand scheme of our whole country, it is actually fairly new, hav-ing begun in 1979. Today, nearly any-one can tune in or go online, on an internet connection, and be a part of the debate, thanks to the camera cov-erage we have in this room as well as in our committees. As a nonprofit, unedited, and unin-terrupted channel for all things Con-gress, even the Presidential inaugura-tion or State of the Union Address, C– SPAN is an integral part of our Repub-lic. I hope more people will partake of that great tool like the students are at Palermo Middle School—and Tyler Nis-sen and his classmates—to be in touch with what goes on in their government. 
f 
WHY ARE WE TAKING CHILDREN? (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we are on the eve of Father’s Day. Fathers and mothers, their greatest gift, in their minds, are their children. Their greatest loves are their children. The greatest willingness to sacrifice their lives are for their children. Mr. Rodas asked the question: ‘‘Why are you taking him?’’ Mr. Rodas, an immigrant from Honduras, wanted nothing more than a better life for his wife and three children, and Edison was with him. In a policy that could be more wicked than evil, this administration, with no legal grounding, has begun to snatch children away from their fathers and their mothers. I know the policy. It was designed some years back for unaccompanied children. It was not designed for pun-ishment, for taking children from par-ents who then do not know where they are and possibly the government not being able to find them. Why are we taking him from his fa-ther? Why are babies crying in the night? Because mothers are separated, because they have been snatched away at the border in my State, the State of Texas. We should cease and desist, Mr. Speaker. This is Father’s Day. Why are we taking children? The American people need to know, and the American people need to stand up. HONORING LISA ROMERO-MUNIZ (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Lisa Ro-mero-Muniz. Not only was Lisa the mother to her son, Anthony, but she was also known as a second mother to all the children she worked with. Lisa attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on Octo-ber 1. Lisa was a discipline secretary at Miyamura High School in Gallup, New Mexico. The students she worked with remember her as a woman who looked out for children dealing with personal issues and for never turning her back on a kid who needed help. Lisa would give anyone the last dime she had with no questions asked and would treat everyone like they were family. Lisa loved purses, Jason Aldean, and Las Vegas. She was always smiling, outgoing, kind, and considerate. Lisa is remembered as being incred-ibly generous and always wearing her heart on her sleeve. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Lisa Romero-Muniz’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieves with you. f 
OPIOID CRISIS AND PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, this is opioids week, yet we are not consid-ering any bill that would rein in the pharmaceutical companies, whose greed caused and perpetuated the epi-demic. Many of these companies have used unethical and illegal practices to gen-erate record-setting profits. They have bribed doctors, lied to patients about the effects of opioids, and ignored mil-lions of illegally trafficked pills. Mean-while, the costs of the epidemic fall on States, cities, counties, hospitals, courts, and local communities that do not have the resources to keep up. I have introduced legislation that would make pharmaceutical companies part of the solution by imposing a small 1-cent fee on opioid production. The estimated $2 billion in revenue raised could be used to fund a variety of prevention, treatment, and research programs that would save countless lives. Mr. Speaker, it is time to finally hold these companies accountable for their role in the opioid epidemic and make them give back to the communities and families that have been destroyed. CRUEL ACTIVITY AT OUR BORDERS (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I stand here today, not only as a Member of Congress but as a mother, to say that I am outraged, I am heart-broken, and I am embarrassed by the barbaric activity of our government on our borders. The Trump administration’s zero-tol-erance policy is cruelly ripping chil-dren from the arms of their mothers and their fathers at our borders. They are separating them for indefinite peri-ods of time, often in unspeakable, un-bearable facilities. We have seen a lot of ruthless actions from the Trump administration, but this is as bad as it gets. I call it gov-ernment-inflicted child abuse. I stand here committed, with like-minded citi-zens, millions of Americans across the country, condemning these actions and committed to keeping parents and chil-dren together when they come to the United States of America. f 
b1715 ESTABLISHING A FEDERATION OF FREEDOM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. R
USSELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, this week, we saw major world leaders interfacing with the United States on topics covering the economy, diplo-macy, and security engulfing the major hemispheres of the globe. Worldwide and domestic reaction suggests that no clear outcomes are perceivable. An un-certain and perhaps less secure future seems to loom. Consequently, Americans today are faced with many questions, some for-mulated by ourselves and some offered by our world neighbors. They ask: What is the role of the United States in the world? We ask: ‘‘What right do we have to take on that role? What responsibility would we shed if we took no leadership in global affairs? Our allies and even our enemies may be asking: What can we expect from the United States in the future? My own question would be this: How can the United States continue to be a force for good in the world? To answer these questions, we need to look no further than how we govern ourselves and what we even believe is the purpose of any government. What is the purpose of government? Simply put, it is to protect against evil, to execute justice against those committing wrong to others, to pro-mote what benefits society, and to deter what harms it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.083 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5141 June 13, 2018 
When the United States was estab-lished, we held some basic truths to be self-evident, namely, all of us are cre-ated equal, and we have been endowed with certain inalienable rights. Among them are the right to life, the right to live free, and the right to pursue one’s happiness. We believe that govern-ments are instituted to secure those rights, not take them away, and that the best form of government to do that would therefore be one that could only draw its power from the consent of the people, not by the people’s coercion or coercing them. Therein lies the insight that the world seeks on U.S. motivations, that the consistent role of the United States in foreign policy in the last century found our Nation in conflict with those that would use coercion, not only abus-ing their own people, but extending that abuse to others. In looking to the future, no single week of diplomacy, no statements of mixed signal, no amount or shift or heft can erase the fundamental nature of how Americans view our relations with each other and other nations. It is in our DNA, whether clouded by tem-porary setback or assertive advance. After World War I, when the entire system of governance of the most dominating power shifted from monar-chies, nations struggled to find some form of governance for their own self- determination. The competition between self-rule and authoritarianism saw the rise of Imperial Japan and their violation of human rights and the sovereignty of China, and that set the United States on a policy of economics, trade, and military defense that ultimately would place us in horrific conflict in the Pa-cific Coast. The rise of European dictators that swept the rights of man off the map of Europe compelled us to energize our entire industrial might and willpower to ensure their complete destruction. The realignment of governments of dominant nations into two spheres of thought after World War II meant that those that would govern themselves and enjoy the fruits of their labor and pursue happiness would come into di-rect conflict with those that would co-erce their own people into centralized, socialist servitude in exchange for their security, for some respect, and a place on the world stage. Consequently, the United States found itself in con-flict along these lines on the Korean Peninsula, in Southeast Asia, and in the Middle East. Upon examination of our policies in the last century, many have been hy-percritical, suggesting that the United States somehow used its position and power to promote its own brand of co-ercion rather than to be a force for good in the world. Whether one holds a bias towards one view or the other, the answer can be found with these ques-tions: Would the world have been better or worse economically and politically without our intervention into the de-fense of South Korea in 1950? Would the world be better off eco-nomically and politically without our collective security efforts in Europe and the formulation of NATO? Would the world be better off without our securing of the planet’s oceans for all the world to use in free trade and commerce? Would the world be better or worse economically and politically without our policy of the right of Taiwanese de-fense? Would the world be better or worse without our support to Columbia, our intervention in Kuwait and the Bal-kans as we closed the last century? These are questions to ponder, but as we examine what our economic and po-litical map of the last century might look like if all of these nations were tipped in favor of coercive governments vice those of self-determination, one thing is clear: the actors promoting co-ercion rather than liberty appear much the same as we enter a new era. Our lines of conflict today are much as they have always been with nations that lack democratic rule, that show disregard for the rule of law, that fail to respect basic human rights, that violate intellectual and private prop-erty, that manipulate their economies, that restrict commerce, and that close their doors to cultural and educational exchange. So we find ourselves with old enemies in a new era, not always defined by particular nations, as governments shift and what were once bitter en-emies 50 or 100 years ago are now vital partners and friends with us. But the old enemies will always be those against life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. While our enemies ideologically may be consistent, we would not always know it when examining our foreign policy and economic efforts in this cen-tury. For much of this century, under bipartisan administrations, we have ex-perimented with the notion that we can somehow embrace those with a dia-metrically opposed form of governance and view of liberty and that our good-will will somehow be reciprocated with their conversion to good behavior. So far, that path has led us to polit-ical and economic imbalance with last-ing consequence. Worse, it may be plac-ing us on a path of monumental con-flict as enemies of liberty and self-de-termination use newfound resources to coerce global spheres beyond what the world ultimately will be willing to bear. The path to that conflict, though, is not inevitable, but it will take a stra-tegic vision that is severely lacking in our Nation today. Rather than focus on sovereign states or regions of the globe to maintain our security, we need to embrace the idea of curbing enemies of liberty and their ability to extend their reach wherever they may be found. The task is not impossible. In fact, the ingredients of it are all around us, already identified by our practices rather than by our politics. What is needed is to articulate a long-range strategic vision, something rare in Washington, to promote life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And here it is. Here is the vision: The answer lies in the collective efforts of the nations who have democratic, free, stable governance. What if the vast bulk of our trade were exclusively with those nations? What if the economic systems, to our mutual benefit, were intertwined ex-clusively with those nations? What if our information and innovation shar-ing were only with those countries? What if our militaries partnered in mu-tual security with these countries? Now, I know what you are thinking: Don’t we already have some of this? In-gredients, yes; a baked cake, no. We find ourselves still embracing those that would use their power to coerce rather than to promote, to thieve, to steal, to manipulate, and use our open-ness to advance their power, and we worry that our individual effort may not be enough to contain the dangers that lie ahead economically, diplomati-cally, or, worse, even militarily. And yet, if our discourse with other nations were to place the bad actors on the outside rather than on the inside, there is no collective effort that they could muster to withstand our com-bination. If we were to form a federation of freedom among the no-kidding demo-cratic nations of the world, we could simply do what our own individual gov-ernments do, but on a mutually bene-fitting scale: protect against evil, up-hold justice against those committing wrong to others, promote what benefits society, and deter what harms it. Those standing against these principles would find themselves on the outside of trade, on the outside of diplomacy, on the outside of military security, and they would be unable to leverage our freedoms and use them against us. Ask yourself these questions: Is a superior economy better in the hands of those that would protect in-tellectual and physical property or with those who do not? Are diplomatic alliances better made with those that respect the rule of law and national sovereignty or with those who do not? Is the sharing of information better exchanged with those who use knowl-edge to promote good, empower, and entrust their own citizens with the free-flowing press or with those who use it to take away those things? Is superior military might better in the hands of those that promote the value of life and individual liberty, or is it better in the hands of those who do not? Is the existence of a collective supe-rior strength better in the hands of partners using their force for good or in the hands of those who will use it to usurp, suppress, and oppress? The ingredients of a federation for freedom are all around us. Like it or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.086 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5142 June 13, 2018 
not, the United States may be the only nation with the resources to lead such an effort as it accidently found itself in the last century. For those rejecting such a notion that America must lead, I am reminded of Obadiah 11, where it says: ‘‘On the day you stood aloof . . . you became as one of them.’’ We can no more abrogate our mantle of leadership of the free world than the free world can wish for a global con-struct absent American security and economy. What remains is to ditch the notion that the United States is some-how a force for bad in the world and that we need to recede our position. We must ditch the notion that the United States violates human rights rather than is foremost in securing human rights globally, and we must abandon the premise that we have no right to lead on the ideals with which we have governed ourselves since 1789. We know no other path. It is in our DNA. If the United States were to lead and form a federation of freedom, we would have the commercial development to create competitive markets and unite in mutually beneficial innovative ad-vancements. We would have the diplo-matic strength to unite on human rights. We would have the ability to promote underdeveloped nations with the skills and structure necessary through our cultural exchanges and our institutions of higher learning, while exchanging the same through our partners. We would have the collective strength to protect shipping lanes and ward off those wishing to usurp free trade or pirate the commerce as it passes by, and we would have the col-lective strength to withstand the most active of coercive actors. We would be a beacon for those wishing to find their way into such a federation rather than falling subject to coercive friends and neighbors wishing to enslave others into an authoritarian future. b1730 What of the federation? What would these nations look like. How about this: 7 of the G7; 16 of the G20, and 75 nations, whose democratic index places them high enough on the list to main-tain a government ruled by their own people as they secure their liberty. A federation of freedom nations would have this in common: free elec-tions, respect for the rule of law, basic human rights, stable economics, a free economy united in free trade among federation members, protections for in-tellectual and private property, and open arms for cultural and educational exchange. The good news is much of this exists, it is just not organized and it is not led. To our authoritarian competitors, or worse, the pariah states of the globe, here is a simple truth: History has shown that our historical enemies do not have to be our future enemies. However, one thing is certain: Our fu-ture enemies will continue to be those that are opposite of the ideals that formed our American mindset for free-dom and liberty, whether we want to recognize that as the American people or not. So to the American people, I urge you to call on this Congress to support such a federation. To the President, I say, Mr. Presi-dent, this could not only be your mo-ment, but it could be what the free-dom-loving people of the world hope you would be in a leader. Organize and lead such a federation. The concept is simple; its execution most difficult. Its reward: prosperity and security on a grand scale. And let the world be assured, despite mixed signals, spurtive advancements or setbacks, the habits of the American people still offer hope because of how we govern ourselves. To our enemies, that hope should also offer warning. Let us, therefore, embark with such democratic like-minded nations to se-cure such a federation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
TEARING IMMIGRANT CHILDREN AWAY FROM THEIR PARENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the subject matter of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address this body on a very important issue that we need to bring to the attention of the people of this country. I am proud to have so many of my colleagues here today to stand up against the President’s policy of sys-tematically tearing immigrant chil-dren away from their families. These innocent children are being held under inhumane conditions at detention fa-cilities, alone and apart from their par-ents. President Trump’s chief of staff, Gen-eral Kelly, recently, when asked about this, said: 
The children will be taken care of, put into foster care, or whatever. 
This is an unacceptable answer. The administration is tearing chil-dren away from their parents, includ-ing infants and toddlers, and in some cases, holding these children in cages. The United Nations has noted that children arriving at the U.S. border who plead for asylum with their par-ents is a legal form of entry, and sepa-rating children away from their par-ents is illegal and a violation of human rights. These immoral practices are being executed by the Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, to instill fear and deter families, who are already fleeing extreme fear and violence in their native homes. They are trying to, again, deter them from seeking legal protection in Amer-ica. For example, from October 2017 to April 2018, 700 children were separated. But in just the first 13 days of May of this year, 2018, 658 children were sepa-rated, which almost equals the pre-vious 6 months. Children are literally being ripped from their mothers’ arms, who are simply seeking safety for their families. And immorally, the adminis-tration is breaking up families, plain and simple. Asylum seekers should not be held hostage and penalized for want-ing to be protected from harm. This new policy is clearly unprece-dented, cruel, and altogether dead wrong. It is imperative that we stand up against the administration’s un- American policies towards families. Today, my colleagues and I are standing up against this barbaric ac-tion and demand the administration stop punishing children and stop pun-ishing families who are fearing for their lives. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ), my good friend and distinguished col-league. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
ORREA for yielding, and I thank him for organizing this Special Order. It is a part of immigration law—it is not a violation of immigration law, it is a part of immigration law—that peo-ple fleeing for their lives can come to the United States and apply for asy-lum. Not only is that in our statutes, but it is also in a treaty that we rati-fied. People concerned about the rule of law ought to realize this is part of our law. Here is what is happening. People fleeing for their lives, primarily from Central America, are going to the ports of entry. In some cases, we have re-ceived reports that they make their claim and their children are taken away from them, I believe in violation of law. In other cases, even though they are there to make an application, they are turned away by Border Patrol. They then go down the road and find a Bor-der Patrol agent to turn themselves in to, to make their claim for political asylum. And when that happens, their children are then taken away from them. Mr. Speaker, there is a report today from the Department of Health and Human Services, which says that since this policy was adopted by the Trump administration, 1,329 kids have been taken from their parents in this cruel policy. I think that this is not the American way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.087 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5143 June 13, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I saw a report from CNN today. Here is what it says: ‘‘The undocumented immigrant from Hon-duras sobbed as she told an attorney Tuesday how Federal authorities took her daughter while she breastfed the child in a detention center . . . when the woman resisted, she was hand-cuffed. . . .’’ The Catholic church has spoken out again today from CNN, and this is what Cardinal DiNardo said: 
Families are the foundational element of our society and they must be able to stay to-gether. While protecting our borders is im-portant, we can and must do better as a gov-ernment, and as a society, to find other ways to ensure that safety. Separating babies from their mothers is not the answer and is immoral. 
We are here today to say: America, we need to take a stand. The President and his administration has decided to terrorize children in an effort to deter people from availing themselves of the opportunity provided for under immi-gration law. That is simply wrong. America, now is the time to be heard. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from California for those remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I join with my col-leagues this afternoon on what is, I think, a very important issue facing our country today, and that is remem-bering what our common shared values are all about: a Nation of immigrants, past and present. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply disturbed, as is my colleague, Congressman C
ORREA , and others that are here, by the administration’s current policy, which we believe tears families apart who are seeking asylum at our borders. That is simply not the American way. These are parents and children fleeing to America, coming here via legal means, seeking refuge for a host of dif-ferent reasons. And what happens to them now? Children, including infants and tod-dlers, are taken from their parents’ care, and sent to shelters, which we now know are sometimes juvenile de-tention centers. That is not right. That is not the American way. The parents are sent to detention facilities as well, which may be in the form of Federal prisons. At America’s borders, this is hap-pening to families; families who, again, are legally seeking asylum. We have had a whole history and tradition of al-lowing families who are seeking legal asylum. And what are they fleeing? Well, we know what they are fleeing: domestic violence, rape, murder, and gang violence. If that is not traumatizing enough, now we are talking about separating them and detaining them, and we are not even beginning to consider the sort of natural disasters that have afflicted neighbors of ours. This is an outrageous policy. I think it is morally disgusting and un-Amer-ican. We are not a nation in terms of our shared values that tears families apart. We never have been. The Amer-ican family is the foundation of our country. We are not a nation that sys-tematically uses fear and the threat of detention to scare immigrants from trying to legally enter this country and build a better life for themselves and their families for what they might be fleeing. Yes, no one disputes that we need to secure our borders. We must ensure the safety of our Nation. That is our high-est priority. We must prevent those who want to do harm to us from enter-ing, whether we are talking about transnational gangs who are engaged in drug trafficking, or in sex traf-ficking, or in other illegal activities that devastate our communities. We all agree on that. I have consistently voted for im-proved border security funding and policies. But ripping these families apart like this is not securing our bor-ders. For over a decade, I have been calling for comprehensive immigration reform that includes border security that fixes our broken immigration system, and does it in a way that is fair, just, and works. We had such a proposal in 2013 that the Senate passed 68–32. Sadly, we could not bring it up. It was a bipar-tisan measure. If we had a strong and comprehensive functioning immigration system, there would be no chance for these disgusting policies to occur, as they are now today. In closing, I stand here today calling on Congress to move on immigration reform, comprehensive immigration re-form, that is bipartisan. Let’s put an end to these immoral, cruel, and un- American policies. If we can’t do that, then let’s just try to bring a clean Dream Act to the floor. I guess we will see what comes next week, in terms of what is being proposed. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today for families who are being ripped apart at the borders, for immigrants past and immigrants present, for let us never forget America is a Nation for over 240 years that has been made up of immi-grants from all around the world. For the future, and the soul of our country, I ask that we come together and fix this broken immigration system. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Cali-fornia for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), my distinguished colleague. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I just want to point out that the United Nations has called this heartless act of separating children from their parents as ‘‘unlawful . . . and a serious violation of the rights of the child.’’ The American Academy of Pediatrics has stated that such separa-tion can cause irreparable harm, dis-rupting a child’s development and af-fecting his or her health. I just want to say that many of my colleagues today have indicated that this is not who we are. b1745 They have asked what I think is a rhetorical question, Mr. CORREA . They have asked: Who are we? Well, I can tell you who we are through the agency of our head of state. We are people who have em-braced the President of the Philippines who kills people who are accused of drug trafficking. Through the agency of our head of state, we are people who have embraced cruel dictators like Vladimir Putin who invaded a country. Through the agency of our head of state, we have asked to readmit Putin into the G7, making it the G8. Through the agency of our head of state, we have declared that Kim Jong-un is to be admired, that he is smart, that he is a good negotiator. Who we are, are people who are si-lent. We are quiet. So why are we ask-ing ourselves who we are? This is who we are, and this is our watch, and the world is watching us. They are watch-ing us be silent and say nothing. Who are we? We are people who have determined that Canada is an enemy of the state. We are people who are stand-ing by while our Government, the United States of America, is violating international human rights law. That is who we are. Until we face the reality of who we are, we can’t fix this. I could not have, 2 years ago, ever predicted that the United States would behave in this manner. This is a horrific practice. The demand is for all Americans to rise up against this, and especially those Americans who have been en-dowed with the privilege of rep-resenting the peoples of the United States of America, especially those people who are in leadership in this body. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Wisconsin, and I completely agree with her. We cannot be silent in these very challenging times. The whole world is upside down, and people are counting on us to make sure that we remind peo-ple of what is going on in Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remind the American people of the quick phrase that was re-cently used by the current administra-tion: ‘‘It’s not our fault.’’ It is not our fault. Really? That is that sentiment of our U.S. Attorney General who deflected the responsi-bility for a zero-tolerance policy that allows the separation of children from their parents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.089 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5144 June 13, 2018 
In the month of May, this evil new policy led to the separation of more than 600 children in a short 13-day span. Have we lost all our human decency? We are a Nation of laws. How can you explain family separation when it comes to asylum seekers? They have not crossed the border illegally, and yet they are being detained and their families separated as if they were here illegally. This is a clear attack on immigrants who have exhausted every last resource to seek refuge in the Nation that once welcomed the tired, the poor, and huddled masses yearning to breathe free. Have we forgotten the words spoken by Mark 12:31 to love thy neighbor as thyself? Is our new message to blame others and not take responsibility? I think it is important to consider the possible logistical challenges be-fore implementing such policies. Per-haps instead of calling for zero toler-ance first, you put prosecutors in place and facilities to house folks in a hu-mane manner. Instead, we asked the U.S. Department of Justice to lend us their lawyers and to rent out vacant Walmart stores. I have no illusions about what the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and Health and Human Services are hiding behind those curtains. We have to remember that these im-migrant families are not committing dangerous crimes. Asylum seekers are not criminals and are not here ille-gally. I represent an area along the border where crime is at record lows, yet the administration keeps saying the oppo-site. I believe our local officers and local courts and local judges and pros-ecutors in both State and Federal courts in my region. I believe them when they tell me what the crime rate is, what is happening in our commu-nities. Right now, the only increased crimi-nal activity I see is the egregious method of ripping families apart and herding immigrant children into a bro-ken system. This is not the America the world knows and loves. This is a shameful pe-riod in our history, and we in this body have the responsibility to correct it. Mr. Speaker, if any of these fright-ened, innocent children ask a Member of this House why they are being sepa-rated from their families, we cannot merely say: It is not our fault. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Texas, and I have to say, when we talk about ‘‘it’s not our fault,’’ let’s remem-ber Central American violence, gang violence, drugs, gangs. What fuels it? Our insatiable appetite in the United States for drugs. Our dollars that go into Central America, this is what fuels the violence. These children, these families, when they come of age, MS–13, whom the President talks about very often, tells these families: ‘‘Either your children join the gang or they die.’’ These par-ents make a third choice, which is to flee, to escape violence, and to seek asylum in America. It is not our fault? Those are our dol-lars that are fueling that violence. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
ORREA for his leadership in put-ting together this Special Order. I know this shocks us all, what is happening at the border, because in our country, family is an institution. It shapes every aspect of our lives. If you just listen to Ronald Reagan, who painted a wonderful picture of what family means in America, he said: ‘‘The family has always been the cor-nerstone of American society. Our fam-ilies nurture, preserve, and pass on to each succeeding generation the values we share and cherish, values that are the foundation of our freedoms.’’ That is Ronald Reagan talking about the family as an American institution. Today, family, that concept, is being torn apart and challenged at our own borders. Screaming children are being ripped from their parents’ arms. These parents are fleeing government vio-lence, domestic violence, religious per-secution. They follow generations of people who came to America seeking a better life. Remember that America was founded by people fleeing religious persecution in Europe. We know the story all too well about what is happening at the border in San Diego where, last week, Dana Sabraw, a Federal judge appointed by George W. Bush, refused to dismiss a lawsuit chal-lenging family separation. The lawsuit involved a Congolese woman and her 7- year-old daughter who were separated at the San Ysidro border crossing after applying for asylum. As The New York Times described, the girl ‘‘was taken away ‘screaming and crying, pleading with guards not to take her from her mother,’’’ and then she was sent to Chicago, thousands of miles away. They didn’t see each other for 4 months. This is common practice. After chil-dren are taken from their parents, many parents don’t have any idea where they went, who is taking care of them, or how to reach them. Now, this mother and her child were reunited, but only after a legal chal-lenge and a DNA test. This mother was looking for the life all parents try to provide their chil-dren: one of security and comfort, one of hope, one of opportunity. We don’t know the exact number of children who have been separated from their parents, but we do know that just one is unacceptable when their parents were just trying to give them a better life. It is also potentially unconstitu-tional, because I know people in this Chamber still care about that. In his opinion, Judge Sabraw said that family separation ‘‘arbitrarily tears at the sacred bond between par-ent and child. Such conduct . . . is bru-tal, offensive, and fails to comport with traditional notions of fair play and de-cency.’’ He also reiterated these same con-stitutional rights are guaranteed to the noncitizens who come to our bor-ders and ask us for asylum. The American Psychological Associa-tion called on the Trump administra-tion to stop this cruel practice, citing increased anxiety, depression, psycho-logical distress, and developmental dis-ruptions in children who are separated from their parents. But as parents, we don’t need the American Psychological Association to tell us that. Imagine it is you and your children. Imagine how you would feel if you were trying to take care of your kids and had one torn away from you. We had one account of a woman nurs-ing her baby. The baby girl was ripped from her arms while she was breast feeding at a detention center. How many children will have to suf-fer before we have to say, ‘‘No more’’? Thankfully, we can do something here. We will not admit every family who comes and asks for our protection. We understand they don’t all met the criteria for asylum. But while they wait for a decision on their application, we can treat these families with re-spect and dignity that demonstrates American values to the rest of the world. Tearing families apart as an immi-gration deterrent is repulsive, and it is not us. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. C
ORREA , for his leadership and for holding this conversation on this im-portant topic. It shocks the conscience. I hear all the time from my constituents who are horrified by this. We need to stop this. We will continue to come back and speak up if we have to, but this needs to end. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
ORREA  once again for holding this hour. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague, the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ), and I also want to thank him for citing President Reagan’s name in his com-ments, President Reagan from the good State of California, my home. Governor Reagan of the State of Cali-fornia, he understood family; he pro-tected families; and President Reagan passed immigration reform in the United States. Thank you, President Reagan. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ), my good friend and dis-tinguished colleague. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman for yielding and for his leader-ship, and for organizing this and for re-minding us of the leadership that the Republican Party took under President Reagan for comprehensive immigration reform, which we have all been calling for for years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.091 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5145 June 13, 2018 
Today, I rise because I believe our country is in a moment of crisis. This administration is turning its back on our ideals, our values, and our history as a safe harbor and beacon of light for the world’s oppressed and threatened peoples. President Trump’s heartless policy of ripping apart families who are coming to the United States seeking freedom from fear, from violence, is cruel, inhu-mane, and blatantly un-American. These families have traveled hun-dreds, if not thousands, of miles to keep their children safe and away from the harm that awaits them at home. No one takes that journey lightly. No one leaves behind the only home they have known, their friends, their ex-tended family, if they have any other choice. Yet, instead of accepting these refu-gees with compassion, this administra-tion is persecuting and prosecuting those fleeing danger, taking babies from their mothers’ and fathers’ arms, causing great trauma. There is absolutely no justification for this policy. It is cruelty for cru-elty’s sake. This is not who we are as a Nation. It is why I have joined Ranking Mem-ber C
UMMINGS to demand an Oversight and Government Reform hearing on this reckless policy, and why I have signed on to a resolution condemning this horrific behavior as the child abuse that it is, and why I am joining the Women’s Caucus next week at a shadow hearing, because we have re-quested a hearing from the Republican majority, and they have not granted it, so we are having our own hearing to explore this issue more. The administration needs to imme-diately change course, and every Mem-ber of Congress must hold it account-able for doing so. These children, these families, and this country deserve so much better. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my good friend, Representative C
ORREA , for hosting this Special Order, for his lead-ership, and for allowing me to partici-pate in this Special Order this evening. b1800 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from New York for her comments. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, Amer-ica has a long and wonderful tradition of welcoming people from all over the world who are fleeing violence and famine and war and repression. It is, in fact, one of the founding values of our country, and the words on the Statue of Liberty remind us of that: 
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me. I lift my lamp beside the golden door. 
What we are here tonight to do, Mr. Speaker, is to raise our voices and be sure the American people understand what is underway in our country. The Trump administration has put forth a program they call zero toler-ance. And just to explain what this means, people who are fleeing gang vio-lence, persecution, incredible depriva-tion, domestic violence, travel a long distance, come to America for the hope of being safe. We have laws in this country that say if, in fact, you are legitimately fleeing violence or persecution and you can demonstrate that, you are eligible for something called asylum. It is an international requirement. It is in our law. This is a lawful process. They come to America, to the golden door. And what is happening now in this country, parents are being ripped from their children, separated, mothers hearing their children in another room crying out their names, pleading for their mothers, and there is nothing they can do because they are being de-tained. Is this who we are? This is not what we expect of the greatest democracy in the world. It is not only against the law, it is not only in violation of international obliga-tions, imagine, the United States is being condemned by the United Na-tions High Commissioner on Refugees and Human Rights because of this con-duct. It has been described as torture of children, torture being defined as an act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is inten-tionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as punishing him or her for an act he or she or a third person has com-mitted. This is torture on kids, to rip them from their parents. And we, today, in the Judiciary Com-mittee pleaded with the chairman: Bring this matter before the Judiciary. We have oversight responsibility for this process. We have a right to know what is going on. But we had a hearing today on a Texas water district issue, a permit issue, but we couldn’t find time to bring the officials responsible for this before our committee. This is a practice which does violence to children, which is tearing families apart, and for which there is no legal justification. And we have pleaded with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Raise your voices. The world is watching America in this moment, and we are undermining our standing in the world, the values that we promote around the world, and we are particu-larly doing tremendous damage to these children and families that are being separated. We have asylum laws for a reason. Those have been enacted by the Con-gress of the United States, and they should be respected by these officials in the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and ICE and by the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States. It is hard to describe the heartache and the pain and the suffering that this illegal, unconstitutional, despicable policy is causing; and our colleagues, my friends on the other side of the aisle, have not so much as raised a peep. They are responsible in their si-lence for the continuation of this pro-gram. We will continue to raise our voices to do everything that we can to bring the attention of the American people to this travesty because, only by the American people contacting their Members of Congress, demanding that this policy change, speaking out against this horrific brutality that is occurring in detention facilities all across this country—this does not re-flect the values of our country. It does not reflect our shared values of re-specting the human dignity of every person, of this special place that chil-dren have and the special responsi-bility that we have for children. We have a responsibility to do some-thing about it, to stop this, to bring the Attorney General before the Con-gress of the United States, to hold him accountable for this horrific behavior and, once again, demonstrate to the world that we are a country that lifts people up, that respects human rights, that honors children, and that dem-onstrates a commitment to family val-ues. This zero tolerance policy does vi-olence to all of that. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for giving me an opportunity to be heard. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ), my good friend and distin-guished colleague. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, on Monday of this week, I was in McAllen, Texas, a beautiful community com-prised of some incredibly courageous, strong, kindhearted people in the Rio Grande Valley in the State of Texas, connected by the Rio Grande River to Reynosa, Mexico, forming one of these extraordinary binational communities that distinguish our connection with Mexico with the State of Texas for the United States of America. I was able to visit the Border Patrol station in McAllen, Texas, which is the busiest Border Patrol station in the country. I happened to be there during the busiest shift during that day in that busy station, and I was able to spend some time with the amazing women and men of the Border Patrol, who have one of the toughest jobs that I can imagine: keeping our country safe, protecting our communities and the families within our communities, and meeting those who are at their most desperate, most vulnerable mo-ment in their lives, people who have fled terror and violence, death and dep-rivation in their countries to come to ours, to seek asylum, to seek safety, to seek refuge. In that Border Patrol station I had the ability to meet a family, a young mother and her young child, who had fled Honduras and had traveled more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.093 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5146 June 13, 2018 
than 2,000 miles to come to this coun-try. And because they presented them-selves to Border Patrol agents, didn’t try to flee from them, went to those Border Patrol agents seeking asylum in between the ports of entry and didn’t do it at the international bridge, didn’t do it at the port of entry, that young mother and her child were ar-rested. They were being held in that cell comprised of cinder blocks, sitting on a hard concrete bench with a num-ber of other mothers and young chil-dren, had just been arrested within the last 24 hours and were about to go to the Border Patrol Processing Center. Through tears, that young mother was able to tell me about her journey. When I asked her why she didn’t choose to cross at the port of entry, where she could have lawfully peti-tioned for asylum, she said: ‘‘I was scared.’’ She didn’t know where to cross. And, frankly, those crossing areas in Reynosa on the Mexican side of the U.S.-Mexico border are controlled by the cartels. The cartels determined where she and her 7-year-old daughter were going to cross. Not lost on me was the fact that her daughter was gripping her mother’s hand for dear life, as I imagine she had been for the last 3 weeks when they made that 2,000-mile journey, where, if they were lucky, they made it on foot. They also made it atop, not inside of, a train, known as La Bestia, or the Beast, and where they were fortunate enough to survive that journey and come to our front door of the United States at the Texas-Mexico border, and where she was arrested and, unbe-knownst to her and to that little girl who was clutching her hand, they would, within hours, be separated and might not know when they would be joined again, if ever. One hundred percent of the young women and men who travel with those young children in between our ports of entry are arrested, are detained, im-prisoned, jailed in those Border Patrol stations, where they next go to the next place that I went to in McAllen, which was the Border Patrol processing center, a gigantic warehouse, where I saw the children who had just been sep-arated from their moms and dads be-hind cyclone fencing, sleeping on pol-ished concrete floors with a mattress 5 or 6 inches thick directly on the ground, Mylar blankets keeping them warm, again, with Border Patrol agents who were as humane and profes-sional as possible, given the cir-cumstances and the conditions. Men separated in other holding pods, women behind cyclone fences in other holding pods. There was another cy-clone-fenced area open for public view where you went to the bathroom and where we had to be able to see your head or your feet. Those are the proc-esses and procedures and the laws under which those people are being held. After that, I went to the inter-national bridge at Reynosa and, on the Mexican side, was able to talk to three different people who were seeking asy-lum. Two of them had made the trip from Guatemala. When they got to Reynosa, they were kidnapped by car-tels, held for 12 days, without clothes, without access to the outside world, with the exception of being able to make calls to family members who could cough up the $7,500 that would purchase their freedom, allow them to leave captivity and make their way to the international bridge, literally 10 feet away from the international line and the United States of America, where, if they could step foot on our soil, they would be able to lawfully pe-tition for asylum. But standing there were four officers of Customs and Border Protection who would not let them pass, who told them we do not have capacity within our country and, therefore, they could not lawfully petition for asylum, therefore, perversely providing the incentive for them to try to cross in between the ports of entry illegally, where they will be arrested, criminally prosecuted, and sent back to countries from which they are fleeing certain death. After that, I went to a detention cen-ter run by a private prison corporation, where I met a man who had left his home country with his 12-year-old daughter, whom he has not seen for the last 5 days. And in between 4-inch- thick Plexiglass, behind which I could barely hear what he was saying, he told me about the horrific journey that he had endured. He took off his shirt and showed me the bullet wounds that he had suffered that had caused him to make the des-perate decision to leave his family, his home country, his language, whatever he knew in life, and take that 12-year- old girl and try to bring her to safety. Again, just as with that mother, he was arrested. He now was in criminal proceedings. He would now be moved to Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment’s Enforcement Removal Oper-ations, ERO facility, where he would be sent back to his country of origin; and he had no clue where that 12-year-old girl that he had risked everything for was at that moment. Thank God for Rochelle Garza, his pro bono attorney, next to whom I was sitting, who was doing everything in her power to provide him the strength, reminding him to keep his faith and saying that she was going to do every-thing in her effort, in her power to track down that 12-year-old girl. Mr. Speaker, who are we to be doing this right now? I know that every single one of us, to a person, if we were standing here in this Chamber in 1939 when this country was sending back the St. Louis, which had set sail on May 13, 1939, from Ham-burg, Germany, with more than 900 German Jewish refugees, including children, that all of us, to a person, would like to say, if I were here, I would have made the case to accept the St. Louis and those 900 passengers and make sure that they could find refuge and asylum in this country. Instead, this country chose not to, and we sent that ship back to Europe, where more than 250 of those 900 passengers would be slaughtered in the Holocaust. This is our opportunity to do the right thing. We will be judged by our conscience, by our children, and by his-tory. This is our moment of truth. So I join my friend from California, with every Member in this Chamber, Republican and Democrat, in calling upon ourselves, our country, to do the right thing at the moment that we still have the chance to do the right thing. Tomorrow, legislation will be intro-duced to end the practice of family sep-aration. As an original cosponsor of this bill, I am calling on my colleagues to rush the decision, the debate, and to pass this overwhelmingly so that we can send it to the Senate and, ulti-mately, to the President’s desk for his signature and do the right thing while we still have the chance to do that. b1815 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for his comments, and I think he is absolutely correct. History is going to judge us, and we are going to look back years from now and say: What did we do? We have to make sure we are not si-lent in this very special moment in our history. I thank the gentleman for coming. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH), my good friend. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to speak on this very important issue. I just want to echo the comments of my colleagues about the basic inhu-manity the policy the Trump adminis-tration is perpetrating on these people who are trying to cross the border in order to seek asylum, in order to flee violence and absolutely unlivable con-ditions in a variety of countries in Latin America. To have a policy of separating them from their children is inhumane and goes against every basic value that we, as Americans, hold dear. The terrible thing about it is, if you listen to the Trump administration, that seems to be the idea. Their notion is to make it as painful as possible, to discourage these people from wanting to seek ref-uge in the United States. Think about how that policy just flips on its head everything that we were raised to believe about America. One of the things that makes America great is we are made up of people from all over the world, in many cases, those who have fled horrific living condi-tions, to come here and build a better life for them and their families. That has made us all better. Our country is stronger because we are renewed every generation by a new set of immigrants from a variety of places across the world. The Trump administration is the first administration in the history of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.095 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5147 June 13, 2018 
this country to be openly, 100 percent hostile to all immigrants. They are trying to make the policy as brutal as possible, because they don’t understand the benefit of immigration. They seem to think that it is hurting us when it is not. So they are wrong on that policy and it is a very simple policy to fix. In fact, it is interesting. We have heard the President on a couple of occasions in the last month say: Oh, not my policy. It is because of some law that Congress passed. It is possible that he is that ignorant. I doubt it. I actually think that he is simply not telling the truth to the American people about a policy that his own Attorney General has stated clearly. So President Trump, if you are as ap-palled as you said you were on a couple of occasions by this policy, you are the President. Fix it. Change it. Stop it. In my district at a Federal peniten-tiary in SeaTac that is supposed to be for the most dangerous criminals that have committed Federal crimes in the country, there are housed well over 150 women right now, many of whom have been separated from their children when they crossed the border. There is a simple fix to this process. As previous speakers, including Mr. O’R
OURKE , have said, we have an asy-lum process in this country. There is a standard by which people can seek asy-lum and it can be granted or not. We should allow these people coming across this border to go through that asylum process. This notion that we don’t have room is patently ridiculous. Even at this point, we have all kinds of jobs going on unfilled in this country. But beyond that, our basic humanity should say: these people are suffering. We have a law that says we should protect them. Follow that law. And also, in terms housing them, there are more people than I can count, more nonprofit organizations, more re-ligious organizations, volunteer organi-zations, who have said: We will gladly take in these immigrants while they await their asylum here. There is a very simple solution to this. We don’t have to put them in the horrible barracks that Mr. O’R
OURKE  described a few minutes ago. There are people who will take them, keep them while they go through the process. It is very simple. Stop the policy of separating chil-dren from their mothers and fathers. It is wrong. It is inhumane. It is grossly unnecessary. They come across the border. We have got a process. Keep them with their families. Take advan-tage of the resources that are available out there in the private sector to find them a place to stay with their fami-lies together, and go through the asy-lum process. Now, I understand the asylum proc-ess. Not everybody is going to qualify for asylum, and it is possible that some of these people are going to have to be sent back to their home country. But at a minimum, we can make sure that when they stay here, they stay to-gether as a family, and if they are al-lowed to stay, they stay together as a family. If they don’t get granted asy-lum, then they go back as a family. To separate families—and I want to emphasize this last point before I fin-ish—when you listen to the Attorney General, when you listen to the admin-istration, they are doing this because it is cruel, because they are so opposed to immigration that they want to try to discourage people. And that is just a sad commentary on what the United States has become under this Presi-dent. We should do the humane thing. Keep families together. Give them their day in court, their day to prove that they qualify for asylum, and then you can make the decision from there. But don’t rip children out of the hands of families. It is something that the United States of America should never do. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California, Mr. CORREA , for hold-ing this hour, and I thank him for giv-ing me the opportunity to say a few words. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Mr. A
DAM SMITH, very much for coming over and sharing his thoughts. It is very important. Again, we cannot forget. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), my good friend and distinguished col-league from the good State of Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
ORREA from the great State of California for taking the time to really allow those of us who are in pain to express that pain. I know that my colleagues, each one of them—as we say sometimes in our religious institu-tions—have come in their own way. I come in a series of ways. One, as a years-long member of the Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee. Being present when we designed a policy for unaccompanied children to be pro-tected and to get to their rightful guardian and not go into the hands of sex traffickers. That was, in fact, a stated policy of the United States for unaccompanied children. And in many ways it happens. In the last 4 or 5 years I was at the border when the surge of unaccompanied chil-dren came because of the violence, par-ticularly in Central America. These children came. We knew they were coming, and we had standup facilities run by nuns and other religious organi-zations to take unaccompanied chil-dren until a legitimate legal guardian in the United States could be docu-mented, or some other legitimate fam-ily documented. When I say, documented, documented that they were able to take the child and that they were legal to the extent that they were not human traffickers. That is what policies we had. There is no policy. There is no regulation. There is no statute. There is no law. There is no law that is allowing the personnel at the border, customs—par-ticularly Border Patrol—to snatch, rip, and tear children away from their fam-ily. And if the distinguished gentleman from California would allow me, I want this to be a call to action because there is a legal process or legislative process. As my previous colleagues have said, many of us are introducing legislation. This past weekend I stood with Guate-malan citizens, people of Guatemalan descent, and we know for fact that 1 million people have been displaced in Guatemala because of the volcano. And I just have to say, they will be fleeing, many of them. We also know that people have come because they have suffered unbeliev-able, unspeakable gang violence: the decapitating of heads, the murder of children. One mother saw two sons murdered and she took the last child, boy child, to try to find refuge. There are stories like this all over. And so what is happening at the border is a nonpolicy that is done only for the vileness of punishment. We will punish these people and they will not come anymore. As we are on the brink of Father’s Day. For those who read the Scrip-tures, they know the story of Moses. Sometimes a parent is so desperate that they will either escape with that child or they will send that child on. And America has always been a place that has found a regular order to deal with this crisis. That is not what is happening, and the American people need to understand. The courts are overloaded. There are not enough immigration judges. There are not enough lawyers. They are tak-ing into court 50 and 70 people at a time. There are some people who are not speaking Spanish. They are speak-ing an indigenous language, and they do not understand at all, except they have come with the right that they have—and the legal term is ‘‘credible fear’’—they have come to seek asylum. And we have for long precedent al-lowed those who have experienced do-mestic violence—the stories are hor-rific—or those who have been the vic-tim of gangs to come, and that is not happening now. So I just want to hold up these pic-tures that show the anguish of parents who could be like any one of us. The anguish of the father, Mr. Rodas, whose 5-year-old was snatched from him; the anguish of parents who desire to do nothing but to help their child or themselves and these children are being snatched away. It is not any im-migration policy, but a policy to scare, to punish, to frighten, to undermine, and to do a vileness. Not because America is not good. We are. But it is important that we act upon that goodness and that we don’t have these series of pictures where when this mother turns her back, the child is snatched away. So the call to action is to the vast-ness of our religious community, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.096 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5148 June 13, 2018 
vast television ministry, TBN, The Im-pact Network, The Word Network, Hillsong Church, whatever ones you want to call. In this day of worship, all of these leaders should stand and speak out in the loudest voice against the un-speakable, nonkindness, ungodly act of snatching children away from parents. I will be going down to visit and to see a number of centers, and all I ask is my Government to be what it is: a loving and nurturing place of values and democracy, and a recognition that we are a Nation of immigrants and a Nation of laws. These people have come to seek asy-lum. That is a legal process. Some may win it and some may not. But I would only say to you that who are we, if we cannot, as a mass of Americans, cry out against this administration. No matter how much of a cult we think this administration has been called, there have to be some good people that will recognize that our values, our flag rises above any person. And it is impor-tant for us to save the lives of these children. Mr. C
ORREA , let me thank the gen-tleman so very much for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, Congressman C
ORREA is a valued member of this body and one of the outstanding member of the Homeland Security Committee, where he Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficienty. We are here today to call upon the Presi-dent and the Congress of the United States to act without delay regarding the ‘‘zero-toler-ance’’ policy that separates families appre-hended on the southern border by U.S. Border Patrol. As the member of the House Committees on Homeland Security and former Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Sub-committee on Maritime and Border Security, I cannot think of a situation more devastating than having the government forcibly separate a parent from her child to a place unknown, for a fate uncertain, absent any form of com-munication. Every day, hundreds of persons, ranging from infants and toddlers to adolescents and adults, flee violence, oppression, and eco-nomic desperation from Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, seeking safe harbor in the United States. They are not criminals or terrorists, they are refugees seeking asylum. The American government must harness all available resources to aid those enduring un-imaginable suffering, which is why I have called upon the President to extend Tem-porary Protected Status for those affected by this volcano, including introducing broader leg-islation that makes Guatemala eligible for TPS. While they hope to receive asylum, none of us expected that they would be treated as criminals or that their children would be forc-ibly separated from them. I cannot think of a situation more dev-astating than having the government forcibly separate a parent from their child to a place unknown, for a fate uncertain, absent any form of communication. But shamefully that is exactly what is hap-pening under this administration. Reports indicate that as many as 700 chil-dren have been taken from adults claiming to be their parents since October 2017, including more than 100 children under the age of 4. This startling fact comes after Acting Assist-ant Secretary Steven Wagner of the U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Services (HHS) testified before the Senate in April 2018 that during a review of more than 7,600 unac-companied immigrant children who had re-cently arrived and been placed with a sponsor, officials at the agency were unable to deter-mine the precise whereabouts of 1,475 chil-dren. This is unconscionable and unacceptable. This administration’s practice of separating children from their parents inexplicably turns accompanied children into unaccompanied children, with all of the attendant risks and dangers, including human trafficking. In 2014, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations reported that ‘‘over a period of 4 months, HHS allegedly placed a number of UACs in the hands of a ring of human traf-fickers who forced them to work on egg farms in and around Marion, Ohio. The minor victims were forced to work six or seven days a week, twelve hours per day. The traffickers repeatedly threatened the victims and their families with physical harm, and even death, if they did not work or sur-render their entire paychecks.’’ What is even more reprehensible is to this day, the Trump administration maintains that the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) is not legally responsible for children after they are released from ORR care. This line of thinking allows such gross negligence to take place in the first place. As the Founder and Chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus and as a parent and grandparent, this is unac-ceptable. Studies have documented that when young children are traumatically removed from their parents, their physical and mental health and well-being suffers. The effects of these traumatic experi-ences—especially in children who have al-ready faced serious adversity—are unlikely to be short-lived, and can likely last a lifetime. This is exacerbated when the child in cus-tody speaks a language that is not English or Spanish. Although the government has a legal obliga-tion to provide reasonable language services to unaccompanied minors, many children ar-riving to the U.S. speak indigenous languages and have little or no translation assistance provided by the U.S. government. The Trump administration’s ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ policy does not make our nation safer or more secure, nor is it a solution to the problem of illegal immigration and refugees seeking asy-lum. It is, however, monstrously cruel, inhu-mane, and shameful and makes a mockery of America’s reputation as the most welcoming and generous nation on earth. United Nations Office spokesperson Ravina Shamdasani recently condemned the Trump administration’s treatment of unaccompanied minors coming to the United States saying that ‘‘the use of immigration detention and family separation as a deterrent runs counter to human rights standards and principles’’. The last time this nation had policies that promoted the forcible separation of children from newly arrived persons was slavery: a dark chapter in this nation’s history that we should not revisit. Today, the parents of these thousands of children will not be deterred from finding ways to reunite with their children, even reentering the United States under the threat of imprison-ment. It would be unconscionable to prosecute parents under these circumstances. There must be strong and aggressive congressional oversight of this administration’s immigration enforcement. The Trump administration’s policy should cease and desist immediately. National Policy regarding immigration legis-lation should not create greater fear for fami-lies already traumatized by intolerable condi-tions in their home countries. U.S. immigration policy should not deter ref-ugees from seeking asylum within our borders. We should welcome mothers carrying their babies to a safe haven and assure the safety of their children. I will soon be introducing legislation prohib-iting the separation of children from their fami-lies absent a health or safety risk. The legisla-tion will also provide that these children the right to be represented by counsel and that translation services be available at all legal proceedings at all stages. As we have seen with the recent volcanic activity and earthquakes in Guatemala, the United States should be seeking ways to help its neighbors in the Southern Hemisphere. The American government must harness all available resources to aid those enduring un-imaginable suffering, which is why I have called upon the President to extend Tem-porary Protected Status for those affected by this volcano. In the coming days, I will also be introducing broader legislation that makes Guatemala eli-gible for TPS, so that those who fled this hor-ror, and other mainstays of the world—like a murder rate which is among the highest in the country, and rampant gang violence—may have hope to realize their American dream.’’ The Trump administration is utterly failing in its basic duty to treat all persons with dignity and compassion. Rather, it is making a mockery of our na-tional values and reputation as a champion of human rights. This crisis is not just an immigration matter, nor is it just a foreign policy matter. It is a humanitarian crisis, executed by an administration that purports to be the cham-pion of ‘family values’ but whose actions do not actually value families. We are a great country with a long and noble tradition of providing sanctuary to the persecuted and oppressed. And it is in that spirit that we should act. We can do it; after all, we are Americans. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague Congresswoman J
ACKSON  L
EE, for her comments. I agree with her. This is a call to ac-tion. At this moment in history, we cannot be silent. At this moment in history, we cannot look away. And in this moment of history, we cannot ig-nore what we know is clearly going on around us. I thank the gentlewoman for her comments. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Mr. J
OA-
QUIN CASTRO , my good friend and dis-tinguished colleague from Texas. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman C
ORREA for yield-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.097 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5149 June 13, 2018 
I think as Americans learned, mostly over the last few weeks, that young children were being separated from their mothers and fathers at the U.S.- Mexico border, and now have heard that the Trump administration is pro-posing to put these young children who have been separated from their parents in tent camps on military bases in Texas and in other places, it makes people wonder whether the Nation has lost its moral compass under this ad-ministration. Just because somebody crosses a bor-der or presents themselves at a border, does not make them nonhuman. b1830 The United States is a nation, if any-thing, that stands for and has stood for freedom, for human rights, and for de-mocracy. How can we carry that mantle when we refuse to treat people like human beings, especially young children? This has become standard govern-ment policy under the Trump adminis-tration. It is leaving lasting trauma— emotional, mental, and physical trau-ma—to these young kids. We should be able to enforce our im-migration laws and still respect peo-ple’s humanity. So I have been encour-aged to see so many Americans speak up against this abhorrent policy. So many Americans from every corner of this Nation, every city and every part, have spoken up against this policy. Because this Nation has stood as a moral beacon around the world, it was quite remarkable recently when the United Nations, which the United States hosts in New York City and for which the United States is the largest funder, condemned our Nation for sepa-rating kids from their families and their parents at the U.S.-Mexico bor-der. I ask us to think about that and its significance. If we can’t stop these kinds of things from happening in the United States, then I don’t know that we can stop them from happening anywhere in the world. This is not only a call to con-science, it is a call to respect our Con-stitution, and it is a call that is not Republican or Democrat or liberal or conservative but American. It is a call for respect of human dignity. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman C
ORREA for organizing this discussion today and for all of his work on this issue. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. C
ASTRO from the good State of Texas, for his com-ments. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the op-portunity to address this most impor-tant issue of asylum and this most im-portant issue of children seeking asy-lum in this great country of ours. We have to remember who this coun-try is. We have to remember who we are as a people. We are all immigrants in this country. Except if you are na-tive-born, Native American, you are not. But 99.9 percent of us were all im-migrants. We all came to this country, our forefathers came to this country seeking a better life, seeking better op-portunities, and seeking to run away from tyranny that was provided to them by other countries. Today, I hope that the people who are watching and the people who are listening understand what is at stake today. We cannot look away. We can-not ignore what is going on. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my colleague and fellow member on the House Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, Congressman LOUCORREA , for leading to-night’s special order regarding the need to protect immigrant children and families from the cruel and punitive policies adopted by the Trump Administration. Over the past several months, the Trump Administration has engaged in the barbaric ac-tivity of separating migrant children from their parents to instill fear and deter families from seeking legal protection in the United States. These families are fleeing dangerous and vio-lent situations in their home countries—seek-ing safety in the United States—only to have their children taken away from them. In many situations, the parents are not told where their children are or when they will be reunited. We have laws in place so that people flee-ing dangerous situations can request protec-tion and humanitarian relief. We should open our arms to these families, not tear them apart and put them in jail. Earlier this year, I was proud to lead all 12 of Democrats on the Committee on Homeland Security, as well as 63 of our Democratic col-leagues, in sending a letter to Secretary Nielsen strongly opposing the practice of sep-arating migrant parents from their children at the border. I continue to condemn this practice by the Trump Administration. A secure border and effective immigration system is important. The use of these tactics to deter migration is not only ineffective, but also un-American. I urge my colleagues to join me in speaking out against this unjust and inhumane policy. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, during a 2-week period in May, 658 immigrant children were separated from their families by Customs and Border Patrol agents at our southern border. The number of immigrant children held in custody by the United States government is now 10,773, an increase of 21% since the end of April. Sadly, this practice of family separation continues to be applied by the Trump administration today. It must be stopped immediately. The high majority of families crossing our southern border come from Central America, where rampant violence threatens the lives of women and children in particular. These fami-lies come to the United States in hopes of finding safety. Instead, this inhumane policy enforced by the Trump administration ensures that parents and children will face additional psychological and emotional trauma. Separation from parents is particularly dam-aging for young children, who have already endured a long and dangerous journey from their points of origin. Aside from the obvious emotional toll of parental separation, a report released by the American Civil Liberties Union last month details pervasive abuse of unac-companied children by the Customs and Bor-der Protection agency. Instances of this abuse include CBP officials repeatedly punching a child’s head, verbally abusing detained chil-dren, and denying a pregnant minor medical care, which resulted in a stillbirth. Congress must come together to end the Trump administration’s practice and to ensure that these migrants are treated humanely. At-torney General Jeff Sessions’ recent an-nouncement that this administration will not grant asylum to victims of domestic and gang violence will only exacerbate the problems these families face, and at the very least, we must ensure that they are able to stay to-gether as they face their uncertain futures. Mr. Speaker, no matter where they come from, parents and children belong together, Congress must use its legislative authority to prevent the Trump administration from ripping them apart. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-press grave concern about the acceleration of the separation of families at the U.S.-Mexico border due to the Trump Administration’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy toward border cross-ers. According to Reuters, more than 1,800 families have been separated from their chil-dren in the periods between October 2016 and February 2018. Since then, the number has dramatically in-creased. Recent testimony from CBP officials shows that in the two weeks following Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ May 7th announcement of the policy, 638 adults with 658 children were placed in the prosecution process, effec-tively separating them from their children for an indefinite time period. In McAllen, Texas alone, federal defenders counted 421 immi-grant parents coming through the court room in the period between May 21st and June 5th. This number is alarming and disgraceful. While their parents are prosecuted, children are placed in Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) contract facilities like Southwest Key in Brownsville, Texas, an old Wal-Mart now being used to house children detainees. Sev-eral reports indicate that children in CBP cus-tody are held in kennel-like cages and are being verbally, emotionally, physically, and sexually mistreated. We do not know the exact number of children being held, what they are doing with them inside, or how long these chil-dren remain ‘‘in custody’’ before they are able to see their parents. What we do know is that allowing children to be ripped from their fami-lies is a terrible policy that the United Nations has already explicitly condemned. The Trump Administration, through their own volition, decided that it is in the national interest of the United States to cause such pain and suffering. Multiple studies have shown that separating children from their fami-lies is a traumatizing experience with lifelong consequences. To be clear Mr. Speaker, there is no law that requires families to be torn apart. There is no law that requires that a child go through such a traumatizing experi-ence. What these children are going through is reprehensible, unacceptable, and in blatant disregard to the values of these United States. Our country was founded on the notion that all peoples are worthy of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Immigrants come to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13JN7.098 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5150 June 13, 2018 
country searching and hoping to fulfill the American Dream. Many immigrants risk their lives fleeing their countries plagued with vio-lence. It is repugnant that the Trump Adminis-tration continues to torment such vulnerable individuals, particularly toddlers, in such an atrocious manner. As the world’s leading democracy, we should strive to protect human rights, regard-less of one’s citizenship or place of origin. Our nation’s child welfare laws have long recog-nized family unity as an essential human right. As such, I joined with Homeland Security Committee Ranking Member B
ENNIE THOMP -
SON to demand information Customs and Bor-der Protection and the Department of Health and Human Services about the Administra-tion’s de facto policy of separating families at the border. We need answers and every sin-gle day that passes, more families face the risk of being separated from their loved one. I urge my colleagues to join me in seeking answers from this Administration. We cannot let these voices go unheard. These children are suffering and are in desperate need of our support. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2333. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. H.R. 4743. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 1869.—An act to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistleblower Protection Coordi-nator. S. 2246.—An act to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Ser-geant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, June 14, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5136. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Op-tional Internet Availability of Investment Company Shareholder Reports (Release Nos.: 33-10506; 34-83380; IC-33115; File No.: S7-08-15) (RIN: 3235-AL42) received June 11, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5137. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Subject to Certifi-cation; D&C Black No. 4 [Docket No.: FDA- 2017-C-0935] received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5138. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Formic Acid as a Feed Acidifying Agent in Complete Poul-try Feeds [Docket No.: FDA-2017-F-2130] re-ceived June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5139. A letter from the Senior Advisor to the Secretary, National Park Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Technical and Clarifying Edits; Criminal Violations NPS Units Nationwide [NPS-WASO-24719; PPWOVPADU0/PPMPRLE1Y.Y00000] (RIN: 1024-AE43) received June 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5140. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Coast Guard Sec-tor Ohio Valley Annual and Recurring Safe-ty Zones Update [Docket No.: USCG-2018- 0065] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5141. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Barge PFE-LB444, San Joaquin River, Blackslough Landing, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0387] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5142. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Pacific Ocean, Kilauea Lava Flow Ocean Entry on South-east Side of Island of Hawaii, HI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0234] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5143. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Cocos Lagoon, Merizo, GU [Docket No.: USCG-2018- 0290] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5144. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s no-tice of proposed rulemaking — Special Local Regulation; Black Warrior River, Tusca-loosa, AL [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0014] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5145. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River mile marker 27.8 to mile marker 28.2, Vanport, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0422] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5146. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River, Cincinnati, OH [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0291] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5147. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Clinch River, Oak Ridge, TN [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0096] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5148. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ten-nessee River, Huntsville, AL [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0006] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5149. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Clinch River, Oak Ridge, TN [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0143] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5150. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pensa-cola Bay, Pensacola, FL [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0086] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5151. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Pensa-cola Bay, Pensacola, FL [Docket No.: USCG- 2017-0998] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5152. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Red River, Alexandria, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0312] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5153. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.036 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5151 June 13, 2018 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Santa Rosa Sound, Pensacola Beach, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0061] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5154. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Sabine River, Orange, Texas [Docket No.: USCG- 2017-1080] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5155. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Wolf River Chute, Memphis, TN [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0313] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5156. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Pensacola Bay, Pensacola, FL [Dock-et No.: USCG-2018-0103] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5157. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations; Sec-tor Ohio Valley Annual and Recurring Spe-cial Local Regulations Update [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0064] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5158. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Tennessee River, Miles 446.0 to 454.5 [Docket No.: USCG-2015- 1113] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5159. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Appomattox FPS, Mississippi Canyon 437, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0446] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5160. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Thunder over Toledo Fireworks, Maumee River, To-ledo, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0469] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5161. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Free-dom Festival Fireworks, Lake Erie, Luna Pier, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0449] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5162. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Chicago Harbor, Adler Planetarium, Chicago, IL [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0391] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5163. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Mis-sissippi Sound, Biloxi, MS [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0083] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5164. A letter from the Reg. Dev. Coordi-nator, Office of Regulation Policy and Man-agement, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting the Department’s Major final rule — Ex-panded Access to Non-VA Care through the Veterans Choice Program (RIN: 2900-AP60) received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 5165. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Reference Price for Section 451 Credit for Production of Natural Gas from Marginal Wells During Taxable years Beginning in Calendar Year 2017 [Notice 2018-52] received June 8, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5804. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for modification in payment for certain out-patient surgical services (Rept. 115–752, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5809. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to encour-age the use of non-opioid analgesics for the management of post-surgical pain under the Medicare program, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–753, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5861. A bill to amend part A of title IV of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–754). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5804 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5809 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. N EAL, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. F
OXX, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and Mr. B URGESS ): H.R. 6. A bill to provide for opioid use dis-order prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. L AMB, and Mr. C OURT -
NEY): H.R. 6080. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act, the Labor Management Relations Act, 1947, the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, 1959, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. L
AHOOD(for himself, Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ): H.R. 6081. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the require-ment that the taxpayer’s basis in a building be reduced by the amount of the rehabilita-tion credit determined with respect to such building; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 6082. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confiden-tiality of substance use disorder patient records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6083. A bill to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to mod-ify the terms of the Jackson Gulch rehabili-tation project in Colorado, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 6084. A bill to amend title VII of the Social Security Act to provide for a single point of contact at the Social Security Ad-ministration for individuals who are victims of identity theft; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself and Mr. L
ANCE ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Sep 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H13JN8.REC H13JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5152 June 13, 2018 
H.R. 6085. A bill to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Edu-cation for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Mr. D
ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. L EE, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M
EEKS , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana): H.R. 6086. A bill to amend section 249 of title 18, United States Code, to specify lynch-ing as a hate crime act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. CHENEY (for herself, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah, and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 6087. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to recover the cost of proc-essing administrative protests for oil and gas lease sales, applications for permits to drill, and right of way applications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. CURTIS (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. G
OHMERT ): H.R. 6088. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to authorize notifications of permit to drill, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 6089. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to impose e-bonding re-quirements on certain nonimmigrant visa applicants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6090. A bill to provide for a report by the Committee on Technology of the Na-tional Science and Technology Council on machine learning and artificial intelligence; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ): H.R. 6091. A bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mrs. M
IMI WALTERS of California, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. R UIZ): H.R. 6092. A bill to develop and identify in-dicators of potentially fraudulent and dis-reputable recovery housing operators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 6093. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to require paper ballots and risk limiting audits in all Federal elec-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself and Mr. NOR-
MAN): H.R. 6094. A bill to prohibit lifting of United States sanctions imposed with re-spect to North Korea; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. D
ESANTIS (for himself and Mr. G
OODLATTE ): H.R. 6095. A bill to prohibit the boycotting of countries friendly to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 6096. A bill to prohibit public compa-nies from repurchasing their shares on the open market, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. P OCAN ): H.R. 6097. A bill to amend title I of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to authorize the establishment of, and provide support for, State-based universal health care systems that provide comprehensive health benefits to State residents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Ways and Means, Oversight and Government Reform, Armed Services, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6098. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 and title 5, United States Code, to permit leave to care for a do-mestic partner, parent-in-law, adult child, sibling, grandchild, or grandparent who has a serious health condition, and to allow em-ployees to take, as additional leave, parental involvement leave to participate in or attend their children’s and grandchildren’s edu-cational and extracurricular activities; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H.R. 6099. A bill to promote registered ap-prenticeships, including registered appren-ticeships within in-demand industry sectors, through the support of workforce inter-mediaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6100. A bill to terminate the Denali Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. S OTO, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-linois, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R
USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ORREA , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. POCAN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. A
DAMS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. E VANS , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Ms. B ASS, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. V
EASEY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): H. Con. Res. 123. Concurrent resolution supporting National Men’s Health Week; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H. Res. 936. A resolution expressing support for designation of June 19, 2018, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recogni-tion of June 19, 1865, the date on which slav-ery legally came to an end in the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. D
ESANTIS , and Mr. Y OHO): H. Res. 937. A resolution expressing the sense of the Congress, that within 7 days of enactment, that the Department of Justice shall provide certain documents in its pos-session to the House of Representatives re-lating to the ongoing congressional inves-tigation of certain prosecutorial and inves-tigatory decisions made by the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion surrounding the 2016 election; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Perma-nent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. P ERRY ): H. Res. 938. A resolution of inquiry direct-ing the Attorney General to provide certain documents in the Attorney General’s posses-sion to the House of Representatives relating to the ongoing congressional investigation related to certain prosecutorial and inves-tigatory decisions made by the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion surrounding the 2016 election; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HURD: H. Res. 939. A resolution providing for the consideration of H.R. 4796; to the Committee on Rules. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Ms. P
ELOSI ): H. Res. 940. A resolution congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their domi-nant back-to-back championship victory in the 2018 National Basketball Association Finals; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13JN7.100 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5153 June 13, 2018 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 6079. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 6. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 , Section 8 By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6080. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. L
AHOOD: H.R. 6081. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States....  By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 6082. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6083. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6084. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 6085. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6086. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . provide for the . . . and general Welfare of the United States;’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ Article III, Section 2, Clause 2: ‘‘The judi-cial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under this Constitution [and] the Laws of the United States . . .’’ By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 6087. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. CURTIS: H.R. 6088. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6089. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 4 of the Con-stitution By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6090. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 6091. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 , Section 8 By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 6092. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 6093. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 4, Clause 1 By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 6094. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. D
ESANTIS: H.R. 6095. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 6096. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States, which states: The Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 6097. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6098. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 6099. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, United States Con-stitution By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6100. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 7 ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 99: Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 154: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 592: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 754: Mr. S
HUSTER and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 795: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 809: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 913: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 930: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 997: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1114: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 1204: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 1227: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1279: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1300: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1377: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1447: Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia. H.R. 1464: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1606: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1683: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1876: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 1904: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1911: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 1957: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 2043: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2267: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C
UELLAR , and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 2295: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2306: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2345: Mr. L
ANCE , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi- ana, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2452: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2514: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 2885: Mr. S
HUSTER . H.R. 2902: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 2932: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3145: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3533: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3569: Mr. B
ACON and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 3626: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 3773: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 3941: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3956: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 4143: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4253: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 4485: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4505: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4732: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4828: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 4897: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4953: Mr. L
ATTA and Mr. K INZINGER . H.R. 4985: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 5227: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 5270: Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 5282: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 5324: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 5343: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. D UNN, and Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 5358: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 5417: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 5452: Mr. C
OHEN and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5499: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. A
BRAHAM , and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 5559: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 5588: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S
TIVERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. K
INGof New York, and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 5594: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 5610: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 5634: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 5647: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 5658: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.040 H13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5154 June 13, 2018 
H.R. 5671: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5697: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5732: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 5780: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 5818: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 5819: Mr. S
CHNEIDER and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5855: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida and Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 5864: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 5889: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5891: Ms. H
ANABUSA and Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia. H.R. 5899: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. K IL-
DEE. H.R. 5948: Mr. B
UCK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G OH-
MERT , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 5949: Mr. BUCK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G OH-
MERT , and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 5988: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5990: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 6001: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 6014: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. C LAY, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C LYBURN , and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 6016: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 6032: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 6033: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 6059: Mr. N
EAL, Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 6060: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 6079: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Ms. C HENEY , and Mr. L
ONG. H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. C
ULBERSON . H. Res. 69: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H. Res. 785: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. R ENACCI . H. Res. 915: Mr. R
ASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. W
ELCH . H. Res. 926: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Mr. C
HABOT . H. Res. 927: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. W
ALZ. H. Res. 933: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E VANS , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, and Mr. M
EEKS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN7.044 H13JNPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3863 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 2018 No. 98 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
AND P
AUL, a Senator from the Common-wealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Loving and Ever-Present God, we thank You for being our helper in the present and our hope for the future. We trust You to direct our steps with Your providential power. Forgive our slow-ness to understand and our haste to question Your purposes. Lord, guide our lawmakers. Where there is perplexity, provide clarity. Where there is sickness, bring healing. Where there is doubt, give faith. Where there is despair, bestow hope. Hasten the day when the Earth will be filled with Your glory as the waters cover the sea. We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The assistant bill clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 13, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ANDPAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. ORRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
FARM BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, my colleagues and I on the Agriculture Committee will mark up the farm bill today. It is a landmark piece of legisla-tion that will benefit farmers and com-munities throughout our country. I will have much more to say on the sub-ject in the days and weeks ahead, par-ticularly when it arrives here on the floor. I am particularly excited that the legislation being considered today in-cludes provisions from the Hemp Farm-ing Act of 2018, of which the occupant of the Chair is an original cosponsor and which I introduced earlier this year. This provision will empower farmers in Kentucky and other States to fully realize the potential of indus-trial hemp. For now, I just want to thank Chair-man R
OBERTS for his leadership and congratulate him and all of our col-leagues on the committee for their bi-partisan collaboration and the impres-sive bill it has produced. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. On another mat-ter, Mr. President, last week, Sec-retary of Defense Mattis met with our NATO allies in Brussels. He offered an important reminder: ‘‘Threats to our collective security have not waned.’’ In other words, it remains a challenging time to defend our Nation, our inter-ests, and our values. Secretary Mattis has been con-sistent. Our new national defense strat-egy makes this clear. Though we face a constant threat from international ter-rorism, our Nation must also enhance our capabilities for a renewed era of international competition among great powers. He, along with our senior military commanders, have shared this message with Congress time and again. They have detailed our servicemembers’ pressing needs and explained the im-portance of steady resources in the face of evolving threats. We have heard them loud and clear. Earlier this year, our bipartisan spending agreement eliminated harm-ful, arbitrary limits on defense spend-ing and delivered the largest year-on- year increase in funding for our mili-tary in 15 years. Now it is time to build on this progress and pass our 58th an-nual Defense authorization bill. This year’s NDAA is rightfully named for our friend and colleague JOHN MCCAIN. It would authorize $716 billion to equip and train America’s 21st century forces to meet and over-come today’s challenges. As the Iranian regime continues its aggressive efforts to expand its sphere of influence throughout the Middle East, this bill will empower our forces to support our strategic partnerships in the region. As China continues testing the boundaries of its power in the Pacific region, the NDAA will extend the au-thority of the Indo-Pacific maritime security initiative and extend the reach and readiness of naval and air forces within the U.S. Pacific Com-mand. As Russia persists in its efforts to de-stabilize western democracies and sow doubt within NATO, the bill before us would enhance multilateral security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.000 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3864 June 13, 2018 
cooperation throughout the alliance and give U.S. Cyber Command the re-sources to disrupt, deter, and defeat cyber aggression. The legislation before us sends a clear message to our men and women in uniform. It tells them that we have their backs. After years of uncertain funding and arbitrary funding limits, we have their backs. In the face of di-verse and evolving threats, we have their backs. When I vote, I will do it to tell the brave Kentuckians serving at home and abroad that we have their backs. I hope that each of our colleagues will do the same. This bill was crafted in a thorough, bipartisan committee process and was modified to include more than 40 amendments. I look forward to con-cluding our consideration and passing this NDAA very soon. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, there has been no shortage of recent reporting on the economic progress that is flooding across our country. Take a New York Times headline from earlier this month: ‘‘We Ran Out of Words to De-scribe How Good the Jobs Numbers Are.’’ Let me say that again. This is from the New York Times: ‘‘We Ran Out of Words to Describe How Good the Jobs Numbers Are.’’ This is from a Wall Street Journal editorial: 
The U.S. economy is picking up speed, and it’s paying dividends in an expanding job market. . . . President Trump’s tax reform and deregulation agenda appears to be work-ing. 
And here is a welcome development for America’s parents: 
Workers age 25 to 34 made up 1.04 million of the 2.58 million jobs added over the last year. Job and wage growth may finally be in-ducing young people to move out of their parents’ basements. 
More jobs, more wage growth, more opportunities for middle-class Ameri-cans—it is good news, plain and simple. Well, apparently, it is not so simple for our friends across the aisle. While Republicans and the rest of the coun-try are cheering on this new prosperity for working families, our Democratic friends are trying to pretend that the facts don’t matter and things aren’t ac-tually getting better. Here is how the leader of the House Democrats, the distinguished Congress-woman from San Francisco, tried to sarcastically brush away the facts a few days ago: 
Hip, hip, hooray, unemployment is down! What does that mean to me? 
I couldn’t make this up. ‘‘Hip, hip, hooray,’’ she scoffs. Unemployment is at an 18-year low, the fewest Ameri-cans on unemployment insurance since 1973, and Democratic leadership can’t quite fathom why this would matter for American families and small busi-ness owners. I know plenty of families and job creators in Kentucky who would be happy to explain. Texas Roadhouse is a restaurant chain based in Louisville that employs more than 2,500 Kentuckians. They shared recently that tax reform will allow them to invest in their company, customers, and employees. Plus, this economic climate has them planning to open 30—30—new locations across the country next year. Maybe the new cooks and wait staff at 30 new res-taurants could explain to the House Democratic leader why a falling unem-ployment rate is a victory for Amer-ican families. Just today, Glier’s Meats in Cov-ington, KY, is sharing similar good news. Tax reform is enabling this small business, famous for its German-in-spired sausage, to make life better for its nearly 30 employees and plant deep-er roots in Kenton County. Since the new law passed in December, Glier’s has been able to make capital invest-ments, including new machinery, which is critical to the daily oper-ations of the business. They have been able to resume offering comprehensive health benefits, which it had to give up 6 years ago as costs soared under ObamaCare. They have been able to significantly increase employees’ wages, and they are on track to hire five new workers in the coming months. Our Kentucky State treasurer, Alli-son Ball, had it just right. She said in a recent column: ‘‘Kentuckians have immediately benefited from federal tax reform.’’ These immediate benefits are only the beginning. More and more stories like these are being written all the time as tax reform, regulatory reform, and the rest of Republicans’ oppor-tunity agenda continue helping Amer-ican workers and job creators. There are transformative new equip-ment purchases for Main Street small businesses, pay raises for hard-working middle-class employees, and new job openings all over the country so that new workers who are just starting out have more opportunities, and midcareer professionals who have been on the sidelines have the opportunity to clock back in. Unlike leading Democrats, appar-ently, Republicans don’t need it ex-plained to us why this news matters to workers and families. It is exactly what we hoped to achieve. It is exactly the result that our policies were meant to produce. The distinction could not be more clear. On one side of the aisle are those who mock multithousand-dollar tax re-form bonuses as ‘‘crumbs,’’ who can’t grasp why an 18-year low in employ-ment would matter to American fami-lies, and on the other side of the aisle are those of us who have helped make it happen. MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 5895 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The leader is correct. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
TRUMP-KIM SUMMIT Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I rise today briefly to thank President Trump. I want to thank him for our summit with North Korea in Singa-pore. Only Nixon could go to China, and I think only Trump could go to North Korea. I understand that he went to Singapore, but you get the point. It is a beginning. It is a baby step, but it was an important step, and I want to thank President Trump for taking it. Certainly, there is nothing in the his-tory of Kim Jong Un or his father or his grandfather that would cause us to be optimistic. So I think the President and all Americans are entering into this discourse with eyes wide open. We also know that Kim Jong Un is not coming to the table out of the goodness of his heart. President Trump and the U.S. Congress have hit him with sanctions, and we have hit him so hard that he is coughing up bones. I hate to do that to the people of North Korea, but we had no choice. I think Kim Jong Un is coming to the table also because he understands that, for the first time in a long time, Amer-ica means what it says and a military option is on the table. He saw what happened to Assad in Syria, not once but twice. So we enter into this discourse with North Korea, as I said, with eyes wide open. An old comedian once said that sincerity is everything. Fake that, and you got it made. Well, we don’t know whether Kim Jong Un is sincere yet. We will prob-ably find out when the President asks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.002 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3865 June 13, 2018 
for authority to send in inspectors from America to inventory Kim Jong Un’s nuclear arsenal, his nuclear tech-nology, and his missile technology. If the answer is ‘‘no, we can’t do that,’’ or if Kim Jong Un takes evasive measures to try to hide his weaponry, then, we will know, but we will have tried. I want to thank President Trump today on behalf of all Americans who believe in peace for the successful start of what I hope will be a successful sum-mit and relationship with North Korea. Thank you, President Trump. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TRUMP-KIM SUMMIT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, talks between President Trump and Chair-man Kim in Singapore, as we all know, concluded yesterday. Certainly, we are all heartened to see the two leaders en-gage in a dialogue. We feel much better when both President Trump and Chair-man Kim are talking rather than trad-ing insults and military threats. We all want this diplomacy to succeed. But now that the dust is settling after the Singapore summit, three things are clear. No. 1, Chairman Kim achieved far more than President Trump did. No. 2, our adversaries, Rus-sia and China, have gained while our allies, like South Korea and Japan, have lost footing and some degree of faith in America’s reliability. No. 3, the summit was much more show than substance—what the Texans call ‘‘all cattle and no hat.’’ Let me elaborate. In past agreements with North Korea, the United States won far stronger language on denuclearization, and we won specific measures to ensure that North Korea was taking steps in that direction. Of course, even with the stronger lan-guage, the North Korean regime re-peatedly backtracked from previous American-led agreements. The joint statement in Singapore in-cludes none of the concrete details that could make an ambitious goal like ‘‘complete denuclearization’’ close to meaningful. Chairman Kim did not even mention his ambiguous comment to denuclearize when he returned home to North Korea. It was absent in all the North Korean press. Often you can tell how a leader feels from what they tell their people, not what they say pub-licly to the world. In this case, denuclearization was not even men-tioned. Still, President Trump tweeted this morning ‘‘there is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea.’’ What planet is the President on? Saying it doesn’t make it so. North Korea still has nu-clear weapons. It still has ICBMs. It still has the United States in danger. Somehow, President Trump thinks that when he says something, it be-comes reality—if it were only that easy, only that simple. That is what stood in the way of making this meet-ing more meaningful. It is not show. It is not verbiage. It is action. President Trump, in his ac-tions, did things that President Kim wanted. I don’t know what President Kim has done that we want, other than show up, which was a benefit for him. President Trump agreed to freeze joint military exercises with South Korea, and he called them ‘‘provo-cations’’—right out of the North Ko-rean propaganda playbook—without the knowledge of South Korea or our own military. I guarantee that our military men and women were squirm-ing when President Trump called our joint military exercises ‘‘provo-cations.’’ These exercises and others that the military conduct around the world are designed to ensure that our service-members are fully trained and ready for action. They are not a provocation, President Trump. Adopting the North Korean view on American military exercises, which President Trump did, is nothing short of a public relations coup for Chairman Kim. It seems that President Trump didn’t even think it through or consult with anybody. You cannot do this stuff on the fly. Saying that the danger from North Korea is over doesn’t make it so. Saying that these are provocations makes things worse. You cannot do it on the fly. You need serious thought because it has consequences. If Chair-man Kim walked away from these ne-gotiations thinking that it is easy to deal with President Trump, Kim might think: I get what I want, and I don’t have to give him anything. That doesn’t bode well for the future. In the final tabulation, after all the pomp and circumstance has faded, it seems clear that Chairman Kim walked away the victor, unfortunately. What President Trump achieved on behalf of the United States is unclear and dif-ficult to certify. What Chairman Kim achieved for North Korea is tangible and lasting. No doubt, our Republican friends would be up in arms if a Democratic President walked away from a summit with so little to show for it. But, of course, while we haven’t heard full- throated praise from our Republican side—their reactions have been kind of lukewarm—it is not close to the criti-cism they launched at President Obama in similar situations. In the weeks and months ahead, President Trump and his team need to focus on securing real and enduring concessions from the North Koreans on plutonium and uranium enrichment, on the destruction of nuclear infrastruc-ture, on an ‘‘anywhere, anytime’’ in-spections regime, and the unambiguous end of missile testing. These are the things that make a strong nuclear agreement. Unfortu-nately, the Singapore summit produced none of them and talked about none of them. We hope that in the future that changes for the safety of America, but, again, the emphasis on showmanship as opposed to substance will not serve America or the prospects for peace well in the long run. On one final point, congressional oversight and involvement is critical to this process. Secretary Pompeo needs to make clear what the process moving forward includes and what, if any, additional agreements were made in Singapore. Congress needs to learn the terms for any sanctions relief, whether U.S. troop presence in Korea was discussed and whether any agree-ment will include a halt to North Ko-rea’s key missile programs. f 
HEALTHCARE Mr. SCHUMER. Now, Mr. President, on healthcare. Even as North Korea dominates the headlines, Democrats are going to continue to focus on the No. 1 issue on the minds of most Amer-icans: healthcare. Insurers in State after State are an-nouncing double-digit premium in-creases and blaming Republican healthcare policies for the increase. Now, amazingly, the Trump adminis-tration is refusing to defend the con-stitutionality of protections for Ameri-cans with preexisting conditions, turn-ing its back on the most popular and most humane advancement in our healthcare system. Imagine the return of the days when a mother with a child who has cancer can no longer find affordable care for her daughter and the days when hard- working Americans who fall on hard times are made to suffer and denied healthcare coverage, precisely because they need it so desperately. How wrong, how backward, and how im-moral that system was, and that is where President Trump wants to take us again. So we Democrats are going to spend the next few months, including the Au-gust work period, focusing on the crit-ical issue of the Nation’s healthcare system. We will be trying to get pre-miums down, costs down, and better healthcare, not the deterioration we have seen under President Trump and the Republican congressional leader-ship. We are going to focus on all that our Republican friends have done to drive up the costs of healthcare on average Americans and what we should be doing to reverse that awful trend. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE IG REPORT Mr. SCHUMER. Finally, there is the IG report. Tomorrow, the inspector general of the Justice Department will release a report about the Depart-ment’s handling of an investigation of Secretary Clinton in 2016. We look for-ward to the report and learning what it has to say. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.003 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3866 June 13, 2018 
Now, we hope our Republican col-leagues don’t take the cynical track of trying to spin the report’s contents to somehow sully the completely separate and ongoing investigation into Putin’s meddling in the 2016 election. The DOJ IG report is likely to focus on the con-duct of the Justice Department and the FBI in handling the Clinton email in-vestigation in the runup to the 2016 election. Mueller was not appointed at that point. He wasn’t a gleam in any-one’s eye. So what he is doing is to-tally independent of what happened here. Furthermore, when the President says ‘‘witch hunt’’ and somehow blames Democrats for this, well, what-ever Comey did hurt Hillary Clinton, and he didn’t do the same thing to President Trump, which would have hurt him. He released the details of Hillary’s investigation—many of us thought he did that wrongly—but didn’t release any details of the inves-tigation into possible collusion of the Trump campaign with the Russians. So this idea that somehow what Comey did and what Mueller is doing was designed to hurt President Trump and Republicans at Democrats’ behest is like ‘‘Alice in Wonderland’’—it is the opposite of the facts. The investigation into Putin’s meddling in our elections and any potential associations between Russian intelligence and the Trump campaign is an entirely separate inves-tigation from what happened with Hil-lary Clinton. It would be erroneous to try to use the information in the IG report to dis-credit the special counsel, but we hear rumblings that some of these very par-tisan Republicans, led by Chairman N
UNES , may try to go down that road. We hope they won’t be so cynical or so willing to twist the facts inside out and turn truth on its head, all for political gain. It is crucial—critical—that Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation get to the bottom of what happened and who was involved in Russia’s efforts to in-fluence the outcome of the 2016 elec-tion. Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 5515, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Inhofe/McCain modified amendment No. 2282, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell (for Toomey) amendment No. 2700 (to amendment No. 2282), to require con-gressional review of certain regulations issued by the Committee on Foreign Invest-ment in the United States. Reed/Warren amendment No. 2756 (to amendment No. 2700), to require the author-ization of appropriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons. Lee amendment No. 2366 (to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2282), to clarify that an authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority does not authorize the de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States. Reed amendment No. 2842 (to amendment No. 2366), to require the authorization of ap-propriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
SUICIDE EPIDEMIC  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to address a public health issue that has left in its wake a trail of tragedy and shattered life. The suicide epidemic has touched all sectors of our society, but the problem is particularly acute among LGBT who have experienced bullying and discrimination at every turn. In the most devastating cases, these teenagers even face estrange-ment from their own families. That is why today, in honor of Pride Month, I wish to devote a significant portion of my remarks to them—my young friends in the LGBT community. The prevalence of suicide, especially among LGBT teens, is a serious prob-lem that requires national attention. No one should ever feel less because of their gender identity or sexual orienta-tion. LGBT youth deserve our unwav-ering love and support. They deserve our validation and the assurance that not only is there a place for them in this society but that it is far better off because of them. These young people need us, and we desperately need them. We need their light to illuminate the richness and di-versity of God’s creations. We need the grace, beauty, and brilliance they bring to the world. That is why, as we com-memorate Pride Month, my message today is one of love for my LGBT brothers and sisters. It is also a call for action to Americans of all political stripes. Regardless of where you stand on the cultural issues of the day—whether you are a religious conservative, a secular liberal, or somewhere in between—we all have a special duty to each other. That duty is to treat one another with dignity and respect. It is not simply to tolerate but to love. The first tenet of my faith is to love one another. The same Man who taught this principle also lived it by His exam-ple. In an era characterized by rigid so-cial divisions, He broke down barriers propped up by centuries of tradition and cultural belief. In His teachings, He made no distinction between man or woman, Jew or Gentile, sinner or saint but invited all to come to Him—all. He saw beyond the arbitrary differences of group identity to the inherent worth of the individual. He taught that we were all equal because we are all children of the same God and partakers of the same human condition. This Man loved radically, and He challenged all of us to do the same. If there were ever a time to show our LGBT friends just how much we love them, it is now. In a world where mil-lions suffer in silence, we owe it to each other to love loudly. That is why I am a strong supporter of Utah’s Love Loud Festival, among many other ef-forts to combat suicide and improve mental health in the LGBT commu-nity, which is afflicted by these prob-lems. These young men and women de-serve to feel loved, cared for, and ac-cepted for who they are. I don’t think they chose to be who they are. They are born to be who they are, and we ought to understand that. They deserve to know they belong and that our soci-ety is stronger because of them. Ensuring that our LGBT friends feel loved and accepted is not a political issue; we all have a stake in this. We all have family or loved ones who have felt marginalized in one way or another because of gender identity or sexual orientation, and we need to be there for them. On a much broader scale, we need to be there for anyone struggling with feelings of isolation, especially those experiencing suicidal thoughts. By no means is suicide a problem exclusive to the LGBT community. In one way or another, this public health crisis has affected all Americans, regardless of color, class, or creed. Over the last two decades, the suicide epidemic has taken tens of thousands of lives, with suicide rates rising by as much as 30 percent across the country. The severity of this public health crisis was thrown into sharp relief last week with the tragic deaths of Kate Spade and Anthony Bourdain. In my home State of Utah, the statis-tics are particularly alarming. Every 14 hours, a Utahn dies by suicide, result-ing in an average of 630 deaths each year. The problem is so acute that Utah now has the fifth highest suicide rate in the Nation. In addressing this topic today, my heart is both heavy and hopeful—heavy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.004 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3867 June 13, 2018 
because suicide has already taken so many lives; hopeful because I believe we are on the cusp of a major legisla-tive breakthrough that could turn the tide in the campaign against this epi-demic. As some of you may recall, I joined Senator J
OEDONNELLY last year in in-troducing the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act—a bipartisan pro-posal that makes it easier for Ameri-cans of all ages to get the help and treatment they need when they are ex-periencing suicidal thoughts. Our bill requires the FCC to rec-ommend an easy-to-remember, three- digit number for the national suicide prevention hotline. I believe that by making the National Suicide Preven-tion Lifeline system more user-friendly and accessible, we can save thousands of lives by helping people find the help they need when they need it most. The Senate passed our bill with over-whelming bipartisan support in Novem-ber. Now it is time for the House to do its part. While I am pleased to learn that our legislation is slowly making its way through the House committee process, I call today for more urgent action. Every minute we wait, we leave hundreds of Americans helpless who are struggling with suicidal thoughts. There are literally lives on the line here, and leaving them on hold is not an option. That is why I call on my col-leagues in the House to pass, without further delay, our suicide hotline bill. By doing so, we can prevent countless tragedies and can help thousands of men and women get the help they so desperately need. Before I conclude, I wish to express my heartfelt belief that we can win the battle against suicide, but I would also remind my colleagues that no amount of legislation can fix this problem. No public policy is a panacea for an issue as deep and intractable as the suicide epidemic. Beyond legislation, however, there are steps we can take to create a soci-ety that is kinder, more civil and un-derstanding—a society, in other words, where suicide is less of a problem. It doesn’t take a social scientist to tell you that the coarsening of our culture has negatively affected our commu-nities. As the political discourse breaks down, so, too, do the social ties that bind us together. The gradual dissolu-tion of civil society has led to unprece-dented levels of loneliness, depression, and despair. In this sense, suicide is merely a symptom of a much larger problem. Yet, even though there is hopeless-ness, there is still reason to hope. I firmly believe that by restoring civil-ity to its proper place in our society, we can fight the despair that has seized hold of so many. Civility starts with the words we use. Whether in person or online, we can be softer in our lan-guage, kinder in our actions, and stronger in our love. We can combat coarseness with compassion and choose empathy instead of anger. On an individual level, reclaiming ci-vility entails a fundamental shift in how we view our political opponents. No longer should we see each other as adversaries in a zero-sum game but as allies in preserving the American ex-periment for future generations. Restoring civility and respect to the public square cannot be achieved through legislation; ultimately, this is a change that must take place in the heart of every American. Here in the Senate, we can lead by example, which is why I urge all of my colleagues to join me today in recommitting to civil-ity and working to bring people to-gether to help solve these very serious problems that are keeping us apart and hurting our society. There are people out there who really suffer, who don’t choose to be the way they are, and we have to be intelligent enough and com-passionate enough to help them. So I hope that we will, and I hope that our wonderful country will take these things to heart. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I want to talk about a couple of issues that are wrapped up in the NDAA. First of all, there is a National Guard issue. As we all know, the men and women who serve our Nation in the Armed Forces are among the absolute best of us, and I thank the Presiding Officer for his service. When the Presiding Of-ficer and his fellow citizens volun-teered to serve, they did so by commit-ting themselves to defending our fami-lies, our Nation, and our way of life. Through their service and sacrifice, they earn our respect and our honor. As a grateful nation, we strive to dem-onstrate that respect to them. Cer-tainly, we should demonstrate our ap-preciation for our military on Memo-rial Day and Veterans Day, but, every day, we understand that we can never truly repay the sacrifice that many Americans have made—the ultimate sacrifice. One of the customary and powerful demonstrations is when we pay our re-spects through a display of military honors during a servicemember’s fu-neral. These honors include an honor detail that presents an American flag to the deceased’s family and includes a bugler, who ceremoniously plays ‘‘Taps’’ and puts a lump in everyone’s throat and tears in our eyes. Unfortu-nately, an Army audit found that in 2014, 88 deserving veterans’ funerals did not receive those military honors as they should have. One service without its deserved honors is one too many. Even more disappointing, based upon a recommendation from that audit, we learned that the National Guard Bu-reau has a plan now to eliminate in eight States the coordinator position for the military funeral honors. The National Guard Bureau is claiming a marginal cost savings as the excuse to eliminate these coordinator positions; however, a cost savings is an unaccept-able justification, especially if losing these positions leads to more service-members not receiving military honors as our final demonstration of respect for their service. The coordinator position is a vital link between the military and the vet-eran’s surviving family. The coordina-tor’s primary responsibility is to deter-mine the eligibility and appropriate honors for deceased veterans. The coor-dinator also trains servicemembers who perform military honors, coordi-nates with units and veterans service organizations within the State, and provides immediate attention to fami-lies who are in need of assistance. Common sense would tell one that if military honors are not being rendered when they should be, as this audit found, the NGB—the National Guard Bureau—should do everything possible to make certain to reverse that ter-rible outcome. Instead, it is seeking to eliminate the positions that are re-sponsible for handling the care and co-ordination of military honors. Even if the National Guard Bureau reverses course, the Military Honors Program deserves protection and pres-ervation for all of those who served. Therefore, I draw attention to an amendment I have offered in this year’s NDAA. Amendment No. 2575 would protect the Military Funeral Honors Program in the Army National Guard. This is a bipartisan amendment that has been cosponsored by Senators M
ANCHIN , CRAPO , and C APITO . If passed, my amendment would ensure that each State would maintain at least one military funeral honors coordinator, which we hope would reduce the chances of these honors being skipped in the future. I urge my colleagues and the com-mittee to support amendment No. 2575 for inclusion in the managers’ package and allow this amendment to move swiftly in the Senate to help fulfill our promises to our veterans and make cer-tain they receive the appropriate hon-ors they will have earned at the time of their passings. Another of my amendments, amend-ment No. 2269—a topic about which I spoke last week—improves upon the Army’s force structure stationing proc-ess. It has been sponsored by Senator R
OBERTS as well as by Senator G ILLI-
BRAND and the minority leader, the Democratic leader, Senator S
CHUMER  from New York. Again, I express my appreciation to the Senate Armed Services Committee for its diligence in authorizing appro-priations for our Armed Forces in a thoughtful and deliberative manner. This amendment attempts to take the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.006 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3868 June 13, 2018 
same approach that the Armed Serv-ices Committee is taking today—delib-erate. We want the Army to perform in a diligent way its internal process on force structure, to thoughtfully delib-erate how and where it makes smart investments. That includes the sta-tioning decisions about soldiers and families, which will have an impact on cost for decades to come. Simply put, the intent of amendment No. 2269 is to increase the rigor, transparency, and congressional oversight of the Army’s stationing process regarding changes or growth in force structure. Both the Department of Defense and the Army are experiencing a much needed period of growth. Our Armed Forces are modernizing and increasing their readiness to be in a position to deter, confront, and defeat potential adversaries in environments that are more complex and more volatile than we have experienced in recent history. After months of speaking on this topic to Army leaders, such as Sec-retary Esper, General Milley, and Gen-eral Abrams, I am convinced that the Army’s most senior leaders agree that its current process needs improvement to become more accurate and com-prehensive. As the Army grows and modernizes, more stationing decisions will be made in the future, and the Army ought not miss the opportunity to conduct due diligence in all of their decisions and invest wisely to pay down the costs in the future. With the Army’s focus on reform, transparency, and using every dollar wisely, I believe this amendment No. 2269 helps the Army maximize the value of every dollar, operate trans-parently with Congress, and wisely use resources entrusted to them by the taxpayer. Once again, my amendment seeks to codify the transparency they are seeking and updates to the Army’s stationing process that will ensure the Army is making better, more cost-ef-fective, long-term decisions. The instructions to the Army in this amendment have already been pre-scribed by the GAO, and the Army’s own regulations are based on Army tes-timony and correspondence where it is made clear that the Army wants to im-prove their process. For example, with regard to how contiguous and non-contiguous Army training areas are measured, General Milley testified be-fore the Senate Appropriations Defense Subcommittee, of which I am a Mem-ber, and said: ‘‘It is my belief that they are rated differently . . . because it seems to pass a common sense test,’’ given the geographically distant na-ture of the training areas off post. The fact that the Army’s analysis currently considers these training areas as one in the same eluded many of the Army’s senior leaders when we first began this process. In addition, this amendment codifies Secretary Esper’s February 23, 2018, commitment to improving the quality of life for soldiers and their families by considering ‘‘community schools around the installations and the pro-fessional licensure reciprocity’’ in fu-ture stationing decisions. The Army has not incorporated infor-mation regarding tax credits, license reciprocity, education, and employ-ment in their basing, so this amend-ment follows through on the Sec-retary’s intent and guidance to address these factors that are critically impor-tant to soldiers and their families. The addition of this amendment in the cri-teria would encourage States to fur-ther support military men, women, and their families. It is a recruitment and retention fac-tor. We say the Army recruits individ-uals but retains families. The quality of life families experience when they move from installation to installation is paramount to each soldier’s personal decision to continue serving. Our in-tent with this amendment is to support the Army in making decisions based on fair, open, and comprehensive data, particularly long-term cost factors that will help the Army save in future years. Those savings can be put toward training, supporting soldiers and their families, sustaining our weapons, and increasing the Army’s readiness and lethality. I ask for support on amendment No. 2269. I am convinced these changes will make certain the Army’s stationing process is transparent and will help the Army maximize the value of every dol-lar, while operating more trans-parently, communicating with Con-gress, and more wisely using resources entrusted by the American taxpayer. This will pay off in the long term for the Army, their families, and for the taxpayers. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Connecticut. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I come to the floor to mark a very unfortunate date. We are recognizing the 2-year an-niversary of the shooting at Pulse nightclub on June 12, and on Sunday, June 17, we are going to mark the 3- year anniversary of the shooting at a church in Charleston. The killer in Charleston murdered nine people at-tending a Bible study. The killer in Or-lando murdered 49 people who were at a nightclub. I just came from my office meeting with one of the survivors of the Pulse nightclub shooting. About 93 people are killed every day from guns. That is a mixture of sui-cides, homicides, and accidental shoot-ings. That means that in the 731 days since the Pulse nightclub shooting, we have had somewhere around 70,000 peo-ple killed by guns in this country. That is a statistic that has no comparison anywhere else in the world. In the United States, we have about 20 times the number of people on a per capita basis who are being killed by a gun than the average OECD competitor na-tion. Something is going on here that is different than what is happening anywhere else. As my colleagues know, I try to come to the floor every few weeks to talk about who these victims are to give a sense about the lives that are cut short, all the promise that is erased from this Earth 93 times every single day because of what is happening in-side the epidemic of gun violence and to try to relate to people how furious this mounting cavalcade of those left behind is by our inaction. Remember, we have done virtually nothing mean-ingful since the tragedy in my State at Sandy Hook, and thus the slaughter continues. Melvin Graham’s sister, Cynthia Gra-ham Hurd, was murdered in Charleston in that shooting. Earlier this year, he talked about how angry he is that Con-gress has done nothing meaningful to try to affect the reality of gun violence in this Nation. He said: You would think that this would be the time. Each time something happens, you think, this is the time we’re going to get some action, some movement, some unity in Washington to do something. . . . And each time they have let me down, they have failed me. They’ve shown me . . . that they simply do not care. 
On the evening of June 17, 2015, Dylan Roof walked into the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church and killed nine people. He had a criminal record and shouldn’t have had a gun, but be-cause of a loophole in the background checks law that allows for a gun seller to transfer weapons to someone if the background check takes a long time, Roof was able to get a weapon, imme-diately go to this church, and kill nine people. The reality is, FBI data indi-cates that over the last 5 years, 15,000 people have been sold weapons who shouldn’t have gotten weapons under this loophole. That means 15,000 people are walking around the United States today with firearms who have criminal records because their background check took 3 or 4 or 5 days. The reason background checks take a long time— most of them take about 10 minutes— is some people have complicated crimi-nal histories, like Dylan Roof did. So it simply belies commonsense to say you are going to give a gun to somebody simply because they have a com-plicated criminal background and it takes a few days to sort out. This is an example of a crime that may not have been committed had our laws been dif-ferent. Until October of 2017, the Pulse nightclub shooting, which happened on June 12, 2 years ago, was the deadliest in U.S. history. These massacres that reach that tragic landmark of being the worst in U.S. history don’t last for long, given the increasing pace of gun homicides in this country. This was an individual who was known to law en-forcement, who had been in the system because of activity on line with respect to his connection with terrorist groups. Had we had a comprehensive no-fly ban in this country that gives the Attorney General the power to put people who are having conversations with terrorist 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.007 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3869 June 13, 2018 
groups on the list of those who can’t buy guns, it is also very possible that Omar Mateen, the shooter in this case, would never have been able to buy a gun, killing 49 people and injuring 53 others. This is another example of our laws being inadequate to meet the mo-ment. Unfortunately, this country tends to only pay attention to the issue of gun violence when these mass shootings happen. They are truly soul-crushing, community-changing events. Newtown, CT, is never ever going to recover from what happened there. Every single day, whether or not we see something scrolled across the bot-tom of our cable news screen about a shooting, there are still upward of al-most 100 people dying every single day—people such as Malachi Fryer, who was 6 years old when he walked into a room where a handgun was left unattended on a table. He took the gun back into his bedroom to play with it, and he accidentally shot himself. He was 6 years old, and he had just fin-ished first grade in Elizabethtown, KY. His school principal said: 
Malachi was special in many ways. He had a smile that warmed your heart, a con-tagious laugh and a positive attitude. He was a little comedian and the classroom was his stage. He loved people and he didn’t meet a stranger. Basketball was his pleasure and joy. Our hearts are heavy because a piece of our New Highland family is gone. 
Age 6, Malachi is one of the victims of the many accidental shootings that happen in this country. In my State, Antonio Robinson was recently ready to graduate from Stam-ford Academy. He was a former cocap-tain of the Stamford High School foot-ball team. He was standing in an over-pass, and he was shot to death. His sis-ter said: He never bothered anybody, so he never thought he had to dodge or hide from bullets. He was on his cell phone standing at an overpass. He wasn’t even aware he was about to be shot. His former coach and sixth grade teacher said: 
He wasn’t the biggest kid out there [on the basketball court], but he played with a lot of heart and soul. He gave it everything he got. 
Another one of his football coaches said that he was ‘‘very respectful.’’ He was just an ‘‘awesome, awesome kid,’’ just 18 years old. Antonio Robinson is gone. Ryan Dela Cruz was 17 years old, from Seattle, WA. He was a senior at Franklin High School. He dreamed of a career in the Marine Corps. He and his friends went to a local park one recent Friday night. They encountered an-other group, words were exchanged, and shots were fired. Ryan Dela Cruz isn’t living any longer. He was described by his high school principal as ‘‘a sweet, thoughtful, in-quisitive, and compassionate young man. . . . He was determined to com-mit his life to the service of others.’’ His father didn’t want him to go into the Marines. His father was worried about the safety of his son, but, in-creasingly, you couldn’t change Ryan’s mind. He was committed to serve this country. What Ryan said to his father sticks with his dad. When he raised the issue of Ryan’s safety, Ryan said to his father: Papa, wherever you are, it’s God’s will. If you die, you die. 
Ryan Dela Cruz died at age 17. Bob Stone was 64 years old when he died. From South Beloit, IL, he was a community pillar, longtime member of the city council, commissioner of the police and fire department. He and his wife Rebecca were known throughout the community because they had put together a festival every year in town. They were the organizers. It started with Rebecca’s parents back in 2006, and they kept it up, something to bring the community together. This story is particularly hard to hear because it is a murder-suicide in-volving his son Vito. The two of them were in a tent in the backyard. They were spending the night with Vito’s two young children. Something hap-pened inside that tent. Vito shot his fa-ther and then shot himself. Luckily, the children were unharmed, but for the rest of their lives, they are going to have to deal with the unspeakable, in-describable trauma of that murder-sui-cide that took the lives of their father and grandfather right in front of their eyes. The young woman I met with today has gone through one of these traumas herself, having survived the Pulse shooting from 2 years ago, and speaks about that same kind of trauma. Her life has been fundamentally changed from that day. Relations with her family members have been rup-tured. She lost her cousin inside the nightclub that evening. It is a re-minder. Researchers tell us every time 1 person is shot, there are likely 20 other people who experience some kind of trauma from that 1 shooting. Take the average of 93 people every single day and multiply that times 20, and that will give us a sense of just over a 24-hour period the catastrophe that happens in families and communities across the country because of gun vio-lence. Well, today I will not go into the de-tails about all the things we can do to solve this, but I will share a statistic I came upon the other day. My head is full of statistics, trying to explain what is happening when I come to the floor to tell the stories of these vic-tims. Here is an interesting one. I heard some of my friends say to me: Well, America is just a more violent place. Sure, we have more guns than other places have, but there are a lot of things happening in the United States, different cultures living side by side, people with different backgrounds, which may lead to more episodes of vi-olence. Here is a really interesting statistic. Let’s go back to the OECD countries, which are what you consider to be the most advanced 20 or so countries in the world. If you look at rates of gun vio-lence, the chart tells only one story. The United States has a rate of gun vi-olence of about 10 people per 100,000 in terms of gun deaths, and there is no comparison. The next highest country is Finland, which has a rate of about 3 per 100,000. The average country is down around 1 per 100,000. We are talk-ing about a rate that is 10 times higher in this country than other countries. Let’s go to another measure of vio-lence because some people will say we are just a more violent country. That actually is not true. We are actually, by other measures, a less violent coun-try than all the rest of these. Let’s take another measure of vio-lence. Let’s take a look at assaults. There is a statistic that measures re-ported assaults in these same coun-tries. When you look at reported as-saults, the United States is actually al-most last. We aren’t the country with the most assaults; we are close to the country with the lowest number of as-saults. Belgium has more; Israel has more; Portugal has more, as does Swe-den, France, Netherlands, Italy, Swit-zerland, Spain, Denmark, Germany, Austria, Norway, Ireland, Finland, New Zealand, Australia, South Korea, and the United Kingdom. Only Japan and Canada report fewer assaults per per-son per capita than the United States. So it is not that we are a more vio-lent nation. It is that we are, in par-ticular, a nation plagued by one type of violence—gun violence, which tends, of course, to be the most lethal kind, the kind that comes with the greatest de-gree of cascading trauma. I know we have important business to do today with respect to the Defense authorization bill. I and my State have important equities in that bill that I hope to advance, but I still think it is worthwhile every now and again to come to the floor and remind my col-leagues that even if they don’t read about an episode of mass violence today, there will still be nearly 100 peo-ple who lose their lives. It is an epi-demic that happens only here in the United States and is not explained by the United States being a more violent nation in general. It is simply ex-plained by a nation that has more guns per capita and a Congress that is un-willing to make sure that only the right people get their hands on those weapons. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am honored to follow my colleague from Connecticut on a topic that has bedeviled and baffled us together al-most since the time we became Sen-ators. It is a topic that is heartrending and gut-wrenching for both of us. I thank him for his leadership and partnership in this effort. Mr. President, we are here on the 2- year anniversary of the tragic Orlando 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.009 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3870 June 13, 2018 
nightclub attack. On June 12, 2016, a man armed with an assault rifle and a pistol, with hatred in his heart, stormed the Pulse nightclub and mur-dered 49 people. This man turned a safe haven, a place of joy and celebration, into an unimaginable nightmare. On that day, and on so many other days—in fact, virtually every day—all of us who lived through the Sandy Hook massacre firsthand relived the terrible tragedy of that day in our State. Tonight, coincidentally, Sandy Hook Promise, a group that was formed in the wake of that tragedy and has done so much good work around the country to make our Nation safer, is having its annual dinner. I will be attending and speaking there with many who were in-volved in seeking to make sense of that tragedy and accomplish specific, tan-gible, commonsense measures since then. The Orlando nightclub attack re-mains the deadliest incident of vio-lence against LGBT people in our Na-tion’s history. We ought to take par-ticular time today to commemorate this national tragedy. We also should think about the epidemic of gun vio-lence, like Sandy Hook, and hate crimes generally across the country— which may not involve gun violence— that plague our Nation daily, the greatest Nation in the history of the world. This scourge of hate crimes and gun violence—often the two go to-gether—is a continuing plague. In an average year, more than 10,300 hate crimes that are committed in-volve a firearm. That is more than 28 every single day. Meanwhile, the FBI tells us that for the second year in a row, hate crime of-fenses are on the rise in this country, an increase of 6.3 percent from 2015 to 2016, and that increase itself follows a 7-percent increase from 2014 to 2015. These statistics are stunning. They are particularly sad, given the under-reporting of hate crimes. We know that many hate crimes are never reported because of embarrassment and fear of retaliation. The real incidence of bias- motivated crimes is likely much higher than even these intolerable numbers tell. We know that LGBT people are more likely to be targets of hate crimes than any other minority group. I am heart-broken to report that LGBT people are introduced to these instances of vio-lence at a very young age. There is no preparing children for it. The youth experience of this kind of bias, bigotry, and hatred is extraor-dinarily high, and it often is mani-fested in violence and physical harass-ment in school. Students report being severely beaten and robbed by their peers. One young man recounted being beaten, driven 5 miles out of town, stripped naked, and left to walk home alone. When we hear these stories, we should not be surprised that more than half of LGBT youth feel unsafe in their schools. We should not be surprised, but we should be outraged. We should be angry that this kind of bias, big-otry, and harassment continues to af-fect LGBT people. In this great Nation, it is intolerable. Schools should be places where young people learn, grow, and build friendships, free of fear of being assaulted by their peers and be-coming the next victim of this un-speakable crime. Apart from the bias, bigotry, and hate crimes that are the result of this kind of unacceptable precedent, gun vi-olence continues to plague our schools, as well as churches, theaters, and other public places. But the plague of gun vi-olence is not only in the mass shoot-ings, which attract the most attention. It is the one-by-one or smaller groups that account for the 96 deaths every day and 30,000 deaths every year. These numbers have become so famil-iar as to be banal. The banality of this evil is itself an insidious disease. It eats away at the moral core of our country. It continues to make us a lesser nation. Our failure to act makes this Cham-ber complicit in those deaths. This body cannot avoid its moral culpability for those deaths. The Senate of the United States and the entire Congress are, in effect, aiding and abetting this epidemic of gun violence, which is probably the most deadly public health crisis that plagues our Nation right now. Imagine if a communicable disease, say Ebola, took 90 lives every day. There would be marches in the streets and demonstrations. The country would react, but it has become so in-ured to this public health epidemic of gun violence that there is no reaction unless there is a massive incident like the Parkland High School shooting. Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School became a turning point for this country on gun violence. When young people demonstrate, march, hold vigils, and walk out of schools—in Ridgefield, I attended one of those walkouts, a profoundly moving and important event. I believe these events can pro-vide a turning point that will move this country into a new social change era, a new movement of social change comparable to the civil rights move-ment and the anti-war movement and marriage equality and women’s healthcare, a movement that can truly transform this Nation, raise its con-sciousness, but also elicit action. We need not only more words and rhetoric and speeches but also action on the commonsense measures that this body has failed to enact: back-ground checks applied to all gun pur-chases; tightening the information that goes into the database used in those background checks, even beyond the Fix NICS bill that was a minor change adopted earlier this year; a ban on assault weapons and high-capacity clips; a closing of the 72-hour loophole involved in the background check sys-tem for purchases of a gun; and, of course, the hate crimes or red flag stat-ute that enables police and family to go to a court to seek a warrant to make sure that someone who is dan-gerous to himself or others will not be permitted to buy or possess these weapons. These commonsense reforms have been before us for years, and since Sandy Hook, nothing has changed. This body has been inert and reprehensibly unresponsive. We know these measures work. We know from Connecticut’s ex-perience that they reduce crime and homicides. We know from our State’s adoption of these reforms that we can lessen the number of shootings, as well as deaths and injury. We know what doesn’t work: arming teachers in school, a proposal rejected by the law enforcement community, by the edu-cation community, and by ordinary citizens in communities around the country. Connecticut has shown by our experi-ence that these commonsense, sensible measures do work, but they cannot protect Connecticut citizens alone be-cause our borders are porous. Even a State like Connecticut, with the strongest gun laws in the country, is at the mercy of States with the weakest because guns are trafficked across State borders. So we need na-tional standards and national laws that will protect us in Connecticut and all around the country who are at risk. The new social change movement, powered and fueled by young people, can break the vicelike grip that the gun lobby has held over this Congress for so many years—indeed, for decades. I have worked on this issue literally for 2
1⁄2decades or more. When I was attor-ney general of the State of Con-necticut, I championed and we passed a measure to ban assault weapons, among other reforms. It was challenged in the court. All of the same arguments were raised then legally that are raised now. We defeated them. In fact, I tried the case and argued it in the Supreme Court. Those arguments are as invalid today as they were then—based on the Second Amendment or void for vague-ness or equal protection—and they will fail in the courts just as they did in our courts then. I have never felt nearer than we are now to meaningful reform because of those students, because of those young people, because of the out-pouring that is riveting America and moving us forward, but it has to be translated and galvanized into votes in this coming election and in elections to come so that the will of the people is heard here and the vicelike grip of the gun lobby is broken. Walking out of schools and walking into polling places is what is required, and these young people are showing us the path to do it. Even while we work in that arena, organizations like Sandy Hook Promise are showing us how to educate in a totally bipartisan way and raise awareness in our schools and bring people together so that we solve our conflicts peacefully and with words, not conflict. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:18 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.012 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3871 June 13, 2018 
Scarlett Lewis, whose son Jesse was killed at Sandy Hook, has worked hard on social and emotional learning—an-other way to bring us together at the earliest of ages. Social and emotional learning has been her mission since Jesse’s death, and she has formed a foundation to choose love, to enhance the ethos of teaching young people that they can solve their disagree-ments and conflicts with words and caring that they can be taught in school. First, of course, teachers need to be taught and trained how to do that teaching, and that is why I sought an amendment to the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act with her inspiration to build that movement. There will always be hateful people who want to lash out and destroy. On this anniversary of the Orlando night-club massacre, we cannot concede de-feat, and we cannot relent or relax our efforts. We need to commit to action, not just reflection or rhetoric. Every child who goes to school should do it without fear. Every person who goes to church should have no doubt about the safety of that sacred place or any other house of worship. Anyone who goes to a movie theater or to any other public place should do it without the appre-hension that a person with a gun might be in wait. For our LGBT community, we need a statute like the NO HATE Act that I have proposed—I introduced it last year—which would address the bigotry and bias that continues to plague them, not just in the hateful words but in the violence and harassment they suffer. Enforcement of the laws that exist now is absolutely essential. In fact, enhanced enforcement—devoting more resources to the police, FBI, and prosecutors who pursue these crimes— ought to be a challenge that we meet without question. On all of these fronts, we should be united. It should be bipartisan. There should be no political division to make America safer, to make sure that we fulfill the vision of our great country that we will live peacefully together and enjoy equally the opportunities that are entitled by all of us. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I rise this morning to speak in favor of the National Defense Authorization Act. We are currently negotiating with Members of the Republican and Demo-cratic Parties on how to consider amendments. We will eventually get there, as we do every year, because the NDAA bill has passed Congress—the Senate and the House—and has been signed by the President for 57 years in a row on a wonderfully bipartisan basis. I expect, when it is all said and done, that will happen again this year. As a matter of fact, I was just speak-ing to a group of Hawaiians who were gathered together under the leadership of Senator M
AZIE HIRONO . Senator H
IRONO is the ranking member of the subcommittee that I chair, the Seapower Subcommittee. We were able to make the point and have been able to make the point at several forums about what a bipartisan issue this is, to protect our country through a strong Navy and through the provisions that we will enact under the Seapower title. Of course, this bipartisan exercise is a very important fulfillment of our con-stitutional responsibility. It is right there in the preamble—to ‘‘provide for the common defence.’’ And that is what our subcommittee has done. The bill this year authorizes $716 bil-lion for national defense. This is an in-crease from last year, and we finally got rid of the notion that we can some-how be a safe and secure nation and have this defense sequestration that had come upon us due to our inability to deal with the budget. Last year we authorized and appropriated $700 bil-lion for national defense, and this bill would up that a little to $716 billion. My position is that we need every penny of that. The top line matches the figures we have set in the 2-year budget. That was passed by the House and Senate on a bipartisan basis and signed into law by the President of the United States, President Trump. Secretary Mattis says this defense spending is essential at these levels to keep America safe and to support our men and women in uniform. Secretary Mattis authored the new national de-fense strategy, and it prioritizes pre-paring the Armed Forces for long-term strategic competition with China and Russia. We would like to be on a friend-lier basis with China and Russia, but sadly, at this point, we are not. We are in a long-term strategic competition. I believe Secretary Mattis, when he says we need to do this, and the NDAA, which is the subject matter before us on the floor right now, recognize that. Strategy is driving the budget this year, not the other way around. As I noted, I am chairman of the Seapower Subcommittee. Senator H
IRONO is my ranking Democratic member. We both recognize that up-holding our maritime interests is be-coming more and more critical. We are a maritime nation, and Americans need to understand this. The Seapower title recognizes this. It positions the Navy and Marine Corps to retain superiority over rapidly modernizing Chinese and Russian maritime forces. I am happy to say that it accelerates the naval buildup toward the statutory 355-ship Navy, which was signed into law as a result of the NDAA last year. The SHIPS Act, which Senator H
IRONO  and I both persuaded every member of our subcommittee to cosponsor—every Republican and every Democrat on the Seapower Subcommittee sponsored this. We were able to add the SHIPS Act to the NDAA last year and have it signed by the President of the United States. The bill this year builds on what we hoped would be the result of the SHIPS Act. It authorizes $23 billion for build-ing 11 new ships that we didn’t intend to build otherwise—an increase of $1.2 billion above the DOD budget request. The statutory language signed by the President is actually getting us there. It adds over $1 billion in advanced pro-curement funding for attack sub-marines, destroyers, and amphibious ships that will stabilize the industrial base, encourage new suppliers to enter the marketplace, and save taxpayers money in the long run through this mechanism of advanced procurement funding for our attack submarines. It authorizes multiyear contracting—an-other cost-saver—for our Super Hornet fighters, Hawkeye early warning planes, and two types of standard mis-siles fired from our Navy ships. I am pleased with the progress we have made, and I am pleased that our work on the SHIPS Act last year is al-ready paying dividends in terms of get-ting us much more quickly to the 355- ship fleet. The NDAA also includes 12 provisions that were contained in a bill that Sen-ator MCCAINand I authored in response to the tragedies of the USS John McCain and the USS Fitzgerald colli-sions. Frankly, there were other mis-haps in the Pacific also. In the McCain and the Fitzgerald, 17 soldiers tragically died because of accidents involving our ships. Based on studies that we commis-sioned in this Congress, we came back—Senator M
CCAINand I—and in-troduced provisions. I will mention five of them today. They are included in the base NDAA bill. First, we direct a comprehensive re-view of the Navy’s cumbersome and confusing chains of command. This confusing chain of command in the Pa-cific has been a problem. We limit the duration of ships homeported overseas to no more than 10 years. After 10 years of being homeported overseas, forward-deployed ships must now rotate back to the United States more frequently to avoid being overtaxed from constant oper-ations. That is in this bill. We give forward-deployed ships more sailors. We have had a shortage there, regrettably, inflicted somewhat be-cause of defense sequestration. We require the Navy to develop a more realistic standard workweek as-sessment. I know the Presiding Officer understands this from the testimony we have received. The old system led to sailors routinely working 100-hour workweeks. Is it any wonder that our sailors were fatigued and burned out, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.013 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3872 June 13, 2018 
with 100-plus-hour workweeks? This NDAA bill, which we must pass and get to the President, would end that. It would also allow the Secretary of the Navy more flexibility in the personnel process to keep talented officers in the Navy and to keep talented officers in the Marine Corps. One other thing I will mention is that we have the title of CFIUS reform. CFIUS simply stands for Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States—CFIUS. This provision is de-signed to protect our interests with re-gard to the designs of China, and it came to us, actually, out of the bank-ing bill. We need to stop China from gaining access to military technology and gaining access to strategically im-portant industries in the United States through buying our companies. China is buying American companies and then getting access to the intellectual property owned by those companies. This is what CFIUS reform does. NDAA includes the Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act, adopted unanimously by the Senate Banking Committee, and would give the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, more authority to prevent foreign acquisi-tions of our sensitive technologies. This is a good bill. It is a wildly pop-ular bill in the military. It provides in-creased resources for those men and women who strapped on the boats, who put on the uniform and stepped forward voluntarily—not a single person in the military has been forced to do this; they stepped forward voluntarily—to do the hard things so that we can live in peace and prosperity and comfort in the United States. This is a popular bill in the other body. We are taking their bill and mak-ing some adjustments, but we will get that ironed out in conference. We will, once again, fulfill our constitutional duty to provide for the common de-fense and show that when it comes to national defense and providing security for the people of this great Nation, this is, indeed, a bipartisan determination and a bipartisan exercise. So I urge us to get moving on this, and I certainly believe—I am con-vinced—that before the end of the week, we will have an affirmative vote and move this bill toward the Presi-dent’s desk. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. Seeing no other Members seeking recognition, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAMILY SEPARATION POLICY  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Mon-day, in my office in Chicago, I met a woman and her daughter. The story they had to tell me was heartbreaking. This woman was from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa. Something had occurred at her home while she was gone, where a child of hers left an iron on. Another child came in, grabbed the wire of that iron, was electrocuted, and died. It was a horrible accident that claimed the life of a child. That child who died was the nephew of a general in the Army of the Demo-cratic Republic of Congo. When he heard about his nephew dying in this accident, he said he would take care of the situation and that family would pay a price for the life of his nephew. This woman, a mother of three, went into a panic because her daughter was going to be killed by this general—such a panic that she fled the country. Her journey is almost indescribable: From Africa to South America, up through Central America, finally arriving on a bus at the border, the port of entry in Southern California. She came there and asked for asylum. She was in fear of not only her life but the life of her daughter. What happened next is what I want to speak to, because what happened next is something that I didn’t think would ever happen in America. What happened next was a decision by the Federal Government to take her 6- year-old daughter away from her in California. They said initially that her request for assistance was a valid enough request to go forward to a hear-ing. But even having said that, they snatched this girl from her mother’s arms and removed her screaming to an-other room. Then, they deported her daughter from Southern California to the city of Chicago—our government. Was this mother abusing this child? Of course not. Was there any evidence of trafficking involved here? Of course not. Was this woman a terrorist? Of course not. Why did they do it? When I heard about it, I called the head of the Department of Homeland Security, Secretary Nielsen, and said: Why would you remove that child from that mother’s arms and transport her 2,000 miles away? She said: Oh, I will look into that. That is not our policy. We don’t do that. Well, historically, our government didn’t do it, but it turned out that Sec-retary Nielsen was wrong. It is our pol-icy—a policy that has been announced by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. He says it is basically going to be a hard approach to those who try to come to this country and ask for asylum, ask for refuge. So in the first two weeks of the month of May, with this new policy of Jeff Sessions—Attorney General Ses-sions’ policy—658 children were re-moved from their families and taken to separate places. Can you imagine the trauma on that child, let alone the mother? The Amer-ican Academy of Pediatrics tells us that you don’t do that to children without leaving some scar, some prob-lem, but we are doing it as official gov-ernment policy—official government policy of this administration. Well, I met with the mother and the child. What happened to the mother after the child was removed is just a succession of horror stories. The moth-er was called in for a hearing while the child was sitting in Chicago. The moth-er has no attorney. She was not rep-resented. She speaks limited English. She went through a hearing where they denied her request for refuge and asy-lum. They then said she could appeal the ruling if she wished. She said: How long would that take? They said: 3 to 6 months. She said: I could not stand to be sep-arated from my daughter for 3 to 6 months. I waive all of my rights. I am finished. I am finished with this effort. Well, she was released—the mother was—on another appeal, I might add, by the ACLU. She was reunited with her daughter, and I happened to see them both in my office in Chicago. When I walked in the room, this woman, who had traveled this great distance to protect her little girl, clearly tensed up when she saw this White man in a suit and tie walk in, and then it was explained through her interpreter that I was not there to hurt her or separate her from her daughter. Her daughter was running around the office while we were talking but never lost sight of her mom the whole time. This is not an isolated instance. This is not just a little accident that hap-pened on the border near Southern California. This is now the policy of the United States of America, the pol-icy of the Trump administration, the policy of Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions—to remove children from their mothers. Of course, it is not cheap. Trans-porting a child 2,000 miles and putting them in some care facility—even a good one—is not cheap. When my col-league, Senator JEFFMERKLEY of Or-egon, recently went to Arizona to see the children who had been separated from their parents, he was denied ac-cess. They wouldn’t let him see it. He has gone back, and others will go back too. It is unthinkable that we are holding these children in some situation where we don’t want anyone to see them once they have been taken away. In the southwest part of the United States, reportedly some mothers have been told: Oh, we are going to give your child a bath, and then the child was snatched away. That is the official government pol-icy of Attorney General Sessions and the Trump administration. It is hard to imagine that we have reached this point in the history of this country that this is acceptable conduct by our government. It is hard to be-lieve that the rest of the world will look at this and say: Well, that is how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.015 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3873 June 13, 2018 
Americans treat people who come ask-ing for help. They take their kids away from them. Family separation is now the policy of this administration, not family unity. I am hoping—just hoping—that per-haps some of my Republican colleagues will think this is an outrage as well. Maybe they will step up and speak out. I hope they do. On a bipartisan basis, we should all be standing up for these children who are being separated from their parents. They say: Well, it is a new approach, a hard approach for dealing with those who come to our border. We have used hard approaches in the past in the United States. Let me explain two examples. There was a hard approach that was used in this Chamber, in the Senate, in the 1940s, during World War II. Senator Bob Wagner of New York came to the floor and said: I want to give permission for 10,000 Jewish children who are cur-rently in England—safe and away from Nazism and Hitler in Europe—to come to the United States. He called for a vote in this Chamber and he lost. It was defeated—the notion of allowing 10,000 Jewish children to come here for safety was defeated on the floor of this Senate. The same thing happened during that period of time when the ship the MS St. Louis came over from Germany with 900 Jewish people who had heard about the Holocaust, feared it, and wanted refuge in the United States, and they were turned away—turned away and forced to return to Europe, where sev-eral hundred died in the Holocaust. Those are specific examples of things that happened here, in this town, by this government, in one of the most embarrassing chapters in our Nation’s history. That was the time when we were also taking Japanese Americans— Japanese Americans—and interning them in camps despite no evidence of sabotage, treason, or wrongdoing. After that war, America reflected on those incidents I have just described and said: We are going to be a different nation from this point forward. After World War II, the United States said: We are going to set the example where we are a caring, compassionate nation that is there to help when people are in desperate circumstances. We did it over and over again. Look at the Cuban-American popu-lation in the United States. Look at three of my Senate colleagues who are Cuban Americans and tell me that ac-cepting refugees from Cuba was a bad idea for the United States. Of course it was not a bad idea. It was the right thing to do for those who wanted to es-cape the early days of the Castro re-gime. Take a look at those who came over after the Vietnam war, many of whom had risked their lives to fight on our side of that war, asked for refuge in the United States, and we gave it to them. Tell me that was a mistake. We know it wasn’t. Tell me our decision to open the United States of America to Jews liv-ing in the Soviet Union who faced op-pression was a mistake. I don’t think so. I think it was the right thing to do. The things I have just described—the Cubans, the Vietnamese, the Soviet Jews—define who we are. This Nation— this caring, wonderful, great Nation— defines itself by its policies. Now look at this policy of family sep-aration. Look at this policy of remov-ing children from the arms of a moth-er, with no suspicion of any wrong-doing whatsoever, and tell me that is consistent with who we are in America. That is what we face with this family separation policy. I am joining with Senator F
EINSTEIN  and several other of my colleagues to prohibit this new policy. We don’t have a single Republican cosponsor yet. I hope we do. I hope there is one Repub-lican Senator who will step up and say: This is wrong. We can enforce our laws, but let’s not do it by tearing children out of the arms of their parents and mothers, be-cause that is sad, and that is what is happening now. The family separation policy of this administration, sadly, is not only not right, it is not American. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. President, I have had roundtable discussions across the State of Illinois. I have gone from Chicago to downstate, to small towns, to suburban towns, to, of course, the big city of Chicago. What I have found is this: No matter where you go, no matter how rich the suburb, no matter how small the town, you will find the opioid crisis facing America. This drug epidemic may be the worst in our history. Every day, we are losing 115 American lives to opioid overdose. In the past 3 years, there has been a 53- percent increase in drug overdose deaths in my State. More than 2,400 of my neighbors and the people I rep-resented in Illinois have died because of this crisis. When we look back at the history, it is hard to understand how we reached this point. We know—when we go far enough back—that the pharmaceutical companies that produced these opioid pills misrepresented, lied to doctors, nurses, dentists, and the American peo-ple about the addictive nature of opioids. We know that happened. We also know that it became a big cash cow industry for pharmaceutical com-panies when more and more Americans became addicted to opioid pills. Think of this: Two years ago, pharma produced 14 billion opioid tablets in the United States—enough for every adult in America to have a 3-week prescrip-tion of opioid pills. That was the re-ality. They were churning out these pills as fast as they could make them because they knew there was money to be made. What we learned is that when the pills got too expensive on the black market, those who were addicted moved to heroin—another form of nar-cotic—which was cheaper and also ad-dictive and, when laced with fentanyl or taken in overdose, killed the person who was using it. Fourteen billion pills. I have introduced legislation to ad-dress several aspects of this crisis. There is a lack of access to treatment. Once a family or a person identifies someone in need of treatment, sadly, there aren’t many opportunities for good, affordable treatment to stop this addiction and to save their lives. I also want to respond to the childhood trau-ma that can drive people to opioid use. We see that. I want to improve the oversight of the volume and types of opioids being approved by our govern-ment for sale in this country. We need to do more to prevent addic-tion and to address this crisis. What are we finally going to do to get seri-ous about this? First, we have to have the pharma-ceutical industry stop making profit— their motive in the production of opioids. Next, we have to be realistic about where these opioid pills are going. Downstate in my State of Illinois, in Hardin County, which is a small, rural county, fewer than 10 doctors can pre-scribe controlled substances—10 doc-tors in this county. There is a total population of 4,300 people in Hardin County, and there are 10 doctors with the legal authority to prescribe. It is the smallest county in my State. In the year 2010, pharma sent 6 mil-lion hydrocodone opioid pills and 1 mil-lion OxyContin pills to Hardin, IL. Seven million pills to a county with a population of 4,300 people were enough opioids for every resident of that tiny, rural county to have a 3-month pre-scription for opioids. Last year in Madison County, IL, which has a larger population, 17 million opioid pills were sent. Maybe you have heard of Purdue Pharma, the manufacturer of OxyContin. I encourage my colleagues to pick up Foreign Affairs magazine or the New York Times or the L.A. Times or the New Yorker. There, you will read about the family who owned this pharmaceutical company and made a fortune off these opioid pills and addic-tion, the Sackler family. If the name sounds familiar, it is because they have donated millions of dollars to art gal-leries and universities across the coun-try—and also helped to fuel our Na-tion’s opioid epidemic. The Sackler family owns Purdue Pharma and is re-sponsible for a lion’s share of the opioid crisis we face today. For years, under the Sackler family leadership, Purdue waged a comprehen-sive campaign to addict America to OxyContin. They wildly mischaracterized the risks of the drug, falsely claimed that it was less addict-ive and harmful, and just two pills a day were all you needed for full-time relief. They went on to say that OxyContin should be prescribed for common aches and pains, even when they had internal information proving that these pills were dangerous. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.016 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3874 June 13, 2018 
The family promoted the liberaliza-tion of direct-to-consumer drug adver-tising. Ever turn on the television late-ly and see the drug ads? How do we keep up with these? They are coming at us from every direction. Well, they went on direct consumer advertising with opioids at this point. They en-listed an army of sales reps to swarm doctors’ offices with payments, false medical journals, and false promises. As my colleague, Senator C
LAIRE  M
CCASKILL of Missouri, has docu-mented, they showered the so-called patient advocacy groups with millions in funding to fabricate a patient per-spective demanding more opioids. In 2007, this company, Purdue, pled guilty to criminal misbranding of OxyContin. So what did they pay as a result? Listen to this. What did this company have to pay for creating the opioid crisis in 2007? Six hundred mil-lion dollars. Does it sound like a lot of money? It shouldn’t because their sales revenues were $35 billion. So $600 mil-lion was the cost of doing their deadly business. No jail time for any member of the Sackler family, no Sackler fam-ily responsibility, but hundreds of thousands of Americans continue to be killed because of their crisis. As our former colleague, Senator Arlen Spec-ter, once said, it is ‘‘an expensive li-cense for criminal misconduct.’’ Purdue, the Sackler family, and other opioid manufacturers, such as Janssen, Abbott, Endo, and Insys, sys-tematically orchestrated a complex web to deceive the American public, promote their opioids, and avoid liabil-ity. This is shameful, it is unjust, and it is well past time for Congress to do something about it. I will soon be in-troducing legislation to crack down on this corporate misconduct by properly penalizing and preventing the mis-representation of opioids and requiring drug corporations to provide more in-formation to the Food and Drug Ad-ministration on the risk of abuse and long-term effects. I am also examining the influence the pharmaceutical in-dustry is exerting over our regulatory agencies and the medical community by hiring former officials with incen-tive payments. In the meantime, here is what we need to do: First, Purdue Pharma and other opioid manufacturers must testify be-fore the Senate to explain their role in this epidemic. We did this with the to-bacco companies and put them under oath years ago. We need to do the same to these pharmaceutical companies. Second, we must fix the 2016 law that weakened the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration’s strongest enforcement tool against this outrageous distribu-tion practice. I support efforts by my colleagues, Senators M
CCASKILL and M
ANCHIN , to restore the DEA author-ity. Finally, opioid manufacturers have profited off of flooding the market with painkillers and addicting Americans, and they should pay for the need for treatment their products have created. I have introduced legislation to impose a penny-per-milligram tax on the pro-duction of opioids. Big Pharma has to be financially liable for the mess and epidemic they have created. While we sit on our hands, sadly, in the United States and watch this opioid epidemic grow, an arm of the Purdue company, Mundipharma Inter-national, is shamefully exporting its deceptive marketing campaign over-seas. Mundipharma, an arm of the Pur-due company, is targeting doctors and the public with misinformation they were found guilty of using in the United States. Meanwhile, the wave of addiction created by the drug industry has ig-nited a new and deadlier crisis with the highly potent synthetic opioid fentanyl, which is being shipped through the mail in staggering quan-tities from China to the United States. This rippling effect is causing further deaths in America, straining our re-sources and exposing major gaps. I am glad the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee is considering this issue and moving one of my pieces of legislation forward, but we must do more. Our communities across the country are facing the suffering caused by this cri-sis. We need to do more to hold pharma responsible for this deadly, irrespon-sible, and many times criminal con-duct. Let’s start by bringing them to testify under oath before the Senate. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would say amen to the comments of the Sen-ator from Illinois, our Democratic whip. He spoke on two subjects very eloquently—the subject of opioids and the subject of ripping apart families in immigration, both of which require im-mediate action. HEALTHCARE  
Now, Mr. President, I want to speak on something that requires immediate action. There are 130 million Ameri-cans in this country who have a pre-existing condition. The Affordable Care Act that we passed 7 or 8 years ago guarantees insurance coverage if you have a preexisting condition. Lo and behold, the Trump administration is trying to rip that out of the Affordable Care Act, the law—130 million Ameri-cans and almost 8 million just in my State of Florida. They want to repeal and kill the Af-fordable Care Act. This is one way to do it because the Trump administra-tion and congressional Republicans and their allies have repeatedly tried and failed to kill the Affordable Care Act but now are trying to dismantle it piece by piece by pulling out economic undersupports of the law. As a result, they successfully did that and attached it to the tax bill that went through, and we are seeing the results of that. The premiums are going up. Now they want to basically kill the bill by saying that it is not a requirement of the law that insurance companies cover a pre-existing condition. Let me give you some examples of preexisting conditions: Alzheimer’s, cancer, acne. How about simply being a woman? Let me repeat that. Being a woman was a preexisting condition be-fore these protections were put into law—that an insurance company would have to cover you and that your rate had to be fair. Having faced multiple times the Re-publicans trying to dismantle this law, the Trump administration is now try-ing administratively and through the courts to take health coverage away. In my State of Florida, it is almost 8 million people. Here is what they did. In February, in 20 States, the attorneys general, in-cluding in my State of Florida, filed a lawsuit to attack our Nation’s health law and all of the key protections that go with it, and that is without any plan to replace it. Just last week, the U.S. Department of Justice sided with these States and went into court and told the court to do away with the law that bans insurers from charging people more or denying them coverage based on a preexisting condition. This seems absolutely inexcusable to me. If the attorneys general and the administration now supporting them prevail, health insurers across the country will once again be able to charge unlimited premiums for older adults by discriminating against all people with preexisting conditions— discrimination by the insurance com-panies refusing to offer them coverage or charging them exorbitant premiums simply because of what they call a pre-existing condition in their medical his-tory. As people age, they have more mala-dies, and almost everybody then has a preexisting condition. The law says that you are guaranteed you can get insurance coverage, even in an indi-vidual, single policy if you have a pre-existing condition. I gave you some ex-amples. Let me repeat them: cancer, Alzheimer’s, maybe just an operation, maybe something like acne. This Sen-ator has even seen, as the former insur-ance commissioner of Florida elected years ago, an insurance company say-ing that a rash is a preexisting condi-tion, and therefore they would not in-sure a person. Then there is the fact that just being a woman is a pre-existing condition for which they would not guarantee coverage—just be-cause of being a woman. Our constituents deserve better. They deserve access to healthcare. They deserve to know they can go to the doctor without being placed at risk of medical debt or bankruptcy, without putting even more pressure on our communities, hospitals, and those of us with insurance. If you don’t have that guarantee, what is going to happen? Rates are going to go up. More people will go to the hospital, and it is going to be uncompensated care, and that is going to cause our rates to go up. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.018 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3875 June 13, 2018 
This lawsuit by these attorneys gen-eral is nothing more than another po-litical attack on our Nation’s healthcare law. In my State of Florida, Florida’s Governor and the other 19 States that joined the lawsuit are the ones who are behind this, and they need to be held accountable. They are trying get rid of the protections for health insurance if you have a pre-existing condition. It is not enough to say that the Trump administration is taking delib-erate steps to make healthcare more expensive. Now they are trying to take away one of the most important and popular provisions—the ban that pre-vents insurance companies from dis-criminating against people with pre-existing conditions. Why don’t we stop these games? In-stead, why don’t we work together? Let’s get together a bipartisan agree-ment and help our constituents be able to have the healthcare they need, the insurance protection they need at an affordable price. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
THE ECONOMY  
Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, I have talked to a lot of Oklahomans who say they would love to hear some good news every once in a while, so let me just pause for a moment and read a couple of headlines and give some good news. One piece of good news came out of the Oklahoma legislature and out of our research branch. It deals with our finances. Oklahoma’s revenues are up 20 percent higher than what was ex-pected. For folks in this Chamber who don’t know what is happening in Okla-homa, our economy has been down for a couple of years. We have been strug-gling through some serious issues in the budget. For our revenues to be up 20 percent higher than what was ex-pected is a surprise but a welcomed surprise. It is a real sign of the turn-around in the Oklahoma economy, and it is very good news for a lot of people. I am grateful to say that it is not iso-lated news, that this is happening na-tionwide with there being a real turn-around in the Nation’s economy. I don’t often come to this floor and quote the New York Times, but let me do that today. Just a couple of days ago, the New York Times ran the head-line: ‘‘We Ran Out of Words to Describe How Good the Jobs Numbers Are.’’ In just the first couple of paragraphs of its story, it read that the real ques-tion in analyzing the May jobs num-bers released that week was whether there were enough synonyms for ‘‘good’’ in an online thesaurus to de-scribe them adequately. For example, ‘‘splendid’’ and ‘‘excellent’’ fit the bill. These are the kinds of terms that are appropriate when the U.S. economy adds 223,000 jobs in a month, despite its having been 9 years into an expansion, and when the unemployment rate falls to 3.8 percent—a new 18-year low. That was from the New York Times. They ran out of words to describe how good the economy is nationwide. This is from CNN: There are now more job openings than workers to fill them. Want more evidence that America’s econ-omy needs more workers? For the first time in at least 20 years, there are now more job openings than there are people looking for work. 
That came from CNN. The strong economy that we are fac-ing shows that we have a 44-year low of people right now who are applying for unemployment insurance, of people who are out there who have lost jobs and are looking for jobs—a 44-year low nationwide. Three million new jobs have been created since November of 2016. Right now, there is a job opening for every jobless person in America. During the height of the recession just a few years ago, there were six people who were looking for work for every one job open. Now there is at least one job open for every single person in Amer-ica. Unemployment has fallen to 3.8 percent—the lowest in 17 years—and consumer confidence has hit an 18-year high. There have been remarkable turn-arounds that have happened. There has been a nice, strong, steady increase in our economy. What the Federal Re-serve has always been afraid of—an overheating economy that moves too fast—has not occurred. It has just been one of steady growth with new individ-uals participating in the labor force. On top of all of that, even for those in-dividuals who are currently employed right now, the average wages have in-creased in America by 2.7 percent. For the individuals who are em-ployed, wages are going up. For indi-viduals who are looking for jobs, there are job openings for every single Amer-ican who wants a job, and the unem-ployment rate continues to drop to a 44-year low. That is good news. That is the ability for the American economy to be able to run again as it was de-signed to run. Quite frankly, when the tax reform bill was debated at the end of last year, there were a lot of people asking: Is this going to work? Will it really en-courage the economy to grow or will it be a sugar high—is what I heard on this floor—of individuals who will be rush-ing to spend money only to then have the economy fall away and collapse? What it has shown is, month after month, since tax reform has been passed and implemented, businesses have been hiring; people have been finding work; and wages have been going up by a steady amount. There has been the opportunity for people to start new businesses. We have seen real growth. Whether that be in State reve-nues, as in my State, or whether it be for individuals around my State, we are seeing real progress. That is a ben-efit. Now I encourage people to keep going. There are a lot of things still to do in our economy, and I am grateful that, recently, the national survey, which is done every year on the best places in America to start a new business, listed Oklahoma City as the No. 1 place in the country to start a new business, a place that is business friendly. That is true for my entire State, where people are welcome to come and start new businesses, to engage, to find new jobs—to open up and find new opportu-nities. Speaking of opportunities, my State, along with many other States, has started rolling out from the tax reform bill what are called opportunity zones. It is when we look for areas and des-ignate areas in the State that are not growing as fast as other areas and pro-vide incentives for people—incentives that have been built into the tax bill— in working with the State leaders, where there can be greater investment for people to find jobs, start new busi-nesses, open new businesses. There are additional incentives with which to do that, and we have seen that continue to roll out. So far, there have been 46 States that have designated oppor-tunity zones, and they are rolling out even today. I am grateful for what is happening in our economy because it is not about numbers and statistics. It is about in-dividual families who have the oppor-tunity to find work. A friend of mine at church recently lost his job. What is interesting about that is, 8 years ago, I had a friend of mine at church who also had lost his job, but it is so different now versus then. Eight years ago, a dif-ferent friend who lost his job caught me and talked about the desperation of looking, but there was nothing out there. Now a different friend who has lost his job, who is in transition right now, is talking about the opportuni-ties, and he is not in a hurry because he has so many options in front of him. He may start something or he may join somebody else. It is a good thing that when those moments of crisis come, you have op-portunities and the hope of transitioning to another place in order to be able to take care of your family. I would encourage us to continue to work on our economy. One of my favorite stories that has come out of the newspapers over the last couple of weeks is from the Wall Street Journal. It talks about this economy and talks about hiring, and it mentions specifically that many com-panies are having a difficult time find-ing new workers, so they are pursuing a group that they would not have con-sidered a few years ago. They are look-ing to hire and train felons. These are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.019 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3876 June 13, 2018 
individuals who have done their duty to society—who have been in prison, have finished their terms—and they are out and just want another shot. This economy is growing so fast that many of those individuals are getting their next shots to start life all over because companies are reaching out to train and hire people who even have felony records. These are individuals and fam-ilies who don’t need a handout; they need opportunities. Thankfully, they are getting it in this economy. Whether it is a company in Guymon or whether it is a company in Hugo or whether they are companies all across my great State, people are finding op-portunities to work. I am grateful for that and a growing economy. Madam President, I thank Senator I
NHOFE and Senator R EED for their work on this year’s National Defense Authorization Act. It is a big piece of work. It is something that we do every single year, walking through—what is called affectionately around here—the NDAA. It is all of our defense policies. It is what weapons systems we buy. It is how we support our men and women in uniform. It is how we ensure the na-tional security of the United States. It is working its way across the floor, and I am proud of the role my State has played in what is happening to achieve the goals for national security. The defense bill authorizes a 2.6-per-cent pay increase for our troops, which marks the largest increase in troop pay since 2010. The bill also increases pro-curement and funding of the KC–46 tanker, which will be stationed at Altus Air Force Base in Southwestern Oklahoma and maintained at Tinker Air Force Base near Oklahoma City. The Air Force currently operates an air fueling tanker fleet with an average age of more than 50 years. Since the air refueling tanker plays a key compo-nent in our Nation’s overall military strategy and our worldwide reach, in-cluding our readiness and operational capability, the KC–46A is a very wel-comed and long-awaited asset for the Air Force’s air refueling capability. They are scheduled to arrive later this year—in just a few months—at Altus Air Force Base so our women and men of the Air Force can step up and be trained and be ready to use that great asset. The 97th Air Mobility Wing at Altus Air Force Base is responsible for that formal training with the C–17, the KC– 135, and now the KC–46 aircraft for the Active Duty, Guard, and Reserve air-crew, while it maintains that Global Reach. Tinker Air Force Base cur-rently supports the depot maintenance on that. Many of those pilots who end up in that training first start out in Enid, actually. They are being trained in Enid, OK, on some of our smallest training aircraft. They learn how to do it and then, later, transition to Altus to then fly the KC–46. The bill continues the modernization efforts to be able to continue flying the B–52 bomber, the sustainment of which is completed at Tinker Air Force Base. The bill includes funding for the Pal-adin Integrated Management system upgrade, which is assembled in Elgin, OK, and is used at Fort Sill, which is right down the street. The Fires Center of Excellence at Fort Sill organizes, trains, and equips all of the Paladin units in the Army Paladin Integrated Management. Quite frankly, just about every time I go home or now fly out, I sit next to or nearby some young woman or man who is clutching a folder in his hand as he heads into Oklahoma City to get on a bus and head to Fort Sill so he can do his basic. I always recognize their faces, and I don’t have to say anything else to them but ‘‘thank you for sign-ing up,’’ because they are always clutching those folders they have been told not to lose, so they just hang onto them tightly. They are heading to basic at Fort Sill. It is an incredibly important facility for us as a nation. Earlier this year, it was announced that Fort Sill will maintain the long range precision fires and the air and missile defense cross functional teams and will welcome two new brigadier generals to lead these organizations. All around the world people are asking for the assets that are coming out of Fort Sill because people want missile defense and the capability of pro-tecting themselves from incoming threats. This bill that we are working on also includes funding for the bulk diesel system replacement at the McAlester Army Ammunition Plant. Almost every time you see a guided missile somewhere—in all likelihood, on TV— it was assembled and prepared in McAlester, OK. The bill provides funding for the air-craft vehicle storage building for the Army National Guard in Lexington, OK. Since September 11, 2001, the Okla-homa National Guard has deployed more than 30,000 soldiers to more than 16 countries—right out of Oklahoma. We are proud to do our part. Finally, the committee recognized the spaceport in Oklahoma, which some folks missed, but the committee did not. It is home to one of the Na-tion’s longest and widest runways. It is a 13,503-foot-long by 300-foot-wide con-crete runway, and it is ready and pre-pared for our Nation. The committee noted that the Okla-homa Air & Space Port, near Burns Flat, OK, is the only space port in the United States to have a civilian Fed-eral Aviation Administration-approved spaceflight corridor in the National Airspace System. This spaceflight cor-ridor is unique because it is not within military operating areas or within re-stricted airspace, which provides an operational capability for space launch operations and associated industries that are specialized in space-related ac-tivities. This is a good bill. There is a lot in it, and it is a long bill. There are amendments that are still pending as we work through the process, but there has been a good conversation as we have worked through and continue to focus on one of the primary respon-sibilities of this Congress and of our legislative branch—standing up for the national defense and making sure we take care of that. There are a lot of things happening in our economy and our Nation because we are secure. If at any moment we let down our guard with our own security, a lot of other things will disconnect. It is a good thing for us to work through the process on this, and I look forward to supporting this bill and continuing to support our national security. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. Mr. JONES. Madam President, I rise today to talk about an issue of deep importance to our country and my fel-low Alabamians, and I follow my col-league, Senator L
ANKFORD , who spoke with such eloquence on national secu-rity. This week, we are debating the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which funds our Nation’s defense pro-grams for the coming year. Like Sen-ator L
ANKFORD , I want to thank Chair-man M
CCAIN and Ranking Member R
EEDfor their work on this incredible and important legislation, as well as Senator I
NHOFE . He has done such yeo-man’s work in Senator M
CCAIN’s ab-sence. This bill has tremendous implica-tions for our country, both abroad and here at home. In Alabama, we know all too well about the need for national se-curity and a good economy. From Red-stone Arsenal in Huntsville to Fort Rucker, from Maxwell Air Force Base to the Anniston Army Depot and all of our Reserve and National Guard men and women in the State of Alabama— they are on the frontlines. In addition to the tens of thousands of civilians who support their work—Alabama is home to a first-class workforce that supports our national security mission every single day. So it only makes sense that this legislation continues to support the work of Alabamians and includes a well-deserved 2.6-percent pay raise for our troops. Just as important, it also includes funds for the Missile Defense Agency at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville. It in-creases space defense funding, which is so important to our Air Force. It au-thorizes 75 F–35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft, some of which will be sta-tioned at Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery. It provides what Senator L
ANKFORD talked about a moment ago—14 KC–46 refueling aircraft. I hope the Air Force will put a few of those in Birmingham for our fantastic Alabama Air National Guard, which supports so many missions around the world. There are many more resources to ensure that our Nation’s defenders are always mission-ready, and we could go on and on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.021 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3877 June 13, 2018 
I am pleased that this legislation takes care of so many of the priorities for our military, our defense, and Ala-bama. I certainly plan to vote for this bill, and I commend all of those who have worked so hard to make it hap-pen. That doesn’t mean there aren’t still ways we can improve this bill. As some may know, Alabama is also home to thousands of talented welders, mechanics, and other trades men and women who build the helicopters and ships that carry our troops around the world to defend the United States and our interests. Not only are these vehi-cles important for an effective and re-sponsive military, but they also sup-port good American jobs. One of those ships is the littoral com-bat ship, many of which are built in Mobile, AL, including the USS Man-chester, which was delivered to the Navy just last month. The LCS con-tinues to prove its value to our Na-tion’s defense and our military, which is why I am a little disappointed that the bill we are debating this week in-cludes only a single LCS, which is pic-tured here behind me. Many of them are made in Mobile, AL. Not only did the President reiterate just last week at the Naval Academy his goal of grow-ing our Navy to 355 ships, this program also puts to work about 1,000 different suppliers across 41 States. That trans-lates into countless American jobs. I have seen these ships being built firsthand, and it is a tremendous pro-duction, state-of-the-art. During my first recess State work period back home in February, I went aboard the Manchester just before its commission, and I saw firsthand how these ships are being made and the incredible opportu-nities down there. To build ships like the Manchester, it takes 4,000 skilled workers to support the effort each day. That is 4,000 American jobs. Right now, back home in Mobile, they are hard at work on the produc-tion lines to build littoral combat ships and the expeditionary fast transport ships, such as the USNS Trenton, which recently gave assistance to mariners in distress in the Mediterranean. By not recognizing the importance of the LCS to our Nation’s security, we hurt the long-term viability of the workforce in Alabama and all of the suppliers across 41 other States. To some extent, we don’t recognize their importance to our national security, and we are not doing all we can as a Congress to support our national secu-rity efforts. The Navy’s future frigate, which Ala-bama stands ready to support, won’t come online for a few more years, so those 4,000 workers in South Alabama need to keep working, not just sit tight and wait to be employed again in 2021. They need to work now. They need to continue the lines to make sure we have seamless transition. Alabama, American jobs, national se-curity—these are just a few of the rea-sons I sponsored an amendment to add a single LCS ship to this extremely im-portant piece of legislation. I would strongly urge my colleagues who will be in conference on this bill to increase the resources for the LCS pro-gram in the final package that will come before this body. The House version actually contains three LCS ships. So, as I have said so many times on this floor and in other places throughout this city and in these of-fices, I hope we can find common ground to build at least one, maybe two, more ships that are so important to our security and the Navy. Let me be clear. This isn’t just about ships; this needs to be considered in terms of long-term goals for our mili-tary. We need to build the ships that the Navy needs to do its job, we need to keep our production lines ready to go for future products, and we need to maintain the American jobs that make these efforts possible. This really isn’t rocket science. Our national security strategy and the eco-nomic stability of our country go hand in hand. Alabamians are proof-positive of that, given our long history of sup-plying military personnel and other as-pects of our national security to help our military throughout the years. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and maintain a robust LCS production posture that supports our national security and economic inter-ests. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. BARRASSO. Thank you, Madam President. As the Presiding Officer well knows, last December, Republicans voted to cut the taxes that American families pay. We simplified the tax sys-tem. We made it fairer and cut the rates. Every single Democrat in the Senate voted against giving Americans this tax relief that they needed—every sin-gle one of them. Democrats claimed that only rich people would benefit and that businesses would never share their savings with workers. The Democratic Leader, Senator S
CHUMER , actually said that tax cuts such as these only benefit the wealthy and the powerful, to the exclusion of the middle class. So what happened? What have we seen all across America? The American people know that the Democrats were wrong. The very day the tax bill passed the Congress, AT&T came out and said they were giving their workers a bonus. The company said that 200,000 hard-working employees were going to get an extra $1,000 each directly be-cause of the tax relief law. Over the next few weeks, more than 4 million Americans got similar good news: They were going to get bonuses too. They learned that they would be getting a bonus or a pay increase because of the tax law. More than 500 companies have said that because their taxes went down, they were sharing the savings with their workers. In my home State of Wyoming, these are people who work at places like Home Depot, Lowe’s, Walmart, and Starbucks. It is also peo-ple who work at small businesses, like Taco John’s and the Jonah Bank in Casper, WY. It is people who work at the Bockman Group in Sheridan, WY. That is a local business that specializes in fencing and excavation. I had a chance to meet with all of those peo-ple. They said the employees would be getting raises for one reason, and that is because of the tax law. The owner actually said that with this tax cut, he would now move ahead with starting two new businesses this year, employ-ing more people. That means more jobs and more economic opportunities for people in northeast Wyoming. Another thing that we had a chance to talk about when the tax law was passed was how this would affect peo-ple’s utility bills. It started happening right away. Americans noted that their utility bills starting going down. There are more than 100 utility companies across the country that have cut the rates they charge for electricity as a direct result of the tax law. And it is not just electricity; it is gas bills, water bills, all of the above. Look at the number. One hundred and two utilities cut their rates across the country. How much money does that add up to? How much money did people actually save because bills are going down for families all across the country because of the Republican tax cuts? The tax rate cuts amount to a savings of $3 billion for American fami-lies who are paying less money for util-ities. That is an incredible savings for American families. Democrats said the companies would keep their tax savings. Instead, the savings are being passed along to con-sumers. That is the way it was sup-posed to work, that is the way it did work, and the benefit for families across the country amounts to $3 bil-lion in lower utility rates. Americans are starting to use more energy right now to keep their homes cool this summer. It is that time of the year. These rate cuts are very good news for families all across the coun-try. When monthly bills get cut, they have more money to save, spend, and invest. It is their money, so they get to make those decisions on how they want to use it. That is what happens when we change the tax laws. Washington gets less, and taxpayers get to keep more. Republicans cut taxes. Working Americans are seeing more money in their own pockets as a result. I hear about it every weekend in Wyoming. People are saying that this tax law has made a specific difference in their lives—their personal lives, for them, their families, and their children. They see it with their neighbors as well. They get more money from their jobs, they pay less in taxes, and they pay less for things, such as utility bills. People are winning in three different ways because of the Republican tax re-lief law. A lot of people are seeing more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.023 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3878 June 13, 2018 
good jobs now than ever before. The numbers came out last week. People collecting unemployment insurance is at a 44-year low. They don’t need the unemployment benefits because they are working. We haven’t seen numbers this low since 1973. It is a sign that we have a very strong, healthy, and a growing economy. People are keeping their jobs or getting new and better jobs. If people get laid off or want to change jobs, they can get a new one right away. They don’t need to go on unemployment. They don’t need to col-lect unemployment insurance because we have a strong, healthy, and growing economy right now. The Labor Department said that there are now 6.7 million job openings across the country. That is an alltime high. For the first time ever, there are actually more job openings than there are unemployed people who are looking for work—6.7 million openings, 6.3 mil-lion job hunters. So when looking at some of these measures, the American economy isn’t just stronger than it was before the recession, it is stronger than it has been in decades. The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta says that we are on a pace for the econ-omy to grow more than 4 percent in the second quarter of this year. They actually say it may be as high as 4.6 percent. It is astonishing. The American people don’t need an economist to tell them what they see with their own two eyes in their own communities. They see that the econ-omy as strong, the economy is healthy, and the economy is growing. All they need to do is look around their home-town, talk to their neighbors, talk to their friends, see how people who might have been out of work now have jobs and job opportunities. They are paying less in taxes, keeping more of their hard-earned money, and they are see-ing it in their paychecks. The proof is in the paycheck. I expect to see it again at home in Wyoming this weekend. Businesses are hiring, workers are getting bonuses, raises, more money in their pockets, more money in their paychecks. People across America are feeling better about their opportunities. The opportunities are there. They are real. They are being grasped by people all around the country. There is confidence. There is an optimism we haven’t had pre-viously. There is a positiveness in peo-ple’s lives, and it is happening because of the policies Republicans are imple-menting in Congress and in the White House, in this partnership between a President and a Congress committed to cutting taxes, to slashing regulations, to letting people keep more of their hard-earned money. We have no inten-tion of stopping now. Democrats are continuing to look for ways to slow things down, to block the progress, and to change the subject. They don’t want to talk about any of these things. Republicans are looking for ways to keep America growing and to keep America strong. That is what Republicans in Congress are committed to doing. The American people expect us to keep going, to keep looking for ways to make America better, stronger, and safer. It is what the American people expect from us, and it is exactly what Republicans are going to continue to do. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2842 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise to speak in favor of the Reed-Warren amendment. For months, I have been voicing con-cerns about the Trump administra-tion’s dangerous plans to develop new, more usable low-yield nuclear weapons. Specifically, this Defense bill author-izes the Pentagon to begin developing a new low-yield warhead, which the Trump administration wants to put on our Nation’s submarine-launched bal-listic missiles. I think this decision is strategically unwise for many reasons. I am concerned about discrimination and the risk of rapid escalation into a nuclear conflict. As many experts have publicly suggested, Russia may not be able to distinguish between an incom-ing Trident missile that poses an exis-tential threat to their nation and a low-yield nuclear missile that is in-tended to serve as more of a warning. That may be a risk this administration is willing to take, but it is not one I can support. I am also not convinced that addi-tional low-yield nuclear weapons are necessary for deterrence. Let’s be clear. Together with our allies, the United States brings overwhelming nonnuclear coercive power to the table, but beyond that, the United States al-ready possesses a significant low-yield nuclear arsenal. In fact, we are in the process of spending billions of dollars to upgrade our delivery systems in order to ensure that our flexible deter-rent is capable of reaching anyplace, anytime. I am troubled by the message that developing new nuclear weapons variants sends to the world about America’s commitment to non-proliferation. Our credibility to nego-tiate with other countries, like North Korea, to demand that it reduce its nu-clear arsenal, depends, in part, on the fact that we have long been committed to reducing our own. We must not do anything to jeopardize that progress. That is not what this amendment is all about. In fact, I offered an amend-ment in committee to fence the fund-ing for low-yield SLBM until we can better understand the impact of this new weapon on our Navy and on our ob-ligations as a steward of nonprolifera-tion around the world, but my amend-ment was not successful. I understand that some of our mili-tary leaders, and some Members of my own party, genuinely believe this new low-yield weapon is necessary. I know my colleagues approach this seriously, and I know people with good intentions can disagree, but that is exactly the purpose of this Reed-Warren amend-ment. The point is, we should be hav-ing this debate right here in Congress. That is where the debate belongs. The impact of the underlying provi-sion currently in the Defense bill is that the Pentagon will not need to come to Congress to ask for permission to develop a new low-yield nuclear weapon in the future. Instead, they can merely notify that they intend to do so and then proceed on their own. If this Defense bill passes in its current form, Congress will have lost our best oppor-tunity to have a say in how they will develop it, what it will cost, or how and where it will be deployed. The argument in favor of the existing provision is that low-yield nuclear weapons should be treated ‘‘just like any other weapon,’’ but I would say this to my colleagues: That is not the case. As Secretary Mattis has said, there is no such thing as a ‘‘tactical’’ nuclear weapon and ‘‘any nuclear weapon used any time is a strategic game-changer.’’ The truth is, nuclear weapons are not like other weapons, and we should not treat them that way. We should all be able to agree that nu-clear weapons are in their own class, and they deserve special scrutiny by Congress. In fact, we have faced this very ques-tion before. Fifteen years ago, there was a similar effort to take Congress out of the debate and out of any ques-tion about the use of nuclear weapons. In that case, Senators John Warner and J
ACK REED offered a bipartisan com-promise proposal that said the execu-tive branch could only go forward in the development of new nuclear weap-ons with explicit authorization from Congress. That proposal passed unani-mously, 96 to 0, including votes from 10 of our Republican colleagues who still sit in the Senate today. The provision in the underlying De-fense bill would gut that bipartisan agreement, an agreement that has held for more than 15 years. It was offered at the eleventh hour, behind closed doors, and on a party-line vote. In contrast, the amendment offered by Senator R
EED today is consistent with that compromise, and a vote for the Reed-Warren amendment is a vote to sustain that bipartisan consensus. Regardless of what you think about the development and use of low-yield nuclear weapons, as a Member of the Senate, you should vote to have a voice in that process. That is what the Amer-ican people sent us here to do, and that is what we owe them. I would like to thank Senator R
EED for his decades of bipartisan leadership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.024 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3879 June 13, 2018 
in this area, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the Reed-Warren amendment. I yield back my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I believe Senator M
ARKEY of Massachusetts is here to speak. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Senator from Massachusetts withhold her suggestion? Ms. WARREN. Yes, I do. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak on behalf of the amendment being offered by my col-leagues Senator W
ARREN from Massa-chusetts and Ranking Member J
ACK R
EED from Rhode Island. I strongly support this amendment, and I want to explain why. A nuclear weapon is a nuclear weap-on, period. They are the only human- made force that could destroy all of hu-manity in a matter of minutes. They annihilate utterly and completely. The size of the bomb does not matter. Using any nuclear weapon is a step so grave that it is, in and of itself, an act of war. It also invites nuclear retaliation. That is why President Ronald Reagan was right when he said: ‘‘A nuclear war cannot be won and must never be fought.’’ Nuclear weapons are fundamentally different than any other military capa-bility we possess. Congress must have a role in determining when these weap-ons are developed, how they are man-aged, and if, Heaven forbid, we must ever use them again. Oversight is one of the fundamental responsibilities of this body, and on no issue is it more important than nuclear weapons. That is why I support what Senator W
ARREN and Senator R EEDare doing. It rightly protects the role Con-gress must play in determining if and when we as a nation decide to develop more of the most lethal weapons on the planet. What Senator W
ARREN and Senator R
EED are doing is ensuring that Con-gress must authorize developing new or modified nuclear weapons because that is all important. This authority was written into law years ago. It was a bi-partisan compromise that passed 96 to 0. Congressional oversight of nuclear weapons development and deployment has long enjoyed bipartisan support, and it should now as well. There are many, myself included, who believe we should go even further. As the only Nation to have ever used nuclear weapons against another coun-try, the United States has a special re-sponsibility to lead global efforts to re-duce and eventually eliminate the world’s nuclear weapons. This is an im-portant issue. I am a realist, and I real-ize, as long as nuclear weapons exist, the United States must have a credible nuclear deterrent that is safe, secure, and reliable. Appropriately striking this balance is one of the most consequential issues, not only for our Nation but for the whole world. It is why, for decades, Congress has played a crucial bipar-tisan role overseeing our Nation’s nu-clear arsenal. The debates have been heated. We have not always agreed, but we recognize Congress must be in-volved. This must continue to be the case moving forward. So I thank Senator REEDand Senator W
ARREN for their leadership in offering this amendment, which goes right to the heart of the question of what the role of the Congress is on this most im-portant of all issues—the authorization for the development of nuclear weapons in our country. From the beginning of the nuclear era, when President Roosevelt involved the Congress in the development of the Manhattan Project, until today, it has always been critical that those who are most concerned about this issue, the American people, have their elected representatives in the room. I thank Senator R
EED and Senator W
ARREN for their leadership on this issue. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, let me first thank Senator M
ARKEY and Senator W
ARREN for their comments and just state that this amendment is very straightforward and simple. It ensures that Congress has an oversight role in authorizing the development of new or modified nuclear weapons, including low-yield nuclear weapons. It reiter-ates what Congress does every year in the National Defense Authorization Act. I consider the oversight role of this institution essential for the De-fense Department and, in particular, for nuclear weapons. There are many devastating weapons of war in the world, but nuclear weap-ons are different. Thankfully, it has been over 70 years since the only time nuclear weapons have been used in war, but because it has been so long, I think many are not fully aware of the awful power of nuclear weapons. On August 6, 1945, the United States dropped a nu-clear bomb on Hiroshima. In the imme-diate aftermath, approximately 70,000 people—mostly civilians—were killed. Tens of thousands more would die of radiation poisoning within weeks. Ap-proximately 80 percent of the city of 350,000 people was destroyed. The sec-ond nuclear weapon, dropped on Naga-saki 3 days later, killed 40,000 imme-diately and approximately 40,000 more people from radiation poisoning in the following weeks. A weapon that can kill more people in an instant than the United States lost in the entire Viet-nam conflict deserves close congres-sional scrutiny. To provide perspective on the size of these weapons, the bomb dropped on Hiroshima was 13 to 15 kilotons. The bomb dropped on Nagasaki was 18 to 20 kilotons. A low-yield nuclear weapon is defined as a nuclear weapon whose yield is less than 5 kilotons of explo-sive yield. For comparison, the Massive Ordinance Air Blast bomb, or MOAB, used on an Afghanistan tunnel network in 2017—and featured all across the media as a devastating explosion—is 11 tons, or 0.01 kilotons, about 500 times less powerful than a 5-kiloton, low- yield nuclear weapon. So we are talk-ing about an extremely powerful weap-on that will result in thousands of cas-ualties if used. Two weeks ago, I visited General Hyten, who is the commander of the U.S. Strategic Command at Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska. We partici-pated in a classified exercise, involving the use of nuclear weapons. Again, the loss of life and destruction was truly sobering. I recommend that all of my colleagues participate in such a war game because it truly brings home the complexity and the essential role the Congress has in overseeing the develop-ment of nuclear weapons. I would like to convey one point that General Hyten made to me at the con-clusion of the war game—that his No. 1 job is to ensure that nuclear weapons never be used in the first place and that they act as a deterrence to their use. With that, let me make a few obser-vations on the amendment before us and why we are having this debate today. The 2018 ‘‘Nuclear Posture Review,’’ released in February, recommends that the United States undertake deploy-ment of a submarine-based, low-yield nuclear weapon. At present, the United States has several low-yield nuclear weapons, but they are deployed from the air. The principle reasons advanced for this recommendation in the ‘‘Nuclear Posture Review’’ are, first, the develop-ment of the Russian doctrine to use low-yield nuclear weapons to ‘‘escalate to de-escalate’’; second, the inclusion of this doctrine not only in Russian plans but in repeated Russian war games; third, the significant expansion of the number of Russian nonstrategic, low-yield nuclear weapons that are not subject to arms control agreements, to-gether with the Russian deployment of a land-based intermediate cruise mis-sile that violates the Intermediate Nu-clear Forces Agreement, or INF Agree-ment; and, fourth, finally, the develop-ment of extensive air defense systems over key Russian areas that could deny access to our current aircraft that would deploy a low-yield nuclear weap-on. The ‘‘escalates to de-escalate’’ strat-egy presumes that Russia has initiated hostilities in Europe and, after initial Russian success, either NATO forces regain the momentum and the conven-tional fight is turning decisively against Russia or Russia has secured its desired limited objective and antici-pates a decisive counterattack by NATO. In either case, this Russian doc-trine calls for a first strike with the use of a low-yield nuclear device to freeze NATO forces. The Russian logic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.025 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3880 June 13, 2018 
is that we will not respond with high- yield weapons for fear of initiating an all-out nuclear exchange, and we lack the ability to strike key targets with our airborne low-yield weapons because of their area denial air defenses. Their doctrine assumes that we will accept the existing status of Russian forces, even if they occupy NATO territory, while nonmilitary measures are pur-sued. This conclusion is contrary to our longstanding commitment to NATO expressed at the NATO Summit in 2016. In the words of that summit, ‘‘no one should doubt NATO’s resolve if the security of any of its members is threatened. NATO will maintain the full range of capabilities necessary to deter and defend against any threat to the safety and security of our popu-lations, wherever it should arise.’’ Now, given this threat posed by the Russian doctrine, the Nuclear Posture Review proposes that the development of a submarine-based, low-yield nuclear weapon will strengthen deterrence, raise the nuclear threshold, and make Russia refrain from a first use of nu-clear weapons since we will be capable of responding in kind to hold all of their critical targets at risk. In short, it will stabilize rather than destabilize nuclear deterrence. The inherent difficulty in evaluating this recommendation is the realization that deterrence is based upon the per-ceptions of both parties and the im-plicit and explicit communication be-tween both parties—in other words, what we are signaling with our words and actions, and whether the adversary is accurately interpreting those sig-nals. This is an extraordinarily difficult question. I and many of my colleagues have struggled with it throughout our service in the Senate and, in many cases, service in our previous careers. Indeed, experts in the field of nuclear deterrence honestly disagree with re-spect to the recommendation of this submarine launched, low-yield weapon. Some feel it is needed; others do not. I am increasingly skeptical that a re-sponse to a low-yield Russian attack by an American low-yield counter-attack will result in both sides refrain-ing from future use of nuclear weapons. In other words, I am skeptical that we will avoid moving upward on the escalatory ladder leading to a larger nuclear exchange. One important issue is the selection of targets and how that affects our in-terpretation of Russian objectives and, alternatively, how it will affect Rus-sian interpretations. If the initial Rus-sian target is integral to our military operations, will we see it as ‘‘escalate to de-escalate’’ or ‘‘escalate to pre-vail.’’ And if we respond in a way that is interpreted by the Russians as some-thing more than a quid pro quo, will the Russians respond again, assuming we are beginning a nuclear campaign? Moreover, will we cease conventional operations while allied territory is being held by Russia? This is the logic behind the Russian doctrine, but it contradicts our obligations under NATO. If we press these conventional attacks, especially if we are gaining advantages, the temptation to use ad-ditional nuclear weapons by the Rus-sians may be irresistible. Proponents may suggest that the simple possession of this seaborne low- yield weapon will be sufficient to deter the Russians, but that assertion seems to ignore existing airborne weapons that may be directed at critical targets that are accessible to our air attack and, as such, would accomplish the limited counterresponse that seems to be behind the current proposal. In addi-tion, much of the investments we are making in modernizing our triad—par-ticularly with long-range standoff weapons to replace our aging air- launched cruise missiles, the B–21 and the F–35 with the life extended B61–12 gravity bomb—should by 2030 offset the increasingly complex anti-access/anti- denial environment Russia is capable of. There are no easy answers to these questions, and answers will change over time as political, military, and economic factors change. That is why I believe it is essential that Congress maintain a central role in the develop-ment and deployment of nuclear weap-ons and why I strongly urge this amendment. This is about Congress’s role, not about a particular nuclear weapon. In this bill, the fiscal year 2019 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, the request for the development of the sub-marine-launched, low-yield nuclear weapon is authorized. An amendment, offered in the Armed Services Com-mittee, to require certain reports by the Defense Department before its de-ployment failed. It was offered by one of our colleagues on the Democratic side. Moreover, the funds are already appropriated for this weapon in the re-cent Energy and Water appropriations bill. An amendment to eliminate the funding at the full Appropriations Committee failed. So we are on track this year to go ahead with the develop-ment of this system, but the question is this: In the future, will Congress re-tain the right to make critical deci-sions about the development and the deployment of nuclear weapons? So the debate today is not about whether the low-yield, submarine- launched ballistic missile will proceed. The debate today is about congres-sional oversight of the steps ahead on this new nuclear weapon and any other new or modified nuclear weapon. Back in 1993, during consideration of the fiscal year 1994 National Defense Authorization Act, Congressmen Spratt and Furse included a provision that prohibited research and develop-ment that could lead to a low-yield nu-clear weapon. Then, in 2002, President George W. Bush conducted a nuclear posture review, which concluded that the Spratt-Furse provision should be repealed because it purportedly had a chilling effect on the science in the DOE weapons laboratories and might be needed to destroy bunkers con-taining chemical or biological weap-ons. As a result, the fiscal year 2004 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, re-ported out of committee by Chairman John Warner with Ranking Member Carl Levin, included section 3116, which repealed the Spratt-Furse provision. When the fiscal year 2004 NDAA came to the floor for consideration in May of 2003, there was an exhaustive debate on the issue of this repeal, and several amendments were offered. The first amendment was an amendment by Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN and Senator Ted Ken-nedy that proposed to strike the re-peal, and it lost. I, then, offered the next amendment, which allowed re-search and development to occur but prohibited the final development and production of a low-yield nuclear weap-on. Senator John Warner then offered a second-degree to my amendment, which allowed research and develop-ment to occur but required specific au-thorization for final development and production, and that is the law today. Senator Warner was very clear about the necessary role of Congress. On the floor, John Warner stated: 
In the second degree amendment, it is clear that the Congress is fully in charge, working with the Executive Branch. The Congress, and only the Congress, can author-ize and appropriate the funds necessary to go one step beyond what the earlier [Reed] amendment has provided. 
Well, now, while my amendment failed, the second-degree amendment offered by Senator John Warner passed 96 to nothing. Indeed, there are Mem-bers here today—our colleagues in the Chamber—who were there at the time and who voted for the modified amend-ment, the Warner-Reed amendment. The John Warner amendment has been uncontested until this year in the fiscal year 2019 Defense authorization bill. An amendment offered in com-mittee—and this is the amendment of-fered by the Presiding Officer—elimi-nates the John Warner language re-quiring congressional authorization for development and deployment of the low-yield nuclear weapon. Instead, now the administration sim-ply has to submit funding in the De-partment of Energy budget for new or modified nuclear weapons, not the De-partment of Defense budget. As such, this could be done through the Sec-retary of Energy, not necessarily through the Secretary of Defense. In-deed, in a strictly legal interpretation, the Secretary of Defense would have no role in this budget request. In addition, once the information appears in the budget sent to Congress, the executive branch can immediately begin using prior year’s monies, subject to re-programming guidelines approved in-formally by the four defense commit-tees and not the full Senate, to begin work on a low-yield nuclear weapon. I think it is important to note this: Under the present language in the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.034 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3881 June 13, 2018 
before us, it is the Secretary of Energy who could, at the request of the White House, indeed, conceivably—not likely, but conceivably, even over the objec-tion of the Secretary of Defense—pro-pose in his budget that we begin to de-velop a new nuclear device. Simply submitting that budget would author-ize him to begin reprogramming funds, which would be approved, at best, by a handful of Senators. That is not the kind of consideration we must apply to develop a new nuclear weapon. It is the role of the Senate—all of us—to stand up and to state where we believe this country should be headed. The threat and power of nuclear weapons has not changed. In fact, in the complex and unstable times of present day, with so many more states seeking nuclear weapons, I think it is imperative that Congress be more in-volved, not less, in the development and deployment of our country’s nu-clear arsenal. Therefore, my amendment simply puts Congress back in the loop, restor-ing the oversight put in place by the John Warner amendment in 2003. It is our fundamental duty to review, authorize, and appropriate, if nec-essary, the programs the executive branch will execute. I would contend that this is especially true, given the nature of nuclear weapons and their ca-pability for destruction. Some may agree with the need for a new, modi-fied, or low-yield weapon and some may not, but everyone in Congress should have a say on the issue. My amendment simply ensures that Congress is involved every step of the way in the development of any new or modified nuclear weapon. I believe it is critical, considering the awesome de-structive powers of this weapon, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment so we can continue to exer-cise appropriate guidance on an issue that is existential to the survival not only of the country but of the world. With that, I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Senator R
EED’s amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act. The Reed amendment would restore congressional oversight of the develop-ment of new, low-yield nuclear weap-ons. Since 1994, Congress has limited the Department of Energy’s work on low- yield weapons. We have done so for two reasons. First, many of us believe the true purpose of low-yield nuclear weapons is not to deter nuclear attack, but rather to fight unwinnable nuclear wars. We are only fooling ourselves if we believe nuclear wars can be won. Second, we already have sufficient low-yield capabilities. They include nu-clear cruise missiles and the B–61 grav-ity bomb. In fact, today, we are mod-ernizing both. We are developing the LRSO, a nu-clear cruise missile, at a cost of nearly $20 billion, and we are modernizing the B–61 gravity bomb at a cost of $8 bil-lion. That is nearly $30 billion toward new, low-yield capabilities; yet some in this body would go further. During the Senate Armed Services Committee’s markup of the NDAA, Senator COTTON offered an amendment to eliminate all existing restrictions on the development of new, low-yield weapons. His amendment, which passed on a party line vote, would allow the Secretary of Energy to develop new weapons simply by requesting funding to do so. That is an abdication of our constitu-tional responsibility to oversee spend-ing on the world’s most dangerous weapons. I cannot support this action and will oppose this NDAA if Senator C
OTTON ’s amendment is retained. It was not long ago that we debated this very issue. We would be wise to re-call what happened. In 2002, the Bush administration’s Nuclear Posture Re-view urged Congress to loosen congres-sional restrictions on low-yield weap-ons. I worked with Senator Kennedy to stop those efforts. With the help of Senator John Warner, we decided that we would allow basic research, but ad-vanced development of new low-yield nuclear weapons would require con-gressional authorization. That position carried the day by a vote of 96–0 here in the Senate. Senator R
EED’s amendment before us today would preserve Congress’s exist-ing role to oversee the development of new nuclear weapons. I believe it is absolutely critical that we retain our authority, and I urge my colleagues to support the Reed amend-ment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2366 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, one of the most fundamental protections of our Constitution is that the government cannot imprison or punish people with-out due process or without being charged with a crime and a fair trial. Several years ago, Congress tried to undermine those most basic protec-tions by saying the government could hold someone forever without so much as charging them with a crime under the powers granted to pursue Osama bin Laden in 2001. The Lee amendment seeks to restore those fundamental protections for U.S. citizens and lawful permanent resi-dents who are captured inside the United States. That is an important step forward, and I will vote for it. However, the Lee amendment still stops short of the protections guaran-teed in our Bill of Rights. The Fifth Amendment to our Con-stitution says that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. The Sixth Amendment says the accused has a right to a speedy and fair trial. Neither of those is limited to just citizens and permanent residents. My amendment 2795 would restore these protections for all persons captured in the United States. By restoring these protections, no terrorist suspect would be freed. The government would simply have to charge someone they believe to be a terrorist with a crime and put them on trial. I have no sympathy for terrorists and want to see them punished and locked away so they can cause no harm. I merely want the government to follow our most sacred charter, our Constitution, to do it just as we have for more than 225 years. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. RESPONSIBLE DIPLOMACY  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, the events of last week—the baffling, inex-plicable attacks on our closest allies by the administration one day and the ap-palling praise for perhaps the most bru-tal dictator on Earth the next—are not normal. This behavior is not normal. These upside-down values are not nor-mal. These actions mistake disruption for dynamism. They are empty bravado for bold displays of leadership. These ac-tions are not serious or sober. They represent the opposite of statecraft, and the implications of such thoughtlessness for America, her allies, and the world could be lasting and grave. In many ways, the President is a steward of America’s foreign policy— shaping it during their time, yes, but also understanding it is based on rela-tionships and norms that have existed since long before they took office and will continue to exist long after they exit the political stage. Over the past several months, I have spoken of our abandonment of the international rules-based order that we took the lead in establishing. I have spoken of the profound implications of this abandonment, what it means to our economy, to national security, and to our relations throughout the world. This administration’s dangerous dance with protectionism and its un-warranted besmirching of our allies, such as Canada, are illustrative of pre-cisely the kind of harmful implications I feared would become reality. This is not a matter of one instance of a poor word choice or a single mo-ment of absentmindedness; this atti-tude of contempt for those nations that share our values and respect for those who do not has been a common thread throughout the administration’s ac-tions over the past 18 months. It is disturbing when the American President and his administration are going on about the ‘‘great personality’’ of the murderous dictator, Kim Jong Un, or how Kim ‘‘loves his country very much,’’ while at the same time calling the Canadian Prime Minister ‘‘obnoxious, weak, and dishonest’’ for merely pushing back on imposed tariffs or declaring that the European Union is ‘‘solidly against’’ the United States when it comes to trade policy. Consistently ridiculing our allies by suggesting they are somehow abusing us, while voicing admiration for des-pots and dictators, represents a funda-mental departure in behavior for Amer-ican administrations. It represents a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.036 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3882 June 13, 2018 
fundamental misunderstanding of our relationship with our allies. It is understandable that we will have disagreements with our allies, but that does not justify upending the international framework and foreign relations painstakingly constructed and cultivated by previous generations of leaders. Issues we have with allies ought to be addressed through constructive dia-logue, not bellicose taunts or bom-bastic tweets. Such behavior is beneath the Presidency, and it is destructive to the position of global leadership this Nation holds. It projects to the world not American values but some sort of creep nihilism. I am astonished to use that word, ‘‘nihilism,’’ to describe the actions of any administration, of any party— much less my own—but it is our obliga-tion to call what is happening by its name. When we read this week in The At-lantic, quoting a senior White House official as saying that the ultimate goal of the administration is to destroy the international order so America will, as a matter of policy, have ‘‘No Friends, No Enemies,’’ then ‘‘nihilism’’ is the only word for it. If I may echo the sentiments of our absent colleague Senator M
CCAIN, I would like to make clear to our allies from the Senate floor that a bipartisan majority of Americans stand with you. We stand in favor of the principles of free trade, which have brought about unprecedented prosperity around the world. We stand in favor of preserving alliances based on 70 years of shared values, which have helped secure equal-ly unprecedented peace and comity among nations. As Senator M
CCAIN plainly stated, ‘‘Americans stand with you.’’ Attacking our friends is not who we are as a nation. It is not responsible di-plomacy. It is not helpful to our goals as a nation, and it cannot become the norm, but I fear it is becoming the norm, and that is devastating and it is a reality we must face in this Chamber. We continue to act here as if all is normal, as if all parties are observing norms, even as the executive branch shatters them, robustly trafficking in conspiracy theories and attacking all institutions that don’t pay the Presi-dent obeisance—our justice system, the free press. The list is getting longer. This institution—the article I branch of our government—is not an accessory to the executive branch, and we de-mean ourselves and our proper con-stitutional role when we act like we work for the President and that we are only here to do his bidding, especially now. With the time I have left in this Chamber, I will continue to speak out, and I invite my colleagues who are dis-turbed by the recent treatment of our allies to do the same, but as vital as I feel it is to speak out, for the record and for history, it is clear that in the face of such an unprecedented situa-tion, words are not enough. Mr. Madi-son’s doctrine of the separation of pow-ers tells us it is our obligation to act. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we will be voting on the National Defense Au-thorization Act soon, which enjoys a storied history in the Congress. Fifty- seven consecutive years we passed the National Defense Authorization Act in order to support and equip our mili-tary. Earlier this month, the Senate Armed Services Committee voted over-whelmingly—25 to 2—to advance this important legislation to the floor. There are 1.8 million Americans around the world on Active Duty, ac-cording to the Department of Defense. The United States has 737 military in-stallations worldwide, and the Depart-ment of Defense is the world’s largest employer. Supporting all of these peo-ple and facilities is a Herculean task, and the Defense authorization bill is one very important way we do that. It is how we make sure the men and women in uniform are paid, our alli-ances are strengthened, and that mili-tary facilities are properly modernized and maintained. This bill we will be voting on will support a total of—it is an authoriza-tion—$716 billion for these tasks. Occa-sionally, people ask: Isn’t that too high a price to pay? Well, $716 billion is un-questionably a lot of money, but the simple fact is, there is no one who shares our values who can step in and fill the void left by an absence of American leadership. It is American leadership that keeps the world sta-ble—or at least as stable as it is—that helps keeps the peace and helps fight the scourge of things like terrorism. There is no substitute for the United States of America. There are countries I will talk about in a moment—such as China—that want to surpass us both economically and militarily, but it is important for our very way of life and for peace in the world that the United States con-tinues to live up to its responsibilities to lead when it comes to national secu-rity. In my home State, there are roughly 200,000 men and women stationed at places like Fort Hood, Joint Base San Antonio, the Red River Army Depot and Ellington Field. These are the peo-ple I think of each year as we take up and pass the Defense authorization bill. They rely on us to supply them what they need in order to do the tasks they have volunteered to do. One thing this bill will do—and it sounds very modest—is provide a 2.6- percent pay increase, the largest in nearly 10 years for our uniformed mili-tary. Given the state of today’s world, maintaining our military readiness has never been more important or more difficult. The array of national secu-rity threats facing the world is more complex and diverse than at any time since World War II. Our leaders say, the strategic environment has not been this competitive since the end of the Cold War. Simply put, America no longer enjoys a comparative advantage that it once had over its competitors and its adversaries. Secretary of Defense Mattis and the Department of Defense have admirably crafted the national defense strategy that was delivered to Congress earlier this year. This is a critical first step for the administration to lay out its strategy, but now that strategy must be implemented, and the Defense au-thorization bill will align our policies and resources in a way that will ac-complish that. This legislation will modernize the military’s rigid, outdated personnel management system to increase the adaptability of the force, increase its lethality, where necessary, invest in emerging technologies to ensure that our troops have what they need in order to be successful, and reform the Department of Defense to empower strong civilian leadership. I am glad there are two pieces of this bill that are included and that I want to highlight in particular. The first is called the Children of the Military Protection Act. I believe the Senator from Maine is my chief co-sponsor, and I thank him for that. This will close a jurisdictional loophole af-fecting military installations where minors commit criminal offenses on base. This issue was brought to my at-tention by an Army JAG officer—a judge advocate general, a lawyer—who was concerned that juvenile sexual as-sault cases were falling through the cracks when the Federal Government chose not to prosecute because, natu-rally, this would end up in the jurisdic-tion of U.S. attorneys and the Federal courts, and certainly their plate is full. This was a particular problem, though, at Fort Hood in Central Texas. This legislation will allow Federal prosecutors to retrocede jurisdiction to the State; that is, allow the State to step up and prosecute these cases, al-lowing State-level authorities to take up the case when the Federal Govern-ment’s other responsibilities and finite resources prevent it from being able to do so. This is, as I said, a bipartisan pri-ority that Members of both sides of the aisle should rally behind. Our children who live on military bases must be protected at all costs, and when they are sexually assaulted, their juvenile assailant should not es-cape justice because of the constraints of the status quo. The second piece of legislation I have introduced and that I am pleased has been included in the NDAA—the De-fense authorization bill—involves how we address future threats to our na-tional security. I have spoken quite a bit about China recently. My friend from Maine, who serves on the Intel-ligence Committee, as do I—we hear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.037 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3883 June 13, 2018 
quite often about the challenges con-fronting us from our rival China. But that country bears mention again right now because of its connection to the Defense authorization bill. The chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY , has recently said that it is in ‘‘the Indo-Pacific region [where] the United States faces a near-term, bellig-erent threat armed with nuclear weap-ons and also a longer-term strategic competitor.’’ He has described that as being a threat to the United States in the Indo-Pacific region where we face a near-term belligerent threat armed with nuclear weapons—that would be North Korea—along with a long-term strategic competitor, and that would be China, that Chairman T
HORNBERRY  is referring to. That is why this year’s Defense au-thorization bill, among other goals, prioritizes military readiness in that region and strengthens key partner-ships. It promotes stability and secu-rity in the Indo-Pacific region through exercises with our allies, and it main-tains our policy of maximum pressure on North Korea as we seek to negotiate the denuclearization of the North Ko-rean peninsula. But another main provision in this legislation that has to do with the Indo-Pacific region in particular, which I have cosponsored, along with Senator F
EINSTEIN , the senior Senator from California, is known as the For-eign Investment Risk Review Mod-ernization Act, or FIRRMA. This legis-lation will allow us to better intercept threats to our national security posed by China when its companies mas-querade as normal corporate actors. But it has been well documented that China is intent upon not only stealing our intellectual property, but also ac-quiring the know-how to build dual-use technology in China and thus under-mine our industrial base here in the United States. They do so by evading current law, by mergers, acquisitions, and joint ventures. This legislation will modernize the review process led by the Secretary of Treasury to make sure that foreign investments in the United States protect our national se-curity. This is not intended to discourage foreign investment. Foreign invest-ment is a good thing. But when coun-tries have an explicit strategy to try to acquire cutting-edge technology that has military applications, it obviously is a concern to our national security. As I said earlier, the Defense author-ization bill is important for many rea-sons that hit closer to home. For exam-ple, in Texas, this bill has traditionally authorized needed improvements at Texas military facilities. We have an all-volunteer military. That means we have to not discourage people from en-tering the military or being retained in the military. One of the ways we do that is by making sure that we main-tain improvements at our facilities, as well as provide updated aircraft, ships, and ground vehicles. All of these have Texas implications too. So when I vote yes on the Defense au-thorization bill soon, I will be thinking of these servicemembers—my constitu-ents back home who proudly wear the uniform of the U.S. military—as well as all of those troops stationed over-seas. I encourage all of our colleagues, let’s make sure we get this NDAA, the Defense authorization bill, across the finish line as soon as possible. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Mr. KING. Mr. President, I wish to commend the Senator from Texas for his leadership both on the juvenile jus-tice provision of the National Defense Act, and also, very importantly, on for-eign investment. We often hear around here testimony about all-of-govern-ment efforts. What we are facing is an all-of-society effort from some of our competitors—principally, China. Their private sector and their public sector are sometimes indistinguishable when it comes to investments. That is why this modernization act that the Sen-ator from Texas has taken the lead on and has included as an amendment in the National Defense Authorization Act is vitally important to national se-curity. I just want to thank the Senator for his leadership on a very important issue and commend the work of the committee in including it in the bill. Like the Senator, I look forward to supporting this bill. I think it is impor-tant on many levels, but since the Sen-ator is on the floor, I wanted to com-mend him for his leadership on these issues. 
FOOD LABELS  
Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about a regulatory issue. It would be easy to joke about it, and I will probably not be able to resist a few puns along the way, but it is very serious. The Food and Drug Administration is reviewing food labels. They want to make them more understandable. They want to make them more informative to people when they are purchasing food in the grocery store. They have in-creased the font size on the calorie serving size, the number of servings in a container, and this all makes sense. But there is a place where the proposed rule of the FDA goes off the rails, if you will, and that involves maple syrup and honey, which the agency is sug-gesting should have on its label ‘‘added sugar.’’ Well, maple syrup and honey essen-tially are sugar. And in pure maple syrup, in pure honey, which we produce in our State and other States in the Northern Tier, nothing is added. To add the phrase ‘‘added sugar’’ to maple syrup and honey makes no sense and is indeed confusing to the consumer be-cause if you read a label that says ‘‘maple syrup’’ and it says ‘‘added sugar,’’ your natural assumption is somebody has put more sugar in there. That is what you would take from that. Indeed, that is what this label re-quirement that has been proposed would do. It would actually undermine the good work that has been done by the maple syrup industry and the honey industry over the years to ex-plain to consumers the difference be-tween pure honey and pure maple syrup and other products that have other things in them and may have sugar added. This is a photograph of where maple syrup comes from. This is a maple tree, and the farmer is tapping it. These tubes all lead to a maple house. Mak-ing maple syrup is not easy. It takes 40 gallons of sap to make one gallon of syrup. That is why we call it liquid gold. It is a wonderful product. It is a pure product. There is nothing that is added between the tree and the jar that you buy in your grocery store if, in-deed, it is real maple syrup. Nothing is added. Last week, I visited a wonderful guy in Maine who is known as the Bee Whisperer, and he—or rather his bees— makes honey. We were out in a back field where the hives are. I said: How many bees are out there? He sort of scratched his head and said: About 3 million. Bees are in the hives in this back field of the Bee Whisperer up in Maine and when the honey comes into the combs, they scrape the wax off the top. The wax is created by the bees, by the way, so it is a totally natural prod-uct. The honey then comes out, and here it is coming out into a jar. This is pure honey. To add to this label ‘‘sugar added’’ makes no sense be-cause it is not. There is nothing added, except what the bees produce. So this is a case where I think what we are talking about is a well-meaning attempt on the part of this agency, the FDA, to inform consumers, but, in the process, what they are really doing is misinforming them. Honey comes from the bee to the jar—nothing in between. Maple syrup comes from the tree to the jar—noth-ing in between. Nothing is added. The only thing that is added by this pro-posed regulation is confusion, and con-fusion is the whole thing we are trying to avoid here. We are not adding sugar. Sugar isn’t added into maple syrup and into honey. If you put ‘‘added sugar’’ on the label, it will make the consumer think that this isn’t a pure product, and it will undo 50 years of effort to make the public understand the difference be-tween pure maple syrup and pure honey and something that may indeed have some added ingredient. MaryAnne Kinney—by the way, MaryAnne’s husband is the guy that was tapping the tree that I showed a minute ago—is a State legislator in Maine, and she is also a maple pro-ducer, and she is in Washington this week spreading the word about this issue. I just want to add my voice to it because this would have a significant impact on these industries nationwide. These are important businesses. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.027 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3884 June 13, 2018 
Maine, maple syrup is a $20 million-a- year business. I have to admit that one day years ago, when I was the Governor of Maine, we used to tap a maple tree in the front yard of the Governor’s residence every year. It was a ceremonial event. The press was there. I went out one year to tap that tree, nailed one of these guys into the tree, and then the sap dripped out into the bucket. This is the old fashioned way. The new way is what I showed before; the tubes run right to the sugar house. The press was there, and they said: Governor, what do you think of Vermont maple syrup? I said: Vermont maple syrup? Are you kidding me? We use that in cars in Maine; we don’t eat that stuff. Well, it started a war with the Governor of Vermont, which we settled amicably, I might add. Maple syrup is important to us. I think this is would be a funny issue if it weren’t so serious for producers. As a matter of fact, when you say they are going to put ‘‘added sugar’’ on a label for maple syrup, most people think it is kind of funny, but it is not funny to the industry. So I can’t resist, Mr. President: I am hoping for a sweet ending to a sticky mess and that the FDA this week will do the right thing. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I am pleased that we as a committee have once again come to-gether in a bipartisan fashion to ad-vance the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, or NDAA, which I believe is a vital piece of legislation for our na-tional security. I thank the chairmen and ranking members in both the House and Senate for their leadership—Senator I
NHOFE — and the Members on both sides of the aisle who have continued to work to-gether on this very important Defense bill. Congress as an institution continues to come together each year to show our troops and their families that they have our full support. The Federal Gov-ernment’s No. 1 responsibility is to provide for the defense of our Nation. This year’s NDAA, the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, honors our chairman, who has dedicated his life to serving our coun-try. Few people are more passionate about our troops and our military read-iness than Chairman M
CCAIN, and the courage he has exhibited during his years of service and in his current bat-tle has inspired all of us. I am pleased we were able to put together legisla-tion bearing his name that builds on last year’s efforts to provide adequate tools so our forces can fully rebuild our military and adequately address the challenges they face. The most important capability we have is our people, the men and women in uniform who defend our Nation and the families who give them the strength to do so. That is why I am pleased that this year’s NDAA includes a 2.6-percent pay raise for our troops. We are also fortunate that the leader of our Armed Forces, Defense Sec-retary James Mattis, has provided us with a national defense strategy that clearly articulates the current and emerging threats we as a nation are facing. This strategy focuses on the central challenge facing our Nation: the reemergence of long-term strategic competition with our near-peer com-petitors, such as Russia and China. It is our duty to provide Secretary Mattis and all of our troops with the tools they need to execute this strategy. The world is more dangerous than at any time since the Cold War era. China and Russia are both strategic competi-tors. Great uncertainty still remains on the Korean Peninsula. Iran con-tinues to threaten Middle Eastern sta-bility. Our forces remain engaged in combat in Afghanistan and are con-ducting counterterrorism in multiple areas of operation. Our superiority in the maritime, air, ground, space, and cyber domains— once taken for granted—is constantly challenged by our strategic and re-gional competitors. Even more concerning, the threat of sequestration and repeated continuing resolutions has prevented our troops from being fully equipped to prepare and defend against these threats. As a result, modernization, readiness, and sustainment have all suffered. It is our duty to provide funding sta-bility and avoid arbitrary budget caps that constrain defense spending below that which is required to protect our Nation. Failure to provide adequate, stable funding disrupts planning, im-pacts responsible obligation of critical funding resources, degrades readiness, and inhibits modernization, and there have been disturbing real-world con-sequences. The high operational demand with an insufficient fleet, overburdened main-tenance infrastructure, and an erosion of training all were factors in a string of recent Navy surface fleet incidents. The Marine Corps and Air Force have had their own serious readiness issues with the F–18 and the B–1 fleets, which experienced multiple class-A accidents, some of which caused the loss of life. The shortage of pilots in every service is a strategic readiness concern that must be addressed. Our sailors, soldiers, airmen, and ma-rines deserve the very best in training and equipment. This year’s NDAA does that by providing a total of $716 billion in fiscal year 2019 for national defense. Voting for this vital legislation is not—I repeat: not—an act of budget- busting. In fact, in 2010 we spent $714 billion—just $2 billion less than this year—on national defense, but a dollar went a lot further back then. Adjusted for inflation, this bill actually author-izes more than $110 billion less than in 2010 buying power. We are slowly digging ourselves out of a hole that has hollowed our Armed Forces. The real budget-busting is being done with man-datory spending, and we don’t even vote on mandatory spending. Since the Cold War, the stakes for failing to take decisive action have never been higher. This legislation will enable our Armed Forces to continue taking necessary steps to rebuild and restore our national security. As an example, in the Navy—this year’s NDAA builds on last year’s bill to improve ship and aviation readiness and the infrastructure necessary to support the fleet, which directly ad-dresses a significant problem the Armed Services Committee has exam-ined in multiple hearings this year. Significantly, it improves the Navy’s capacity to execute maintenance in naval shipyards by continuing to grow the workforce while investing in ship-yard infrastructure, including facili-ties, equipment, and information tech-nology. This increase in workforce will help the Navy to meet scheduled ship maintenance, support additional ships, and reduce the backlog that has accu-mulated from over a decade of in-creased operational tempo. Similar plans to restore readiness will be executed across the force so long as we honor our commitment to invest in a complete life cycle acquisi-tion system. As chairman of the Cybersecurity Subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I am pleased that the NDAA includes important provi-sions that take steps to address the se-rious cyber threat our Nation faces. This includes providing the Secretary of Defense with the authority to con-duct military operations in cyber space, developing a program to estab-lish cyber institutes at educational in-stitutions, and investing in cyber pro-grams in the defense industrial base. These are important steps we can take to defend the Nation in the cyber do-main. I am also glad that the bill we are considering today includes strategic measures that I offered to improve offi-cer personnel management and in-crease the capabilities of our training ranges throughout the Department of Defense to better support the objec-tives outlined in the national defense strategy. Today, a number of our per-sonnel and training systems are out-dated and fail to provide our forces with the tools they need on the modern battlefield. This bill changes that. While we champion this year’s bill, we must also extend our view beyond fiscal year 2019. We must be prepared for the future while reacting to the present, especially as it relates to fund-ing. For the past 3 years, I have served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.028 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3885 June 13, 2018 
as a member of the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee, bearing witness to po-tential challenges that could threaten our national security if we do not ad-dress arbitrary budget caps placed on our defense. These arbitrary budget caps have forced the kinds of false choices that are potentially so dev-astating for our Armed Forces. We must also avoid the false choice of paying for readiness while assuming risk for modernization or vice-versa. We cannot let the pursuit of the perfect modernization solution prevent us from implementing mature tech-nologies—to address short-term capa-bility gaps—now, today. The bill we are considering today avoids these choices. In closing, I thank Chairman M
CCAIN, Ranking Member R EED, Sen-ator I
NHOFE , and my other Armed Serv-ices Committee colleagues and every-one on staff for their work on this year’s NDAA. I look forward to getting this bill to the President’s desk in a timely man-ner as we continue our strong tradition of coming together on a bipartisan basis to support our troops and their families so that they can continue to keep us safe. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
CONGRATULATING MITCH MCCONNELL AS THE  
LONGEST SERVING SENATE REPUBLICAN  
LEADER  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I begin today by congratulating my friend, the senior Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , on becoming the longest serving Republican leader in the his-tory of the Senate. This is an institution where some-body once wisely, I think, observed that there are only really two rules. Unanimous consent and total exhaus-tion are the way the Senate has in the past reached conclusions. That would not be and is not an easy group to lead. But I think Senator M
CCONNELL , more than any other Member of the current Senate, appreciates and understands the institution in ways that very few people do. He used the skills of under-standing the uniqueness of the Senate. There is no other legislative body de-signed, as this body was, to be sure that the minority is heard and to be sure that the time we take is adequate for points of view to be put out there. During that time, in the past year, Senator M
CCONNELL has led our con-ference and the Senate in delivering the biggest tax overhaul in three dec-ades, confirming a record number of circuit court judges, and overturning unnecessary regulations that were holding the economy back, and that is not easy to do. Every Member of the Senate comes here on their own. They come here working for the people who elected them. In many ways, we have 100 inde-pendent contractors who understand their bosses—the people they work for—and the States they come from better than anybody else on the Senate floor does. Now, that is not a bad thing. That is an indication of bringing de-mocracy to a place that has only 100 Members and always has almost 100 dif-ferent points of view. Senator MCCONNELL has earned the confidence of his colleagues. He has led the Senate in a good way. I am proud to call him my friend. He was the Sen-ate whip when I was the majority whip in the House, and I am grateful for the 11 years, 5 months, and 11 days of steady leadership he has given. Now, Mr. President, with the Demo-cratic and Republican leaders, the ma-jority and minority leaders, both doing what they need to do, the work of the Senate continues. This is the 57th time the Senate has dealt with the National Defense Au-thorization Act. It is the only bill that we pass as an authorizing bill every single year, and I think that is highly appropriate. The No. 1 job of the Fed-eral Government is to defend the coun-try, and we give that issue a different level of time on the Senate floor every year than we do anything else. The national security threats facing the United States today are more com-plex and more diverse, certainly, than at any time since World War II and maybe at any time ever. The United States hasn’t seen the kind of strategic competition we see from other places. We haven’t seen the diversity of oppo-sition that democracy faces today. Frankly, our competitive advantage is not what it once was. Our advantage on the battlefield is not what it once was. It is still better than anybody else but not as overwhelmingly better as we were at one time. For us to continue to be successful, we have to maintain that military ad-vantage. We have to counter our poten-tial adversaries. As Senator R
OUNDS  just mentioned, we have to look at the new potential of cyber warfare, being sure our cyber advantage, our techno-logical advantage, can’t be disrupted because someone else has developed a way to get into our systems better than we developed ways to defend them. That is not an acceptable con-clusion. We need to work to defend an international order that has advanced our security, that has advanced our prosperity, and that our allies and partners are an intricate part of. This requires us to be sure we are always ready. Secretary of Defense Mattis and sen-ior leaders of the Department of De-fense have spent a lot of time crafting the national defense strategy. This bill makes it possible for us to pursue that strategy. This is not a bill where the Members of the Senate pretend to be the master strategists of our defense, but it is a bill that allows the Members of the Senate, with oversight, with re-sponsibility to the people we work for, to be sure that plan not only makes sense but is supportive. In the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, there is a total of $716 billion. Half of all the discretionary money we spend, we spend on this topic. This would be another time to repeat my ob-servation earlier that this is our No. 1 priority as the Federal Government or we wouldn’t be spending half of all the discretionary money we spend on this. We need to be sure we keep faith with those who are serving, to be sure they have the best resources, the best equip-ment, the best training that is pos-sible. Importantly, the authorization bill provides our servicemembers with a pay raise, a 2.6-percent pay raise. That is the biggest pay increase in a decade, and it needs to happen. It authorizes crucial multiyear procurement author-ity to keep our lines of defense produc-tion open. You have to have more than a 12-month commitment to build things like the F/A–18 Super Hornets that are made in St. Louis. We have been using those aircraft at a high vol-ume of use, part of flying package after flying package. The Middle East has impacted our use of those planes and others. This is a bill that says: OK. We need to be sure we are looking forward not just for 12 months but for a multiple series of months to allow that line and the great men and women who work on it to keep it going. The NDAA invests in emerging tech-nology, and we do all we can to assure that our troops have what they need to make their mission successful. This bill makes significant investments in research and engineering to be sure that, again, we have the cutting-edge military technologies, and we have the cutting-edge ways to defend those mili-tary technologies. It is hard for me, when we come to this bill every year, not to make the point that we want to be sure Ameri-cans are never in a ‘‘fair’’ fight; we want to be sure they always have all the advantages anytime they engage to protect our freedoms. This bill recognizes the critical im-portance of our allies and our partners around the globe who fight together with us, who have shared responsibil-ities with us. This bill provides support to counter what we see the Chinese doing in the South China Sea or what we see the Russians doing as they look to—and obviously resent the success of NATO—both economic and defense of those NATO countries. It continues the fight against ISIS and terrorists in Af-ghanistan. We are hopeful—I am hopeful we have some language in this bill where, as op-posed to an annual designation that recognizes those who have been wound-ed and injured in the service, we could make that an annual Silver Star Serv-ice Banner Day. I am grateful for the work those families do every year, and I hope we can continue to honor them in this bill. This would, frankly, be a perfect bill to honor families of those who have been injured and wounded in service, as it also recognizes the incredible service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.030 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3886 June 13, 2018 
of J OHNMCCAIN. I can’t think of any-one whose life of service to this coun-try is more exemplary, is more deter-mined, is more vigorous than his com-mitment to the people who serve but also to the taxpayers we work for. The John S. McCain National De-fense Authorization Act is named for the chairman. He has given so much of his life to our service. This is a bill that I hope appropriately honors his service, as I also hope it appropriately does what we need to do to honor our No. 1 priority—the defense of America. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I couldn’t have said it as well as the Sen-ator from Missouri. This is the John S. McCain reauthorization bill and obvi-ously he is deserving of much more than that. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2842 
Since we are going to have the votes in just a few minutes—two votes—let me make a couple of comments, and then I will yield to the Senator from Rhode Island. I believe the first vote we are going to have is going to be the Reed amendment, and I do oppose it. This amendment would require con-gressional authorization for the devel-opment of nuclear weapons for one sim-ple reason we already require. Congress is already required to authorize the de-velopment of nuclear weapons in each year’s authorization and appropria-tions bill. The debate is not really about the authorization; it is about the ‘‘Nuclear Posture Review.’’ The ‘‘Nuclear Pos-ture Review’’ calls for the United States to develop a low-yield nuclear capability, which some in Congress are against. That is fine. That is what this vote is on. We should debate it. We have debated it in the past, certainly in our committee we have, and that is the reason it is on the committee and would have to be taken off on the floor, if that is the desire of the majority of Members. That is not my desire. That is what we did. The Armed Services Committee con-sidered an amendment to limit low- yield authorization, debate its merits, and voted it down by a bipartisan vote of 16 to 11. There is certainly support for it. Let’s be clear. The purpose of devel-oping the low-yield capability is the same as our entire nuclear enterprise— deterrence. According to the NPR, Rus-sia believes we have a gap in our nu-clear capability because we have no low-yield nuclear warheads. As a re-sult, they may perceive that limited nuclear first use, including low-yield weapons, would present the United States with two bad choices in re-sponse: escalate or do nothing. Since neither response would be acceptable, Russia may see this as an opportunity to gain strategic advantage through the use of nuclear weapons. We must correct this Russian misconception. Simply put, the NDAA authorizes the development of low-yield capability to make nuclear use less likely, to pre-serve and enhance deterrence. That is what this is all about. I heard argu-ments—and we debated this for many hours in the committee, and it is one that I think we ought to have every ca-pability the Russians have, and of course we will not have that unless we have the low-yield capability. I would hate to have our country in a position where the only choice we have is to do nothing or to use the high-yield equip-ment that we don’t want to use. I will save my remarks on the next amendment, the Lee amendment, until after this so we can give Senator REED the opportunity to visit about his amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, first, let me thank the Senator from Oklahoma for his graciousness in allowing me to respond. As I read the language of the bill, the language we had in place since 2004 was stricken. That language prohibited, es-sentially, the production and develop-ment of a low-yield nuclear device without congressional authorization. In addition to that, the language that was inserted in the bill that is before us now creates a process, whereby in order to begin work in production and development of a low-yield or perhaps even any type of nuclear weapon, the Secretary of Energy simply must sub-mit the request in the budget, at which point they can begin reprogramming funds that already had been appro-priated to start moving forward with the development of not only the low- yield nuclear weapons we are talking about now but in the future, additional ones. The essence of my amendment is clearly to get to the point where we are considering going forward with any new proposal by the administration. I will emphasize, too, the way this lan-guage is crafted in the bill, it is the Secretary of Energy—it is not the Sec-retary of Defense—that puts it in his budget. Once it is in his budget, then they can begin to move money around. It could be for this submarine launch system or it could be for a system we have had in the past. We had nuclear field artillery in 1950s and 1960s. It might not be, frankly, the Secretary of Defense or anyone else. It might be the President or the NSC that decides to do that. I am simply saying we have had for a decade or more the responsibility, the obligation, to authorize new nu-clear weapons and specifically low- yield weapons. That is why we have to include in this bill a specific authoriza-tion for this proposed submarine low- yield nuclear weapon. If the language existed as is in the bill now, next year I don’t think we would have that requirement. The Sec-retary of Energy could simply put it in his budget and then say: It is ready to go. I am moving money around. I am going to get ahead and create a new low-yield device—maybe not a sub-marine device, maybe a short-range rocket for the U.S. Army or a field ar-tillery piece, which the chairman from Oklahoma understands because we were both in the service when they had those. This simply says, we as the Con-gress have the obligation and responsi-bility to say the provide oversight and authorize any such system. That is why we are on the floor today with re-spect to this low-yield submarine weap-on system, because if we did not stand up and authorize it, it could not be constructed. As we go forward, I think we still would have to have that congressional responsibility, particularly in a world that is becoming increasingly com-plicated by nuclear weapons not just from the major powers but by rising powers by many countries. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. It simply maintains the status quo and says, if we are going to develop a new weapons system, come to us. We can debate it. We approve it or we don’t approve it, but the American people can rest assured that this is not something that has been simply moved through the administrative channels of any Executive, this President or any other President. With that, I will ask for support. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. In just a moment, it is my intention to table the Reed amend-ment. I want to say this. This is the way things should work. We have de-bated this. We have debated it in com-mittee. I have heard his very logical remarks and positions, and he has heard mine. We have an honest dis-agreement, and I think this is a better example than some of the things we heard recently from some of our col-leagues. Mr. REED. I thank the Senator. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I move to table Reed amendment No. 2842 and ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 47, nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 121 Leg.] YEAS—47 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.039 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3887 June 13, 2018 
Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—51 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2366 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I wish to speak for a moment about an amend-ment I offered, the Due Process Guar-antee Act amendment. This is based on a bill Senator F
EINSTEIN and I have in-troduced together. It has one purpose: to protect American citizens and law-ful permanent residents on U.S. soil from being apprehended here and in-definitely detained. In Federalist No. 84, Alexander Ham-ilton appropriately referred to arbi-trary unlawful imprisonment as one of the favorite and most formidable in-struments of tyrants. If our country is to make sure that it avoids this mis-take, our country needs to undo a deci-sion that was made in section 1021 of the National Defense Authorization Act passed by this body for fiscal year 2012, which is still in effect today. This amendment does one thing, and it is very simple. It simply says that if you are a U.S. citizen or a lawful per-manent resident, you may not be in-definitely detained on U.S. soil without trial, without charge, without access to a jury or to counsel. These are not radical concepts. These are simply fun-damental American concepts. These are concepts required by the Constitu-tion itself. It is not too much to ask to suggest that we should have a vote on this year’s National Defense Authorization Act, given that it was a National De-fense Authorization Act passed 7 years ago that put this in place to begin with. In the following Congress, a vir-tually identical version passed by a supermajority vote of 67 votes. For rea-sons I have never been able to under-stand, it was stripped out in the con-ference committee later. Today we have the opportunity to undo the wrong that was placed into law then. We must prohibit indefinite detention of American citizens appre-hended on U.S. soil. That is what this amendment does. We should be voting on it. We should not be blocked from getting a vote. I, therefore, implore you, with all the en-ergy I am capable of conveying, to vote no on this motion to table. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. TOOMEY ). The Senator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I want the same 30 seconds. I implore you all to understand the difference between fighting a crime and a war. The Senator’s amendment, as drafted, applies outside the United States. Remember Anwar al-Awlaki, the American citizen who hid with al-Qaida in Yemen? We killed the guy. If we had captured him, the last thing I would have wanted him to hear is, ‘‘You have a right to a lawyer,’’ because he is now part of the enemy force. The case law is very clear here. You had saboteurs from Germany marry up with American citizens in Long Island to commit sabotage in America. In re Quirin, the Court held that an Amer-ican citizen who joins the enemy force can be an enemy combatant under law of war and tried by the military. We have a case where a man was held at Charleston for 5 years—Mr. Padilla, who sided with al-Qaida. The court said it doesn’t matter if you are captured in the United States. Your activity mat-ters. Here is what I want. I don’t want to read these guys their Miranda rights because they are recruiting in our own backyard. American citizens are high on the list of al-Qaida and ISIS to use against us. When we capture them, I don’t want to read them the Miranda rights. We don’t have to hold them indefi-nitely. If an American citizen is sus-pected to join the enemy, let’s have a hearing about whether or not they have given up their citizenship. That way, we don’t have to read them their Miranda rights and lose the ability to interrogate a person who has joined the enemy. What you are doing is incentivizing ISIS and al-Qaida to find an American because they have protections other people would not have in their own backyard. It is insane to say America is not part of the battlefield. Ask peo-ple in New York if America is part of the battlefield. Ask people in the Pen-tagon if America is part of the battle-field. If you think America is not part of the battlefield, vote with him. If it is, table this amendment. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent for 30 seconds to respond. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, this bill does not apply to people apprehended out-side the United States. It does not apply to you at all if you are not a U.S. citizen or a lawful resident on U.S. soil at the time of your apprehension. This should not be controversial. This, in fact, is made noncontroversial by the Constitution itself. I urge you to vote no on this motion to table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. I move to table Lee amendment No. 2366 and ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 30, nays 68, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 122 Leg.] YEAS—30 
Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Donnelly Graham Grassley Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Manchin McConnell Perdue Portman Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—68 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Crapo Cruz Daines Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Risch Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, we have begun the period of time in the year when insurance companies start to declare what their intention is with regard to rate increases, and the news is not good for American healthcare consumers. I am going to be joined on the floor today by a few of my colleagues to talk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.003 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3888 June 13, 2018 
about what the impact of these radical increases in premiums is going to be for our constituents. The news is not good, but, frankly, it is no surprise be-cause for a year and a half now, the Trump administration has been waging a very deliberate assault on the Amer-ican healthcare system, trying to sabo-tage it as retribution for the country not agreeing to overturn the Affordable Care Act, which now enjoys widespread popularity across the country. This de-liberate campaign of sabotage—begin-ning the first day Trump got into office with an Executive order, leading up to these last 2 weeks in which the Trump Justice Department is trying to rule that protecting people with preexisting conditions is unconstitutional—has had an impact. It has had an impact. I want to quickly run through what we have seen thus far with respect to premium increases all across this coun-try as a result of the Trump adminis-tration’s and Republicans’ campaign of sabotage. First is in Maryland. The highest in-crease we saw in Maryland—these were announced about a month ago—was one plan announcing a 91-percent in-crease—in 1 year, one time, a 91-per-cent increase. It is almost a doubling of premiums for a PPO plan in Maryland that was primarily being used by peo-ple with preexisting conditions, people who were sick. The reason this plan is going up by 91 percent is because, as the Trump ad-ministration and this Congress take steps to move healthy people off of in-surance plans to either no insurance at all or to junk plans, only sick people or people with preexisting conditions are left on plans like the CareFirst PPO plan. A 91-percent increase. Who in Maryland with any kind of middle- class income can afford a 91-percent in-crease? Virginia is not much better. In Vir-ginia, at about the same time, one plan asked for a 64-percent increase. Again, I don’t know many families who are making $30,000 a year who can afford a 1-year, 64-percent increase in pre-miums. Remember, overall, medical inflation in this country—meaning on a percent-age basis, the amount of increase in medical costs from year to year—is about 6 percent. So if you were just passing along the costs to your con-sumers, the rate should be somewhere in the neighborhood of 5, 6, or 7 per-cent. Instead, in Virginia, it is 64 per-cent. Senator M
ERKLEY is going to talk about Oregon, but premiums in Oregon are going up by double digits—14 per-cent. Washington State is looking at a pre-mium increase of 30 percent. The Kai-ser plan in Washington is asking for a 30-percent increase. The statewide av-erage is right around 20 percent. Kai-ser, in Washington, says: ‘‘The rate changes shown are primarily driven by the claims experience of the single risk pool, medical inflation, and projected changes in the risk profile of the mem-bership due to the elimination of the individual mandate.’’ That is the change that Republicans made to the Affordable Care Act. You are actually in decent shape in Maine, so I will give you the good news too. In Maine, you are only seeing a 10- percent increase in premiums—just slightly above the rate of medical in-flation. In one of the more popular States in the country, New York, the news is catastrophic—a 39-percent increase in premiums in the largest health insur-ance plan in New York. Fidelis, which is on the State healthcare insurance exchange, is asking for a 39-percent in-crease. Let me read to you what the New York Department of Financial Services said about this requested 39-percent in-crease: With respect to the individual market, the single biggest justification offered by insur-ers for the requested increases is the Trump Administration’s repeal of the individual mandate penalty. The individual mandate, a key component of the Affordable Care Act, helped mitigate against dramatic price in-creases by ensuring healthier insurance pools. Insurers have attributed approxi-mately half of their requested rate increases to the risks they see resulting from its re-peal. 
It is not as if the Republicans in this body didn’t know what was going to happen. The CBO said that rates will go up by at least 10 percent in the first year if you repeal that part of the Af-fordable Care Act and 13 million people will lose insurance. That is what hap-pens when rates go up by 40 percent. Some people just cannot afford to pay it. So whether the number is 39 or 91 or 64, these rate increases that are hap-pening because of this campaign of sab-otage by the Trump administration are simply unaffordable. Before I turn this over to Senator M
ERKLEY , let me quickly run through what I am talking about. In January 2017, President Trump signs an Executive order telling all his agencies to dismantle the ACA, despite the fact that Congress didn’t repeal the Affordable Care Act and never would appeal the Affordable Care Act. In April of 2017, he cuts open enroll-ment in half for the Affordable Care Act just to try to make sure that fewer people can sign up for health insur-ance. In May, Republicans start voting to try to take insurance away from 23 million people. Actually, one of the proposals would have taken insurance away from 30 million people. In Decem-ber of 2017, they finally settle on legis-lation that takes insurance away from 13 million people and drives costs up by at least 10 percent. In February of this year, the Trump administration starts to allow insur-ance companies to expand the use of junk plans. These are plans that cover very little. They might not cover pre-scription drugs or mental health or ad-diction care, but they are cheaper, so healthy people tend to move to these plans, leaving the sick people on the plans that are now going up by 39 per-cent. The final cherry on top is that right now as we speak, the administration is making an argument before the Su-preme Court that the remaining scraps of the Affordable Care Act that the Re-publicans left are unconstitutional. The protection for people with pre-existing conditions, which Trump promised over and over and over again to keep—Lesley Stahl pinned him down in a ‘‘60 Minutes’’ interview and asked: You are going to keep protection for people with preexisting conditions, right? You are going to keep the part of the Affordable Care Act that is wild-ly popular, aren’t you? He said: Yes, I am going to keep that part. In fact, he has now instructed his De-partment of Justice to break precedent and argue the unconstitutionality of a statute of the United States, that stat-ute being the portion of the Affordable Care Act that protects people with pre-existing conditions. Believe me, insurance companies are paying attention to this unending withering assault on the Affordable Care Act and the American healthcare system. That is why we are seeing these big premium increases. We want to make sure that our col-leagues understand what is happening here and that the American public un-derstands what is happening here. These increases in healthcare costs are unprecedented, but they are not sur-prising, given what this administration and what this Congress have been doing. With that, I yield the floor, seeing that Senator MERKLEY is ready to speak. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague for letting us come down to talk about the trumped-up healthcare prices in America. It is trumped up because the prices are going up specifically because of the policies of President Trump and his team. The sabotage is at full speed. Long before the sabotage occurred, in 2017, here on the floor of the Senate, we had five different versions of trying to wipe out healthcare for American citi-zens. They varied in range from wiping out healthcare for 22 million Ameri-cans to wiping out healthcare for 30 million Americans. How is it that in a ‘‘we the people’’ republic, people can come down here and vote to wipe out healthcare for millions of people across this country? Quite simply, we have a team in power that believes in government by and for the powerful and the rich. They have healthcare, so they don’t care about the rest of us, but we should be here fighting for the ordinary citizen in America. What is more important to peace of mind than the knowledge that if your loved one gets sick or injured, they will get the healthcare they need and you will not go bankrupt in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.043 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3889 June 13, 2018 
process? That is why this is so impor-tant to Americans. Just by a little bit, just by a thin, one-vote margin, we defeated those ef-forts to destroy healthcare last year, in 2017. We thought, thank goodness the people have triumphed for once in this Chamber. But no sooner than that oc-curred, then we had a tax bill—a tax bill that itself was written by and for the wealthy and well connected rather than the people. It borrows $1.5 trillion and gives most of it to the wealthiest of Americans. Embedded in that terrible assault on the finances of America, that terrible failure to address the fundamentals of things that enable families to thrive— healthcare, education, living-wage jobs, and good housing—embedded in that was pulling the plug on the insur-ance pools. What does that mean? It means that the healthiest can jump out of the pool, and when they do that, they leave sicker people, and the price goes up. The price goes up, so more of the healthy people jump out of the pool, and the price goes up. This is known as the insurance death spiral. For ordinary citizens, it is known as double-digit increases in the cost of your healthcare policies brought by these Republicans and Donald Trump with this deliberate effort of sabotage. The sabotage didn’t end with pulling the plug on the insurance pools, no. Then we had the effort to undermine the marketplace, where people can compare policies and get policies that abide by the healthcare bill of rights, the Patients’ Bill of Rights, things like, yes, you can buy a policy at the same price as everyone else even if you have preexisting conditions—that healthcare bill of rights. It is the healthcare bill of rights that allows testing and screening because an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. What is Team Trump doing? Well, they cut the enrollment period in half. They cut funding for outreach by up to 92 percent. They slashed the budget for advertising—so people wouldn’t know that there was an open period and would miss the opportunity to get a healthcare plan—by 90 percent, 9 out of 10 dollars. They put up anti-market-place propaganda. They periodically proceeded to shut down the website so people would get frustrated while try-ing to sign up for insurance. That is a real winner—make it hard for people to sign up for healthcare. Just how bad does it have to get—this attack on or-dinary Americans by this administra-tion, making it difficult, sometimes impossible, for people to sign up for hours at a time, right in the middle of an open enrollment period. They are wiping out the cost-sharing subsidies, so healthcare will be more expensive for people who have the least means. Then we have even more. We have the junk policies—these junk insurance policies that make you feel good, they are very cheap, you can buy them, and they are good for filling your filing cabinet, but when it comes to actually getting healthcare when you are sick or injured, they don’t pay for anything. That is a junk policy. It is really a predatory policy to try to say to peo-ple: Here, buy this, and you have insur-ance—but you don’t really, not when you need it. That really is another as-sault on an ordinary American about the peace of mind of having healthcare when you are injured or when you are sick. So there we are. We thought this as-sault had gone as far as it could pos-sibly go. Someday the people in this country will rise up in an election and proceed to say: We really do believe in that vi-sion of our Constitution, that ‘‘we the people’’ vision of our Constitution of the United States of America; we be-lieve in that vision, and we want an elected body that believes in that vi-sion. But a new assault came just days ago in which the President—who promised to make sure that every healthcare policy was cheaper than it was before, and that turned out to be a lie; the one who said that every person will be cov-ered, and that turned out to be a lie; the one who said that whatever hap-pens, I will absolutely make sure we continue to protect Americans who have preexisting conditions, and they will get the same or better treatment than they have now—issues an order that says: We are not going to defend the requirement that people with pre-existing conditions can get healthcare at the same price as everyone else. What is this called? This is called a sellout. This is called a deception. This is called a whopper. This is called an assault on ordinary Americans when it comes to healthcare. This is why insurance rates are going up all over the country. We are seeing double-digit increases in every State, even my State, which tried to protect ordinary people by wiping out and bar-ring those junk plans but was assaulted by the rest of the sabotage. This isn’t limited just to Connecticut and my State of Oregon; it is State after State after State, including the State of Vir-ginia. Before my colleague from Virginia speaks, I yield to my colleague from Oregon, the senior Senator from Or-egon, who knows this issue so well and who has been in this Chamber fighting for peace of mind in healthcare for year after year after year. This is why we must come together as a nation and re-pair our healthcare system to have a simple, seamless healthcare system that does right. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I don’t want to make this a cake-tossing con-test, but I also want it understood that my colleague from Oregon has done an invaluable service to the country by showing the importance of what is hap-pening at the border, where there is an effort in effect to traumatize children and separate kids from their parents. I look forward to working with my col-league when we do some work on it in Oregon. I certainly don’t want to hold up my friend from Virginia, and I ap-preciate Senator M
URPHY . Before I came to the Congress, I was codirector of the Oregon Gray Pan-thers, a senior citizens group, for about 7 years. Back then, we were talking about ways in which to move forward on healthcare, to advance the rights of our people, to improve the quality of life in this country. There was often a bipartisan coalition to do that, to make those advancements. In the last year, however, there has been an unprecedented effort to turn back the healthcare clock. We see it with the effort to sell junk insurance, which, in effect, involves the Trump Health and Human Services Depart-ment saying to States: Well, it is really pretty much OK to discriminate; just don’t be too obvious about it. Then we saw the effort to strip away the Med-icaid guarantee of nursing home cov-erage for older people. Now, Senator M
URPHY , Senator K
AINE, and my colleagues are here on the floor to talk about the Trump ad-ministration’s efforts to unravel the current law that bars insurance compa-nies from beating the stuffing out of people with preexisting conditions. That is the way it used to be, folks. If you had a preexisting condition and you weren’t healthy or wealthy—and that is what you face if you have a pre-existing condition—you were really in bad shape. If you are healthy, you pay your bills—and you don’t have bills. If you are wealthy, you pay the bills. But millions who have preexisting condi-tions would just get clobbered with premium hikes, so they couldn’t get coverage at all. Finally, we said in the Affordable Care Act: We are actually going to start moving the clock forward, and we are going to bar insurance companies from discriminating against those with preexisting conditions. This is particu-larly important for the 67 million women under 65, an enormous number of women in this country who have a preexisting condition, and they have, over the last few years, counted on the healthcare protections I just described in the Affordable Care Act as a healthcare safety net, as a backstop— protections that say they can’t be charged more because they need mater-nity care and other essential services, protections that say they can’t be de-nied coverage due to a preexisting con-dition, and that means everything from ovarian cancer to asthma. Every year, those who switch jobs or stop working, perhaps to take care of a loved one— and women often perform those roles— now have the assurance that they can have the mobility of being able to move up in the workforce if they live in Virginia or Connecticut or Oregon and they see the opportunity to get a better job. If they have a preexisting condition, without these protections, they are locked in. They are locked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.044 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3890 June 13, 2018 
into the workforce. What we are saying is that we want these protections to stay so that women and all Americans have the opportunity to secure ad-vancements when they have the skills and talents to move on to another job. These fundamental healthcare rights will disappear if the President and the Republican State attorneys general are able to unravel the law of the land. This is really a head-scratcher, folks. It is one thing for an administration to say to Senator K
AINE or to Senator M
URPHY that they want to come to the Congress, they want to come to the ap-propriate committees—my colleagues serve on one of them, and I serve on the other—and say: We want to pass a law that changes preexisting condition policy. We wouldn’t be for it, but at least that is a legitimate debate. They are not talking about doing that. They are not talking about coming to Con-gress. Do you know why they are not com-ing to the Congress? Because they know their effort to unravel pre-existing condition policy would not have a pulse up here. They wouldn’t be able to get any traction for it. So what they are doing is going through the back door. They are trying to use a very complicated legal process—and it is going to be very hard to follow— about the Supreme Court and the pur-chase requirements and the tax and the like. But make no mistake about it, this is an effort to unravel the law of the land to deny protections to women—protections that ensure that if they have a preexisting condition, they don’t have to go to bed at night in pure panic, worried that they could wake up in the morning and they could lose ev-erything. I will have plenty more to say about it. This is especially important because it escalates the Trump administra-tion’s campaign of healthcare discrimi-nation against American women. This is really going to take a toll on 67 mil-lion women under 65—people who, as I have said, without this protection are going to go to bed at night, in my view, with an enormous fear and an enor-mous sense of uncertainty of what is ahead, where they could lose every-thing. With that, I thank my colleagues for their courtesy and Senator M
URPHY for bringing these efforts to the floor so frequently. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I would also like to rise to talk about this im-portant issue of healthcare. I have heard my colleagues, Senator M
URPHY , Senator M ERKLEY , and Sen-ator W
YDEN , and I know Senator M UR-
RAYwill speak in a minute. We are fo-cusing on the great damage this admin-istration is doing to the healthcare of Americans. I thought maybe I could inject just a little bit of good news into this discus-sion. The good news I want to describe is positive advances that are still tak-ing place because of the Affordable Care Act, despite the best efforts of the administration to kill the Affordable Care Act. Because Senate colleagues joined to-gether on the floor nearly a year ago to defeat efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act, even as the sabotage has been going on, there has been an ad-vance in my State that is very signifi-cant. Two weeks ago, my State legisla-ture, after a 4-year debate, decided to become the 33rd State to accept Med-icaid expansion. Mr. President and my colleagues, if you want to know whether what you do in this Chamber matters, that vote in August of last year that preserved the Affordable Care Act enabled my State to embrace Medicaid expansion, and in one stroke of one vote, 400,000 Vir-ginians have the ability now to have healthcare maybe for the first time in their lives. That is nearly 5 percent of our population. These are working-age adults, most of them—many of them—working mul-tiple jobs, but they have not been able to afford health insurance. But because this body saved the Affordable Care Act, we were able to, in the stroke of a vote, provide health insurance to 400,000 people—people who now know they can be taken care of if they get injured or if they are in an accident. Even if they are completely healthy, they have peace of mind and don’t go to bed at night with the anxiety of what is going to happen to my family if I am in an accident or what will hap-pen to my wife if she gets ill. The Affordable Care Act is not just holding in the face of this sabotage ef-fort by the Trump administration; it is actually still advancing in places like Virginia. A number of other States have referenda on the ballot to do ex-actly what Virginia just did. We do not need to stand still; we need to defeat sabotage, and then we need to move ahead. My colleagues have stressed the var-ious ways in which the Trump adminis-tration has tried to undermine the healthcare of Americans, and I don’t need to go over them at length: lim-iting enrollment periods, limiting mar-keting, eliminating the individual mandate, and injecting uncertainty over the payment of cost-sharing. All of those things are leading insurance companies to increase rates. When they announced rate increases in my State recently, some insurance companies want to increase rates by as much as 64 percent. The good news is—at least if there is any good news—they are not being shy about explaining the reason. They are telling us exactly the reason they are increasing the rates. They are increas-ing rates because of specific, identified policies of this administration to pun-ish Americans and raise their health insurance costs. That is what the in-surance companies are stating. As Senator W
YDEN mentioned, now Republicans are in court with the ad-ministration to try to defeat the pro-tection the Affordable Care Act gave to people with preexisting conditions. These are not just a few people in my State or nationally; these are tens of millions of Americans, Virginians who have cancer, diabetes, or even lesser conditions that in the past—and poten-tially in a Trump administration fu-ture—could get kicked to the curb as a result. I want to tell my colleagues one story about preexisting conditions be-cause it is my family’s story. Then I will conclude because I want my Sen-ate colleague from Washington, who has been a leader on this effort, to offer her perspective. When we think about preexisting conditions, there are all kinds of them, but some people don’t know how broad-ly this definition has been used by in-surance companies to basically deny anybody coverage if they can think of a single reason or a simple reason to do so. I am not going to get into my own family’s medical history, but I just want to tell you this. My wife and I have three children. There are five of us. I would submit that we have to be virtually the healthiest family in the United States because the only hos-pitalizations for the five of us in our lives, as a family of five, have been three childbirths, with my wife being in the hospital three times to deliver healthy children. Right after the Affordable Care Act passed, when the ban on discriminating against someone with preexisting con-ditions was going into effect, for the first time, neither my wife nor I had a job with an employer that was offering a group plan so we needed to try to buy insurance on the individual market. My wife is a super diligent consumer and made numerous calls, and two in-surance companies turned us down be-cause of preexisting conditions. One was a preexisting condition of mine, though not serious enough ever to put me in a hospital, and one was because of a preexisting condition of one of my kids, also not sufficient to put that youngster in a hospital. In both instances, the insurance com-pany said: Well, we will write a policy for some of your family, but we will not write it for all of your family. Safety tip: Do not tell my wife you will write an insurance policy but not for one of her three kids. That is not a good thing to do. When my wife heard that, she said: I want to know whom I am speaking to because what you are suggesting to me is against the law. No, it is not against the law. It is company policy. We can turn your child down, Ms. Holton. We can turn your child down. No, you can’t. Put a supervisor on the line. The supervisor got on the line. My wife said: This is now against the law. You cannot turn my child down because of a preexisting condition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.045 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3891 June 13, 2018 
After some ‘‘backing-and-forthing’’ and the ruffling of pages, I guess, in an insert in the employee manual, the em-ployee said: You are right. We can’t turn you down. We apologize. That pol-icy that we told you could be for four can now be for five. If this can happened to a family like mine who had never even had a hos-pitalization for any illness or injury, other than delivering a child—this was happening over and over again—why would this administration want to re-turn to those days? It is shocking and heartless, and we are going to do every-thing we can in the court and in Con-gress, as well as together in dialogue with the public, to make sure this im-portant protection is not ripped out of the hands of American families. Congress needs to act to stop the Trump administration sabotage, to preserve the Affordable Care Act. I hope we will take up the Murray-Alex-ander bill. It will stabilize the insur-ance market through provision of rein-surance, through guarantee of cost- sharing payments. There is no reason we can’t take this up. Then we need to move ahead even further on proposals like the bill I have with Senator B
EN-
NET, the Medicare-X bill, to make sure every person in this country can buy a Medicare policy, a policy developed by Medicare on the individual insurance exchange, if they choose. I am glad to be joined together with colleagues who are so passionate about protecting the healthcare of American families. Based on the results in Vir-ginia, which avoided Medicare expan-sion for years only to finally wake up and realize we need to do it, I know we will prevail in this effort because it is what the American public wants us to do. Mr. President, I would love to yield the floor to my colleague from Wash-ington. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I wish to thank my colleague from Virginia for his personal, compelling reason why what the administration is doing is so wrong. That could happen to anyone, and does happen to everyone, and I so appreciate that. I thank my colleague from Con-necticut for bringing us together today to highlight this. There is so much going on in the country, and we don’t want this to get lost because it will im-pact every single family. We are here today to talk about President Trump’s ongoing effort to sabotage healthcare for literally mil-lions of families in our country. As we talked about last week, the Trump- Pence administration showed, once again, that there is no limit to how low and how baseless they will go to appeal to extreme Republican donors and their special interests. President Trump’s Department of Justice announced it will ignore years of precedent and abandon its duty to defend our laws in court. It will aban-don our laws that prevent insurers from denying people with preexisting conditions coverage or charging people more because of their gender or raising premiums without limit for seniors. This decision also makes it clear President Trump is ignoring the les-sons he should have learned last year. Around this time last year, Repub-licans were trying to jam through the President’s partisan healthcare bill, filled with proposals that would have scrapped those patient protections, spiked premiums and healthcare costs, imposed an age tax on our seniors, gut-ted Medicaid, and thrown our entire healthcare system into chaos. The TrumpCare bill ultimately failed as people across the country stood up, spoke out loudly, and made it very clear they didn’t support President Trump’s sabotage agenda. President Trump didn’t listen. Instead, he has continued to undermine healthcare for our families at every available oppor-tunity, and Republicans have been lockstep with them the entire way; like when President Trump expanded loopholes to allow junk insurance plans that don’t include important consumer protections; like when congressional Republicans jammed through a par-tisan tax bill to undermine our healthcare laws; like when President Trump announced radical new restric-tions on Federal family planning fund-ing based on ideology that would result in less access to healthcare for millions of women across the Nation and a gag rule that will interfere with providers’ ability to talk about the full range of reproductive health service with their patients. Those steps were all designed to make it harder for women and fami-lies to get the care they need. Last week, President Trump’s admin-istration took yet another step to un-dermine the healthcare system. In a nearly unprecedented move, the Trump administration announced it would no longer defend the Affordable Care Act in court. The Trump administration announced it would abandon the parts of the law that prevent healthcare dis-crimination against women, against seniors, and against those with pre-existing conditions. That decision goes against years of legal precedent. It goes against, for sure, the wishes of families across the country who want their government to care about pa-tients, not partisan politics. It even goes against the promises of many Re-publicans who claimed they were going to fight for those important patient protections. Republicans may not be listening, but I have to tell you, families across the country have been speaking up loud and clear. They want us to fight for them and for their healthcare poli-cies that can help them get the care they need. While President Trump and Attorney General Sessions have never fought for patients—as their latest de-cision makes abundantly clear—Demo-crats have never stopped fighting for them, and we are not going to stop now. We remain dedicated to working to-ward commonsense solutions that help bring our healthcare costs down and begin to fix some of this damage that has been done by President Trump. We actually had a bipartisan deal that would have accomplished that goal, but, unfortunately, Republican leaders made very clear from the start they are not interested in lowering pre-miums, they are not interested in sta-bilizing our marketplace, and they are not interested in fixing this problem. Instead, they are interested in helping special interests, they are interested in donors, and they are interested in ca-tering to the extreme right. Despite their move to throw a wrench in our important bipartisan work, I want you to know Democrats are at the table, and we will be here all of August ready to work to fix this for families in Washington State and across the country. I hope, going for-ward, cooler heads will prevail and Re-publicans will return to the table and join us on finding solutions to lower patients’ costs and strengthen healthcare in our country rather than continuing to help President Trump sabotage it. That is what the people in my State want. I know that is what families across the country want. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I have always said our Nation’s current healthcare system is in need of repair. That is why we keep coming back to try to fix it and make it better. Every West Virginian deserves access to qual-ity, affordable healthcare, and I am very concerned our country is at risk of moving backward instead of forward. When people ask why I voted against repealing the healthcare law, I always say it is because we need to make sure those with preexisting conditions don’t go bankrupt paying for basic healthcare. Most people today, if they don’t have insurance, and especially those who have had preexisting insur-ance, are one healthcare crisis away from bankruptcy. What is happening today is an unfortunate political move. The only reason this lawsuit is moving forward is because my friends on the other side have failed more than 50 times trying to repeal it. On top of that, the tax cut bill that just went through had this in it, repealing basi-cally the mandate on healthcare, which throws it into turmoil and is why we are in a lawsuit right now. Right now, 20 State attorneys gen-eral, including the attorney general of West Virginia, are suing to allow insur-ance companies to once again deny coverage to West Virginians with pre-existing conditions. Every single time they voted for repeal, this is exactly what they were trying to achieve. What makes this worse is we have a bipartisan compromise, led by Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY , with 12 Republicans and 12 Democrats. This bill includes important steps that will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.047 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3892 June 13, 2018 
help reduce healthcare costs for West Virginia families, and this agreement shows what is possible when we put people before politics. What we did is, after the last repeal on the floor failed, we got together and put a fix in. We have a reinsurance program. We have a way to maintain and try to educate people on how they would use their healthcare, their newfound wealth in healthcare, in a more effective and effi-cient way. This is what we should be doing, but, no, there is a political promise to re-peal so we keep fighting every angle there is that is being thrown at us. Now there is this last one going through the court system—and having also the judicial system being involved to stop this horrible scourge on the people of my State and all across the country. Let me tell you how many West Vir-ginians are impacted. In a State with a little over 1,800,000, this one move right here affects 800,000 West Virginians. We are talking with people who have all types of things that could exist. They could have a child with a heart defect, asthma, you name it. They are going to be able to say: I am sorry, preexisting. We are not going to insure you or the cost will be so high you can’t afford it. We are impacting too many West Vir-ginians. On Monday, I asked them to share their stories with me and my of-fice—people, real people with whom you can put a face, a name, a story, and also have some empathy for. I am going to read a few letters, if I may. I have one from Kim Kramer from Par-kersburg. She said: 
Dear Senator M ANCHIN , Again, I find myself writing to plea for a sane policy related to healthcare for my family, my friends, my community, my country and myself. When healthcare policy is centered around quick profits at the cost of the long term health of citizens, a medical tsunami is sure to follow. I live with my adult son who was born with Down Syndrome. He is 33 and I am 60. He is healthy for now but does have a couple of pre-existing conditions and risk factors which could very possibly need attention as he grows older. The mere thought that I would have to pay out of pocket for his healthcare due to policy changes in the years to come is mind boggling. Perhaps today his care is not directly on the table, but it has been this past year and will most likely be again. I am at pre-retirement age. I work full time and am in good health. But I take medi-cation to maintain a healthy blood pressure. That is already a pre-existing condition. Medicare is still down the road for me. As a nurse, I know the importance of screening for certain conditions. But removing coverage of pre-existing con-ditions puts me in a very real catch 22 situa-tion. If I go for recommended health screenings and a condition is found, I would be covered by my current insurance. If my employment situation should change, as is possible for any of us, then I would have a pre-existing condition that would either not be covered or would make my premium so high that I would have to wonder if I will be able to pro-vide for other basic needs like appropriate housing. Many in my family, my circle of friends, my community and state would be in this terrible predicament. Any diagnosis would be a barrier to treat-ment in essence. No insurance company ap-parently wants to cover sick people! Makes me wonder why we would call it insurance at all! Perhaps in Washington, too many of you have lost touch with the very real stress and anxiety that is created when healthcare ac-cessibility is unobtainable. Do any of you understand what is it is like to live wondering when the medical tsunami will come? Because not having healthcare coverage is like that. You hope that the wave won’t strike but it’s just beyond the horizon and you have no idea if or when it is coming, or how to survive it. The current mandate for coverage of pre- existing conditions assures better health and prevention treatments; better outcomes and decreased expenses. It gives us all some peace of mind if we become ill and allows us to focus on getting healthy. Please care about our people. Please keep mandated coverage of pre-ex-isting conditions. Thank you. I have Katelyn from Elkview. 
Dear Senator M ANCHIN , I am a 22 year old West Virginian who grew up in northern Kanawha County near Clendenin. I was diagnosed with anorexia when I was 13, and have struggled with it for years. I am thankful that the ACA created provisions that will allow me to remain on my parents’ health insurance until I am 26, but worry that my pre-existing condition could prevent me from getting insured in the future. Losing health insurance would mean me losing access to my mental health medica-tion as well as making it really difficult to access further treatment should I have a re-lapse. I also worry about how lack of coverage for my preexisting condition could prevent me from affording care in the future. I hope to devote my life to public service, which is very fulfilling but does not pay well enough for me to afford to pay high medical bills. This is something that particularly worries me as I get older and am thinking about whether I will be able to afford to start a family. I hope that you will continue to defend the Affordable Care Act, particularly its provi-sions that protect people with preexisting conditions and women’s health generally. 
Larry from Lewisburg writes: 
Shortly after being diagnosed with cancer in my mid-forties, the health insurance com-pany I paid for coverage went bankrupt. Faced with a preexisting condition, I was un-insured until I began receiving Medicare, about 20 years later, even though I had been therapeutically treated and had no symp-toms or return of tumors for most of that time. An adult stepdaughter has MS, epilepsy, and multiple other health challenges. She works full time, and the end of preexisting condition insurance protection would be life- threatening. 
My final letter is from Marie-Claire from Bruceton Mills, who writes: 
Dear Senator M ANCHIN , my daughter was diagnosed with lupus shortly after ObamaCare became reality. I was able to se-cure affordable health insurance for her from that day forward [because of the Affordable Care Act]. Lupus is an autoimmune disease that can— and eventually will—affect any part of the body at any time. An insurance company faced with under-writing my daughter simply will not insure her—ever—unless mandated by our govern-ment to cover preexisting conditions. Simple as that. She has had multiple late night trips to the emergency room that would have bank-rupted her had she not been covered. Please do not forget her when you tell sto-ries on the Senate floor. This is not about Democrats or Re-publicans; this is about all of us. We all face this in our States, that of moving down this pathway because of not en-forcing this part of the Affordable Care Act, when we have a fix—truly, a Democratic-Republican fix, bipar-tisan—led by L
AMAR ALEXANDER , our Senator from Tennessee, and P
ATTY  M
URRAY , our Senator from the State of Washington. This is a shame. This is a tough place, especially when you have solu-tions to fix the problems that chal-lenge all of us. That is all we are ask-ing for. Please be considerate of these people. Please do not throw caution to the wind or throw the baby out with the bath water and 800,000 West Vir-ginians who would lose their insurance. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Pennsyl-vania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to address the national defense authoriza-tion bill that is under consideration and that we will probably be wrapping up this week. First, I will address an amendment that Senator C
ORKER and I have filed. It is an amendment that is related to the topic at hand, which is our secu-rity, because it is an amendment that would restore to Congress the author-ity to have the final word on the de-ployment of tariffs—taxes on American consumers—when purchasing goods that originate overseas, tariffs that are implemented, imposed, with the jus-tification that our national security depends upon it. These are often re-ferred to as the ‘‘section 232 tariffs’’ be-cause of the section of trade law that authorizes these tariffs. The short version is that I think we ought to be having a debate and a vote on whether this responsibility that the Constitution clearly gives to Congress should be restored to Congress. It is my view that it should be. Senator C
ORKER  and I have sought a vote on this. At this point, it appears that despite bi-partisan support for this amendment, we may not be able to have a vote, but I think we should. I also think we should seriously consider continuing debate on the national defense author-ization bill until such time as we are able to address this important amend-ment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2700 
The other amendment I will discuss is an amendment I have offered which will get a vote. It will get a vote to-morrow, and I urge my colleagues to support this. Let me start by remind-ing my colleagues of something that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.049 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3893 June 13, 2018 
hope we all learned a long time ago, and that is the very first provision of the U.S. Constitution after the pre-amble, the very first operative portion of our Constitution. Article I, section 1 states: ‘‘All legis-lative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ I can’t think of a more clear, succinct, straightforward, and unambiguous way to make the point that writing laws is in Congress’s domain, is Congress’s re-sponsibility. In the course of writing laws, some-times we delegate some of that author-ity. Sometimes we delegate it to our staff members. We ask them to do the drafting. We are still responsible be-cause we are Members of Congress. Sometimes we delegate it to the execu-tive branch, and we call that rule-making. We authorize the relevant agencies or Cabinets to develop the rules that will implement the legisla-tion, but I would argue strenuously that that is still part of the legislative function. As such, it is a delegation, but it should not be an abdication of our responsibility. Congress should ac-cept the responsibility for this rule-making, and we should be accountable for it because that is part of our job. That brings me to the Defense au-thorization bill, specifically to title XVII. There is a section called the For-eign Investment Risk Review Mod-ernization Act. This is a dramatic ex-pansion of the authority given to CFIUS under existing law. CFIUS is an acronym that stands for the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States. There is this big expan-sion of authority that CFIUS gets. Part of the way in which this underlying bill, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, expands CFIUS’s authority is by the huge delegation of legislative authority it grants the administration. It grants the administration enormous discretion to develop the rules by which this expansion of power will be implemented. Let me explain briefly what CFIUS is all about. CFIUS—this Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States—is charged under existing law with reviewing foreign investments in America, foreign-based companies that choose to or wish to invest in an Amer-ican company. If there is a national se-curity concern involving the invest-ment, if there is a risk that is identi-fied, then CFIUS—this committee—is charged with recommending that the President block the transaction if it is considered to be a threat to our secu-rity. Under existing law, the President has the authority, in fact, to block such a transaction. For instance, if a Russian company were attempting to purchase Lockheed Martin, which is a big de-fense contractor and a big supplier of very important, sensitive, and ad-vanced military equipment to our armed services, our Armed Forces, in such a case, CFIUS would take, I think, a pretty quick review of that and recommend a no. The President would almost certainly block such a transaction. We understand there is a sensible need for this committee to exist and to do its work. So let’s get back to the underlying legislation before us. Under existing law, under current law, the range of transactions that CFIUS can review for this purpose of determining whether it is a threat to our national security is pretty narrow. It is fairly narrow. I think there are le-gitimate concerns that it is too nar-row, especially considering aggressive and even hostile acts that are taken under the auspices of the Chinese Gov-ernment to acquire sensitive American technology. As I say, there is this dele-gation of authority to broaden that. I would argue that this rulemaking— the decisions that CFIUS will make as it implements and develops these rules that we are going to empower it to de-velop—is really going to decide which kinds of transactions will be permitted to go forward and which ones will not. The rulemaking—not so much the leg-islation itself but the subsequent rule-making—is going to really set the scope of CFIUS’s review and its proc-ess. There are many rulemakings re-quired of the CFIUS committee through this legislation. Here are a couple of examples. A passive investment by a foreign- based entity—a passive investment in a U.S. company—is meant to be excluded from a CFIUS review. That would be allowed. That would not be subject to a review. Yet, guess what, CFIUS gets to define what constitutes a passive in-vestment. That is a pretty big power. A second example is that of critical infrastructure and technology compa-nies. Those are the companies that we are concerned about, right? Critical in-frastructure and technology companies are the ones that have sensitive tech-nology that we might not want to have fall into hostile hands. That is the cat-egory in which there is an automatic trigger for a CFIUS review. Guess what. CFIUS is going to write the rules to decide what constitutes a critical infrastructure and technology company. I don’t know what it is going to conclude. I am pretty sure that if you are the manufacturer of a chip that goes into a very cutting-edge mili-tary application—that almost cer-tainly would be a technology company we would want on the list. Yet it says critical infrastructure. What about a power company that produces elec-tricity that feeds into our grid? What about a company that provides a mu-nicipal water supply? What about a supplier to one of those companies or a consultant to one of those companies? I think you could ask a lot of inter-esting questions about what kinds of companies ought to qualify, and we have delegated that. That will be de-cided by someone else. That will be in the rulemaking process. Then there is the case of who must submit a form to CFIUS for a trans-action, who must go under CFIUS re-view, and there is some criteria in the legislation. The final catchall is that CFIUS will have the authority, as it sees fit, to re-quire these reviews for other trans-actions. What could be more broad and sweeping than that? Basically, CFIUS can itself decide to write the rules in such a way that it will have the power to review any transaction it wants. This is really remarkable in terms of how much power is being delegated to the executive branch to write these rules. The rules could be written in a way that they are written too broadly, and if they are too broad, it could have a chilling effect on foreign direct invest-ment in the United States. It is a huge source of jobs and economic growth when foreigners bring their capital to the United States and invest it here be-cause America is one of the most at-tractive places in the world to invest. On the other hand, if they write these rules too narrowly, it could be that CFIUS will not have sufficient author-ity, and transactions that we ought to be blocking will not get blocked be-cause the rules will have been written too narrowly. There is no Member of the Senate who can know in advance whether the rulemaking is going to strike the right balance. That is what we need here. That is what we want. What we want is the right balance so that we are stop-ping the transactions from bad actors but permitting the transactions from harmless sources that will help our economy. Since we can’t know in advance whether this rulemaking will be done in the appropriate fashion, why wouldn’t we insist on the responsibility of overseeing this and, in fact, on hav-ing the final say to make sure that this is done properly, that the right balance is struck? In fact, isn’t that our respon-sibility under the constitutional au-thority and responsibility given to us? This is what my amendment is all about. My amendment would simply require Congress to approve the major rules—not every last rule but all of the important, major rules that CFIUS would develop—pursuant to this legis-lation that we are probably going to pass later this week. Congress would have to approve it before it could go into effect. It would be approved by a simple majority vote, and it would not be subject to a filibuster. There would be a strict time limit so that Congress would have to respond quickly when the rules are finished, and if Congress were to reject one of the rules, CFIUS could modify it so we could get to a conclusion. My amendment does not give Con-gress the power to consider individual transactions—that shouldn’t be in our domain—and it doesn’t authorize Con-gress to review every rule, as I say, only the major rules, which is to say 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.051 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3894 June 13, 2018 
those which would have a big impact on our economy. So what are the practical con-sequences if my amendment were to be adopted? It would simply ensure that the administration would work with us as they were adopting the rules. Know-ing that they needed to pass these rules in the House and the Senate, they would consult with us and say: Hey, this is what we are thinking in terms of how we define critical infrastructure and sensitive technology, and here is what we are thinking about what would constitute a path of investment. In all of the other cases in which they were making big decisions they would run them by us. We would have a dia-logue, and we would get to a place where there was an agreement. That is what would happen, and, actually, that is exactly what should happen. I have heard some concerns expressed about my amendment. Some have said: Well, wait a minute. If you get your amendment passed, Congress will never approve of these rules. I couldn’t disagree more. Congress is about to vote overwhelmingly. We voted in committee unanimously to grant CFIUS this broad new authority. The Members of this body overwhelm-ingly think that we should broaden the range of transactions subject to CFIUS review. Why wouldn’t we support sen-sible rulemaking that would allow CFIUS to do what we have asked them to do? So I think it is extremely im-plausible that Congress wouldn’t sup-port this. Others have suggested: Well, you don’t really need this because you have the CRA, or the Congressional Review Act, as a mechanism that allows you to repeal a rule if Congress doesn’t like it. The CRA wouldn’t work in this case at all because the CRA requires the President to sign a bill repealing a re-cently passed rule. What President is going to sign a bill repealing a rule or regulation that his administration just passed? The CRA works when there is a change of administration. When the Trump administration came in, work-ing together with Congress, the Presi-dent and we repealed a number of regu-lations from the previous administra-tion. But a President isn’t going to sign a law repealing his own regula-tions. So I want to appeal to my colleagues, maybe for different reasons, to support this legislation. For my Republican colleagues, 39 of us are cosponsors of the REINS Act. The REINS Act would require congressional review of every regulation throughout the entire gov-ernment. Every time a major new rule is passed under the REINS Act, Con-gress would have to vote before it would go into effect. If the REINS Act that 39 of my Re-publican Senate colleagues have co-sponsored were the law, we wouldn’t have this conversation because this legislation would come automatically under the REINS Act and automati-cally require that major rulemakings would come back for a vote. So I can’t for the life of me understand why Re-publicans who support the REINS Act wouldn’t support this, and I hope all of my Republican colleagues will. I would appeal to my Democratic col-leagues, as well, for the simple, funda-mental reason that this is our responsi-bility. We should accept the responsi-bility that the Constitution assigns to us. That is No. 1, first and foremost. But, also, let’s be honest. A big major-ity of our Democratic colleagues voted against confirming several of the mem-bers of CFIUS. A big majority of Demo-crats voted against confirming the Treasury Secretary, Mr. Mnuchin. They voted against confirming Attor-ney General Sessions. They voted against confirming Secretary of State Pompeo. Those three individuals are on CFIUS, and the Treasury Secretary is the chairman of it. So if my Demo-cratic colleagues have such serious res-ervations about the work product that would come from these individuals that they voted against confirming them, one would think they would want the opportunity to have some say on their work product. That is what this is about. So I can’t imagine that my Democratic colleagues would take the position that they must not have any say over the Trump administration’s rulemaking. They have never suggested so much confidence in this administra-tion that they would want to forego that opportunity. So I would hope that my Democratic colleagues could join me in this as well. What this comes down to is that I think we should accept responsibility for the work we do and the work we delegate. Let’s make sure that this really important and necessary expan-sion of CFIUS authority is done right. The way we do that is that we make sure that Congress has the final say over the rulemaking. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, as ev-eryone in this Chamber knows, passing the Defense authorization bill is a tra-dition that has taken place without interruption for 56 years. That means that, regardless of political party or the disagreements we may have on other issues, we can agree on this: the importance of a strong national de-fense. This year, we consider the National Defense Authorization Act against the backdrop of a changing world. America faces challenges from nations seeking to upend our rules-based international order. These nations aim to undermine the United States and her allies and disrupt the American-led system of international commerce and security that has been the foundation of global prosperity since the end of World War II. America is at a crossroads, and as we look out at the forces that threaten our security, we need to be ready to de-fend our way of life. In Europe, a newly emboldened Russia under the control of Putin seeks every opportunity to exert its malign influence, undermine de-mocracies, flaunt international law, and bully our NATO allies. In Asia, ex-pansionist China is working to coerce its neighbors, invest millions in mili-tary modernization, construct illegal artificial islands, and challenge Amer-ican leadership across the globe. In short, we have reentered an era of great power competition. If we value our security and our pros-perity, we must be prepared to support the men and women of our military so that they are able to win in this envi-ronment. Earlier this year, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis presented Con-gress with a national defense strategy. This blueprint for the Nation’s defense thoroughly emphasizes the fact that interstate competition is now the focus of our U.S. national security. The pri-orities laid out in the NDS provide a road map for confronting these chal-lenges head-on. Now is the time to fund them. That is why I am proud to stand be-fore you in support of the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act. With this legislation, we take im-portant steps to ensure that our Na-tion’s defense is ready to deter and de-feat great-power adversaries. This year’s NDAA provides $716 billion in fiscal year 2019 for the national de-fense—a direct investment in building an agile, capable force that is prepared to take on the threats of the 21st cen-tury. This authorization closely aligns with the core tenets of the NDS. It pro-vides keen investments in moderniza-tion priorities to help America defeat threats identified by Secretary Mattis and position our forces to be more le-thal against our major foes. First and foremost, this legislation fully sup-ports the sustainment and the mod-ernization of our nuclear forces. I serve as the chair of the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces, whose jurisdiction includes nuclear forces, missile defense, and the national secu-rity of our space programs. The sub-committee increased investments in each of these areas in order to speed the development of next-generation ca-pabilities and to meet the unfunded priorities of the military service branches and of our warfighters. Additionally, the bill before us today fully supports the administration’s 2018 ‘‘Nuclear Posture Review,’’ which charts a responsible path forward to make sure that our nuclear forces con-tinue to deter strategic attacks on our homeland and also to assure our allies. Across all spectrums, this legislation helps to support the needs of the warfighter and the goals of our na-tional security. At sea, the fiscal year 2019 NDAA in-cludes over $23 billion for shipbuilding, to fully fund 10 new combat ships and accelerate funding for several future 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.052 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3895 June 13, 2018 
ships so that we can continue to ensure free navigation across the world’s oceans. On land, it authorizes more than $1.5 billion to procure 135 Abrams tanks and authorizes $190 million to prototype the next-generation combat vehicle, which is $70 million more than the administration’s request, to ensure that we are prepared to fight and that we are prepared to fight and to win. In the air, it ensures that our forces are ready by authorizing nearly $400 mil-lion for the RC–135 family of intel-ligence, surveillance and reconnais-sance platforms, which are proudly headquartered at the 55th Wing, at Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska. Though the threats of today are pressing, we must continue preparing to meet and defeat the adversaries of tomorrow. That is why this legislation makes significant investments in building the future force. To keep our military a step ahead, this NDAA authorizes an increase of more than $600 million above the ad-ministration’s request for science, technology, and testing programs, in-cluding $75 million for university re-search conducted at innovative loca-tions like the University of Nebraska. All told, the fiscal year 2019 NDAA pro-vides a wide spectrum of investments that will help our military to stay ahead and to ensure that we never have to face an adversary with equal capa-bilities. Just as importantly, this bill dem-onstrates the belief of the Senate that the most important asset in our arse-nal is not a weapons platform but the men and women who wear the uniform. With that in mind, the fiscal year 2019 NDAA provides a 2.6-percent pay raise for members of the Armed Forces, and it authorizes nearly $146 billion for military personnel, including costs of pay, allowances, bonuses, and benefits. We all know that meeting the chal-lenges of tomorrow means having the best talent. It also means having a process in place to incentivize career progress and retain those uniformed servicemembers who excel in their fields. That is why this legislation also makes important, much needed re-forms that will modernize our per-sonnel system. For decades, the per-sonnel management system has re-mained stagnant. Now, with the re-forms included in this bill, we have the opportunity to bring the system in line with the changing needs of the modern military. The fiscal year 2019 NDAA lays the ground work for new career flexibility and provides additional op-portunities for the highest performers to advance, opening doors to allow the best and the brightest to take on to-morrow’s leadership roles. At the end of the day, we must be prepared to face an uncertain future. This bill is about ensuring America’s security in a volatile world. As the na-tional defense strategy made clear, our Nation is faced with ‘‘a security envi-ronment more complex and volatile than any we have experienced in recent memory.’’ I think all of us in this Chamber can agree that this environment requires us to stand united and to stand ready as a nation. For that reason, I am proud to say that this year’s Defense authorization bill expands our capabili-ties across every domain to meet these threats. Ultimately, passing this legis-lation is about fulfilling the promise we made to our men and women in uni-form to give them the best tools to wage the most effective fight and to ensure that America is never out-matched on the battlefield. There may be much uncertainty in this world, but you can count on this: There is no more professional, dedi-cated, or lethal fighting force in the world than the U.S. military. Let’s vote to keep it that way. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN MCCAIN  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, as we consider this year’s National Defense Authorization Act, I rise today to honor my esteemed colleague and friend Senator J
OHN MCCAIN. As a member of the Armed Services Com-mittee for the past 32 years and as chairman for the past 4, Senator M
CCAINhas worked tirelessly to steer this essential legislation through the U.S. Senate. Under Senator M
CCAIN’s leadership, the NDAA has authorized pay raises for troops, invested in modern equipment and advanced training, has helped to restore military readiness, and pro-vided America’s allies the support needed for security missions around the globe. We all know Senator M
CCAIN has been a fixture in the Senate during every NDAA debate. Wagging his finger and raising his voice, he mustered the rest of us to support and defend our troops. He made it a priority to reduce wasteful spending and crack down on waste, fraud, and abuse. Year after year under Senator M
CCAIN’s leadership, the Senate Armed Services Committee has identified bil-lions of dollars in unnecessary spend-ing in the Department of Defense, and because of his efforts, we have rein-vested savings in providing critical military capabilities for warfighters, meeting the unfunded priorities of our service chiefs and our combatant com-manders, and supporting critical na-tional security priorities. The fact that Congress has approved the NDAA legislation every year that he has been involved in this process speaks to his ability to unite his col-leagues around what matters most. While Senator M
CCAIN is missed here—his physical presence is missed— his influence and legacy will remain for years to come in this body and, cer-tainly, with this important legislation. NOMINATIONS OF SUSAN BRNOVICH AND DOMINIC  
LANZA  
Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about a nominee who was re-ported to the floor last week, Susan Brnovich. Judge Brnovich has been nominated to be a district judge for the District of Arizona in Phoenix, a seat that badly needs to be filled. Judge Brnovich is absolutely the right person to fill this seat. She has spent her entire legal career rep-resenting the people of Arizona and Maricopa County, and for that, I thank her. Upon confirmation, Judge Brnovich will join the district court bench in Phoenix alongside another highly qualified Arizona nominee, Dominic Lanza, whom the Judiciary Committee reported to the floor in April. Mr. Lanza will fill another seat on the Arizona district court that has re-mained vacant for far too long. He, too, is the right person for the job. Just 2 weeks before the committee considered Mr. Lanza’s nomination, he and his colleagues at the U.S. attor-ney’s office coordinated with Federal and local law enforcement in Phoenix to raid the homes of backpage.com’s owners. They seized the backpage.com website and indicted those responsible for trafficking young girls online through the company’s website. Thanks to Mr. Lanza’s efforts, among others, backpage.com is no longer oper-ational, which means the largest online human trafficking scheme in the coun-try has been shut down. Unfortunately, after being reported favorably to the floor 2 months ago, Mr. Lanza’s nomination has stalled on the Senate floor. I see no reason that a man who helped shut down backpage should be languishing on the floor for what should be a unanimous vote. I see no reason that my friend, Judge Brnovich, who has dedicated her career to representing her fellow Arizonans, should face the same fate. I urge my colleagues to promptly confirm these two eminently qualified individuals and allow them to take their seats on the Federal bench. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. (Disturbance in the Visitors’ Gal-leries.) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ser-geant at Arms will restore order in the Gallery. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, it is my intent—and I will be doing it—but I want to give a chance for Senator P
AUL to be on the floor when I do this. As we have said over and over again, Senator R
EEDand I have worked very closely in trying to get these amend-ments in place. I can remember in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.054 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3896 June 13, 2018 
years past, when there were people who objected to any amendments, we ended up without amendments, so we had to pass a bill that didn’t have an open amendment process on the floor. We wanted an open amendment proc-ess on the floor. I am talking about ‘‘we’’ being the Democrats, Repub-licans, and the leadership on both sides of the aisle. We have committed to that. We have tried to do that. Unfortunately, under Senate rules, one Senator can stop and object to moving on an amendment. If that hap-pens and continues, the same thing will happen. I can remember four times in the past when we ended up without any amendments at all because one person objected. It is our intent to open it up so that people can offer their amendments, vote them down, vote them up—what-ever we want to do. Right now, we have several amend-ments, and I would like to make a mo-tion to adopt them en bloc. These amendments are amendments that have been cleared on both sides. There are 10 of them. All 10 are germane amendments. They are Ernst amendment No. 2289, Schatz No. 2441, Bennet No. 2617, Sha-heen No. 2686, Heitkamp No. 2695, Lee No. 2723, Hatch No. 2755, Cruz No. 2598, and Tester No. 2818. These 10 amendments are all ger-mane. They cleared on both sides. I ask unanimous consent that these amendments be called up en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Reserving the right to ob-ject, the right to trial by jury is a most precious and ancient right. A few min-utes ago on the Senate floor, 68 Sen-ators voted to give a vote on the Sen-ate floor on whether anyone captured and accused of a crime would get a trial by jury. It is in the Bill of Rights. Over two-thirds of the Senate voted for it—enough to pass a constitutional amendment. We voted for it, and one person is denying a vote on this. The senior Senator from South Caro-lina does not believe the Bill of Rights applies to people accused of a crime. Think about that. This is not about me. This is about one Senator from South Carolina who so much objects to the Bill of Rights that he doesn’t want it to apply to people accused of a crime. So, yes, I do most strenuously object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I do re-gret this. Let me repeat what was just objected to. There are 10 amendments that are cleared on both sides. Democrats are all for them. Republicans are all for them. I suggest the junior Senator from Kentucky is for all these amend-ments too. If we don’t have these amendments, what amendments will we have? What good does it do to offer an objection to these amendments that are all ger-mane just because he is upset with some senior Senator from another State? I am thinking now: Where do we go from here? I am going to offer another bloc of votes as soon as we have some that are all germane and agreed to on both sides. When that happens, I am hoping there will not be an objection. I am hoping to break this logjam. If not, then what is going to happen is that we are going to end up voting for this bill. We know it is going to pass. It has passed for 57 consecutive years. It is going to pass, but it will pass without the amendments of those individuals who have wanted an open amendment process, which I have wanted, which my Democratic col-league has wanted, and we have made that effort for a long period of time. I am concerned. I think that it could end up that we will have—it is not as if we haven’t had amendments. In our committee, we had some 300 amend-ments that we actually considered. We went through the amendment process. We have had a lot of input from other Members, but again, we are committed to an open amendment process. So far, it looks as if we are not going to get it. I just ask that whatever is causing my good friend from Kentucky to ob-ject to these amendments will be satis-fied by some change. If he wants a vote on his amendment, let him go and pur-sue it. I hate to hold this bill hostage. I just got back from being with our troops all over the world. I was in CENTCOM, in EUCOM, in AFRICOM, talking to our troops who are over there. They know that their pay raise is in this bill. Their benefits are in there. This is one thing we need to do. If there is one thing that needs to be done, it is this bill. I think maybe there is something wrong with a sys-tem that says: If I can’t have my way to get a vote on my amendment, I am going to kill everybody else’s amend-ments. That is what I am afraid may be happening now. I am hoping my friend from Ken-tucky will reconsider and allow us to adopt amendments. It has nothing to do with an amendment the Senator from Kentucky has. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have a colloquy with the Senator from Maryland. THE PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COTTON. The Senator and I have done a lot of work together on a an issue that is a genuine threat to our national security; that is, the threat of Chinese telecom companies stealing our technology, infiltrating our telecom networks, and hacking into the data not just of our government or our military but also private citizens. Earlier this year, I asked the Direc-tors of all four major intelligence agen-cies—the CIA, the NSA, the FBI, and the DIA—if they would use products made by Huawei or ZTE. None of them raised their hand. I said: Well, that may be unfair. You are the leader of an American intelligence agency. What about members of your family, your neighbors, your friends, church mem-bers? Not a single one of them rec-ommended that they would use a Huawei or ZTE product. I hope all of you up in the Galleries are not using a Huawei or ZTE product. If you are, you might want to go out and buy a different one, and that is be-cause these companies are dangerous to our national security and to your privacy. Huawei and ZTE are nothing more than extensions of the Chinese Com-munist Party. Huawei’s CEO was an en-gineer for the People’s Liberation Army. The company’s livelihood con-sists largely of a steady stream of gov-ernment contracts, and its greatest claim to fame is shamelessly stealing the secrets of American companies. That is why it is under investigation by the Department of Justice for that and for violating sanctions against Iran. ZTE is no better. They broke our laws by doing business with North Korea and Iran and then lied about it to U.S. investigators. That makes it a repeat offender. That is why General Nakasone, the new Director of the NSA, committed at his confirmation hearing to educating all of our allies about the threat that companies like Huawei and ZTE pose to the civilized world. Given this history, I suggest it would be reckless to let Huawei and ZTE in-filtrate their products into our coun-try’s critical communications infra-structure. Whether it is routers, switches, or any other kind of equip-ment, allowing them to do so would give the Chinese Government a back-door into our first responder networks, our electric grid, and a lot more than that. That is why the Federal Commu-nications Commission proposed a rule to prohibit the use of the Universal Service Fund to buy equipment from these firms and why I and a number of other Members have urged the Depart-ment of Agriculture to do the same thing with our U.S. funds. These companies have proven them-selves to be untrustworthy, and at this point, I think the only fitting punish-ment would be to give them the death penalty; that is, to put them out of business in the United States. The only reason Huawei is the second largest smartphone maker in the world and ZTE the fourth is because we have let them run wild for too long. We have given them access to our markets even as they have broken our laws and abused the rights of our citizens. If we refuse to do business with them, things would change very quickly, believe me. For these reasons, Senator V
ANHOL-
LENand I offered our amendment that was adopted earlier this week. It would prohibit all Federal agencies from buy-ing any kind of equipment or services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.056 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3897 June 13, 2018 
from Huawei, ZTE, or any related com-panies. It would also prohibit any American company from receiving U.S. taxpayer dollars in the form of grants or loans should they use Huawei or ZTE products. Finally, our amendment would reinstate the original denial order for the purchase of American goods and services on ZTE to hold it accountable for breaking our laws. I would say that I don’t see this amendment as contradictory or harm-ful to the administration’s strategy when it comes to China and North Korea. If anything, I think it is com-plementary. This administration, after all, originally imposed the death pen-alty in the form of a denial order against ZTE. After Xi Jinping pleaded for life without parole, so to speak, the administration agreed to a very tough series of actions. This is the first real, concrete action the United States has taken against Huawei and ZTE, but I and the Sen-ators in this Chamber believe the death penalty is the appropriate penalty. Just as our maximum pressure cam-paign brought North Korea to the table, strengthening our sanctions on ZTE will show China that we are fi-nally serious about stopping its theft of our intellectual property and pre-venting it from infiltrating our com-munications network and from vio-lating the privacy rights of our citi-zens. If we weaken sanctions against ZTE, we will signal to China and to the rest of the world that they can act contrary to our sanctions with impunity. That is a message we cannot afford to send, and that is why I am pleased the Sen-ate agreed to include our amendment in the National Defense Authorization Act. I would like to conclude by turning to the Senator from Maryland, with whom I have worked in such a con-structive fashion on this matter—not only on this legislation but also in the Senate Banking Committee—and ask him how he sees the threat posed by Huawei, ZTE, and companies like them. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I want to start by thanking my col-league, the Senator from Arkansas, for his longtime leadership on a range of important national security issues, in-cluding his attention and focus on the threat posed by Huawei and ZTE, which, as he explained, are two Chinese telecommunications companies that pose a risk not just to our security but also to the privacy of American citi-zens. This is a threat that is here and now, and it is not one we have not been aware of for a long time. I think it is important to look back because this didn’t sneak up on us overnight. If you go back to the year 2012, the House Intelligence Committee sounded the alarm on Huawei and ZTE in a bi-partisan report that stated that ‘‘China has the means, opportunity, and mo-tive to use telecommunications compa-nies for malicious purposes’’ and that ‘‘based on available and classified and unclassified information, Huawei and ZTE cannot be trusted to be free of for-eign state influence and thus pose a se-curity threat to the United States and to our systems.’’ That was a House Intelligence Com-mittee report in the year 2012. Since then, the evidence has grown even stronger. We know that the Government of China exercises significant control over its telecommunications firms and that ZTE and Huawei have close and very longstanding ties to the govern-ment. We also know that China is one of the world’s most active perpetrators of economic espionage and cyber at-tacks in the United States. In 2015, the FBI issued a report on Huawei making it clear that the Gov-ernment of China relies on signals in-telligence to spy on American citizens. American intelligence officials have long warned that Beijing could harness this technology to steal data, eaves-drop on conversations, or carry out cyber attacks. We had testimony recently—in Feb-ruary—from the leaders of the top U.S. intelligence agencies. Senator C
OTTON  referenced the testimony of the FBI Di-rector and others, and I want to expand on the testimony of FBI Director Chris Wray, who said: 
We’re deeply concerned about the risks of allowing any company or entity that is be-holden to foreign governments that don’t share our values to gain positions of power inside our telecommunications networks. That provides the capacity to exert pressure or control over our telecommunications in-frastructure. It provides the capacity to ma-liciously modify or steal information. And it provides the capacity to conduct undetected espionage. 
That is why part of this amendment contains the very important provision that the Senator from Arkansas men-tioned that would prohibit U.S. tax-payer dollars from being spent to pur-chase any equipment from Huawei or ZTE. The Pentagon recently prohibited the sale of these devices on U.S. mili-tary bases. The FCC has also proposed steps to discourage American compa-nies from using products from Huawei and ZTE. It stands to reason—and it is totally consistent with that senti-ment—that we make it clear that U.S. Federal Government agencies should not be purchasing this equipment that threatens our national security. One of those companies—ZTE in spe-cific—not only represents the kind of threat that we have been discussing but also has been a repeated and fla-grant violator of U.S. law. They were caught a number of years ago for cheating, and instead of coming clean, they tried to cover it up, cheated again, and they were caught again. Here is what the Department of Com-merce said in its report about ZTE just this past April. It said that they en-gaged in ‘‘a multi-year conspiracy to violate the U.S. trade embargo against Iran to obtain contracts to supply, build, operate and maintain tele-communications networks inside Iran using U.S. original equipment’’ and that ZTE was ‘‘illegally shipping tele-communications equipment to North Korea in violation of the Export Ad-ministration Regulations.’’ The Commerce Department went on to explain that ZTE—finally, after get-ting caught multiple times—‘‘admitted to engaging in an elaborate scheme to hide the unlicensed transactions from the U.S. Government by deleting, de-stroying, removing, or sanitizing mate-rials and information.’’ In fact, it turns out that they were violating our sanctions regime against not only Iran and North Korea but also Sudan, Syria, and Cuba. In fact, they had elaborate flowcharts at ZTE show-ing exactly how they were going to do this. Then, when we confronted them and they said they were going to come clean, instead they rewarded their top executives with bonuses. That is why, when the Secretary of Commerce issued the sanctions and imposed the blocking order on the sale of U.S. tele-communications components to ZTE in April, he explained that the message ZTE sent from the top was essentially to evade and then lie about what they were doing with respect to U.S. sanc-tions. Well, it is very important that we send a message, and we need to send a message consistent with what the Sec-retary of Commerce did last April. It is very important, as the Senator from Arkansas said, that we let countries know we mean what we say. They are a flagrant violator of those sanctions laws, and we can’t let them off the hook with a slap on the wrist because if we do that, it will undermine our credibility with respect to our sanc-tions on North Korea, which are very important in focusing the attention of North Korea on the goal of denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. It will send the wrong message to coun-tries around the world that if we catch you and you cheat again and we catch you, you can just cut a deal that ends up being a slap on the wrist. That is why I am very pleased to join with the Senator from Arkansas in of-fering this bipartisan amendment. In addition to the two of us, there are a number of other Senators—a bipartisan group—supporting this legislation. I am glad it has been incorporated in the legislation. With that, I want to turn it back over to the Senator from Arkansas and ask him whether he has any further thoughts on this very important issue before us today. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Maryland for his re-marks and once again for working to-gether in such a constructive fashion. As he said, we have had a number of Senators from both parties sponsoring our amendment. I think that reflects the concern that both Republicans and Democrats alike have about the threat that Chinese telecom companies like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.057 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3898 June 13, 2018 
Huawei and ZTE pose to our national security and to our citizens’ privacy. Our amendment is an important first step to ensure that they are not doing business with the Federal Government or any firms that are relying on U.S. taxpayer dollars and also that ZTE in particular faces the stiffest penalties possible for its recidivist behavior in violating sanctions and lying to U.S. investigators. We still have more to do, and I sus-pect we will be back together either in the Senate Banking Committee or on the Senate floor to try to protect our citizens’ safety and their privacy from companies that are in essence arms of the Chinese Communist Party. We will be working together in the coming months, as this bill moves forward to be reconciled with the House of Rep-resentatives, to ensure that this very important language stays in the bill in its final version and then gets passed into the law. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, if I may, I just want to emphasize that final point made by the Senator from Arkansas, which is that it is going to be very important that we keep this provision in the Defense authorization bill as it winds its way through the process. I am confident that there is a bipartisan commitment to doing ex-actly that because we cannot back away at this point. Backing away would send a very bad signal to ZTE and Huawei and other violators of our sanctions or any of our other adver-saries who are considering violating U.S. law and U.S. sanctions. Mr. COTTON. I couldn’t agree more with that. In fact, the House version of the National Defense Authorization Act does include language that is simi-lar, not identical, to our language. To my knowledge, it passed without any objection in the House from either Democrats or Republicans—again, just showing how widespread our concern in Congress is with Chinese telecom com-panies, like Huawei and ZTE. So I am confident that working to-gether with the Senator from Okla-homa, the Senator Rhode Island, and our House counterparts the final version of this bill, which we will vote on later in this year, will have very tough language that will move us in the right direction, protecting our citi-zens’ safety and privacy. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous to call up amendment No. 2870 to amendment No. 2282. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, Senator COTTON from Arkansas and I were just on the floor these past 15 minutes ex-plaining why this bipartisan provision is in the managers’ amendment to the bill. It is because of the threats posed by Huawei and ZTE. With respect to ZTE specifically, it is because of its multiple flagrant violations of U.S. law. Removing that provision would send a very bad signal, not just to ZTE, not just to China but to anybody else around the world watching that they can violate U.S. sanctions law with im-punity. We shouldn’t be doing that. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I don’t disagree that we need to send a strong message to people doing business with the United States. However, the Com-merce Department has imposed a se-vere fine in the ZTE case—a $1.7 billion fine—in addition to penalties and com-pliance measures on ZTE, including the firing of its entire board and all senior executive leadership. That is not dis-similar to a commerce violation right here in the United States. If someone violates the rules and laws of our land, there are fines, penalties, and compli-ance measures that go along with that. In regard to these harsh penalties, Secretary Ross has just said: ‘‘the strictest and largest settlement fine that has ever been brought by the Com-merce Department against a violator of export controls.’’ The Commerce Department has lev-eled a harsh but justified penalty. I agree that we need to send a strong message, and I think this does just that. However, the current NDAA man-agers’ package would trample on the separation of powers and undercut the Trump administration’s authority to impose these penalties. My amendment would prevent this year’s NDAA from limiting the export control authority of the Secretary of Commerce. I don’t dispute the threat that ZTE products pose, but, remember, the ma-jority of the chips used in ZTE prod-ucts are made right here in the United States. Our government should not use products from ZTE, Huawei, or any other company with such close links to the Chinese Government. The underlying NDAA still prohibits the entire government from purchasing ZTE products, but we should not tie the hands of the administration to enact penalties as it sees fit, particu-larly in these times of aggressive ac-tions by foreign players. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that it be in order to call up amendment No. 2870 to amendment No. 2282. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senator restating his unanimous con-sent request? Mr. PERDUE. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. DONNELLY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. We heard my col-league from Maryland and my col-league from Arkansas; therefore, I ob-ject. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I rise to discuss my efforts on the Senate Armed Services Committee, on behalf of the people of Indiana, to craft and advance a defense bill that supports In-diana’s role in our Nation’s defense and protect America’s security interests and defense-related jobs. Before I get to that, though, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the chairman of our committee, my friend Senator J
OHNMCCAIN. He is an Amer-ican hero. I hope as he watches the Senate do its bipartisan work on this year’s NDAA, the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, he knows that all of us here are thinking of him back in Arizona and wishing him the best in his battle. When we think about J
OHN MCCAIN, we think about a fighter. We think about the epitome of a man who defends our free-dom every single day. I am proud he is our chairman, and I am proud he is my friend. Now I want to talk about provisions I secured in the national defense bill that we are considering, efforts I sup-ported, and an amendment I filed. I am proud of the many contributions Hoosiers make to the safety and secu-rity of our Nation—most especially those brave men and women who vol-unteer to put on the uniform in service to our country. I am also proud of the thousands of working men and women who go to work in the dark every day to manu-facture the highest quality products and equipment that support and pro-tect our warfighters. From humvees and transmissions to satellites and aviation braking systems, Hoosiers know a key strength of our military is the technological and quality advan-tage that American manufacturing gives to our warfighters. In fact, it is with those friends and neighbors in mind that I want to talk about the importance of ensuring that the equipment used by our Armed Forces and the jobs—the moms and dads who go to work every day to build that equipment—stay right here in America. One of the provisions I pushed hard for and was included in the bill re-quires the examination of the F–35 sup-ply chain in order to ensure that key manufacturing capabilities are not being sent abroad, jeopardizing the backbone of America’s future Air Force. Workers at the Honeywell facility in South Bend, IN, currently manufacture components for the braking mechanism for the F–35 airplane—one of the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.058 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3899 June 13, 2018 
technologically advanced aircraft ever built. I am told that next month, the last raw forging shipment will come to the facility for Hoosier workers to manufacture these components. Honey-well is planning to send that manufac-turing work for the F–35 overseas to a plant in Turkey. While Turkey is a member of NATO, it is on a concerning path of crumbling democratic norms, and it is in the process of purchasing a missile defense system from Russia. That is not the kind of place where we should be manu-facturing critical components for one of the most advanced warfighting ma-chines in our arsenal, particularly when we have trained, experienced, tal-ented, patriotic, devoted American workers in South Bend, IN, who want to continue doing this work protecting our men and women and keeping our Nation safe. What is more, if the U.S.-Turkey re-lationship deteriorates further, I am concerned our country will not have access to a critical component of our most sensitive aircraft or missile or radar. We don’t currently know what future threats to our supply chain will emerge. This Congress and the Amer-ican people should know the answers to those questions. I believe my provision will help us get to the bottom of it and find those answers. Another provision I authored that the Senate Armed Services Committee adopted as part of this bill would en-sure that our Nation retains key na-tional security capabilities within the Federal workforce. I also fought to keep key sectors of our defense industrial base robust and secure from threats, such as tampering and counterfeit parts. That work hap-pens at the Naval Support Activity Center in Crane, IN. In addition, another measure I sup-ported that is included in this bill en-sures that companies that provide products crucial to our national de-fense are not purchased by a foreign adversary like China. When it comes to our national defense work, I believe it is critical that our policies encourage companies to invest in American work-ers and communities at home and pe-nalize those that ship work to foreign countries. That is why I proposed an amendment that is simple and clear: Federal defense contracts, funded by American taxpayers, should go to com-panies that employ American workers. My amendment, which is based on my End Outsourcing Act, would allow contracting officers to take into con-sideration a company’s outsourcing practices when awarding Federal con-tracts. It is common sense. Our Federal tax dollars should go to companies that invest in and support American work-ers. When defense work is shipped from American companies to other coun-tries, it can hurt our national defense, our workers, and our communities. Finally, I want to highlight a provi-sion that has been mentioned by my colleagues that I strongly supported in this bill that helps protect American telecommunications security, which is an important part of our national secu-rity. Specifically, this bill includes a pro-vision that prohibits the Department of Defense from procuring, obtaining, or renewing contracts that utilize equipment or services from China’s Huawei Technologies or ZTE Corpora-tion. Huawei is reportedly being inves-tigated by the Department of Justice for potentially violating U.S. sanction laws as it relates to Iran. ZTE sold sen-sitive technologies to Iran and North Korea in violation of U.S. sanctions laws. I am concerned about the administra-tion’s recently announced deal to roll back penalties against ZTE, and I think this measure in the Senate, in our national defense bill, would be an important step toward helping safe-guard our telecommunications indus-try’s security. I am hopeful the Senate will soon pass the national defense bill. It is bi-partisan. It is not Democratic, it is not Republican; it is American. It is an ex-ample of what we can accomplish to-gether. I am proud it will help protect our national security and American jobs, and it also includes a number of provisions that are vital to Indiana. I would like to close by again saying how honored we are that this is the J
OHNMCCAINDefense bill. What an ex-traordinary chairman he has been for us. We wish him well. We hope he is getting stronger every single day, and we look forward to seeing him in the Chamber soon. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I am coming back to the floor, sadly, to make a speech that I promised to make every week that I am in the U.S. Sen-ate as long as a pastor from North Carolina, who has been in mission in Turkey for almost 20 years—until his release from a Turkish prison. Before I get started with that, I want to thank Senator D
ONNELLY for his comments because I think we share a common concern with respect to the Joint Strike Fighter Program. That is something I am going to suggest in my discussions. I also thank, in advance, Senator S
HAHEEN , who has worked with me, on a bipartisan basis, to highlight the con-cern we have for a man who has been in a Turkish prison for 614 days. Pastor Brunson was arrested in Octo-ber of 2016 for nothing more than being a missionary. I went to Turkey about 2 months ago and visited him in a Turk-ish prison, after almost 17 months of being in prison, without any charges. They brought charges against him that are some of the most bogus excuses for evidence you could possibly imagine. I am certain that if it were somebody with these charges in the United States in a jail system or prison system, they would be released the day the charges were filed. This is Pastor Brunson. He is a little over 50 years old. Since he has been in prison, he has lost 50 pounds and has spent almost 17 months in a prison cell designed for 8 people that had 21 people in it, that entire time without a single formal charge levied against him. Pastor Brunson is a Presbyterian minister from Western North Carolina, an area called Black Mountain. He was swept up in the arrest that occurred after the illegal coup attempt that I think was inappropriate and that I would probably oppose because I think there is a peaceful way to change re-gimes, but Pastor Brunson wasn’t one of the people who caused the coup. If you went to that courtroom like I did and spent 12 hours in that room, you would have heard absurd charges from over a dozen secret witnesses, many of them in prison, talking about the food that somebody may have eaten, which is a preferred food of a terrorist organi-zation, or the fact that a light was on in a small church in Izmir for hours, and certainly there had to be some-thing bad going on. That is the nature of these charges. I am not making it up. This man is doing everything he can to have the truth be heard, but I actually believe this is not about a judicial process. This is not about valid charges. This is about a political hostage. I will tell you the day I absolutely confirmed that this pastor became a political hostage. It is the day Presi-dent Erdogan had the audacity to make this statement. President Erdogan believes that there is someone in this country who was involved in the coup attempt. We have reached out to Turkey and said: If you can process a valid basis for extradition—we have an extradition treaty with Turkey—we would be happy to consider that, based on the merits of the case, and we still would be, but the President had the au-dacity to say: We can just short circuit all of those by you trading your pastor for our pastor. President Erdogan clearly demonstrated that he has the authority to release this illegally and improperly imprisoned American, who has been in prison for 614 days, but he chooses not to. Now, on a bipartisan basis—I should tell my colleagues that one of the rea-sons I find this so insulting is because Turkey has been a NATO ally since 1952. We have to understand what being a NATO ally means. What it means is the greatest, the most powerful Nation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.060 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3900 June 13, 2018 
on Earth has committed to deploying men and women in American uniforms to Turkey to protect Turkey if they are attacked by an outside aggressor. We have a commitment to protect the Turkish people. We have a commit-ment to our men and women in harm’s way to protect the Turkish people, but we have a Turkish President who is acting less like a NATO ally and more like an adversary. By the way, this is not an argument with the Turkish people who are great people. I have been to Turkey several times—they are wonderful people—but this President is taking a position that has to have a consequence. Again, we can go back and talk about what our obligations are under the treaty. First and foremost, it is to treat an ally that has that very heavy obligation to defend another Nation— to go to some other soil and defend that Nation—to treat them with re-spect, to treat their citizens with re-spect. If they are a criminal, present the evidence and prosecute them. There are Americans in Turkish pris-ons. They have committed murders, robbery, and other crimes, and there was legitimate evidence put forth for me to be OK with that, but I am not at all OK with the way Pastor Brunson has been treated by the Turkish judici-ary. We tried everything we could for about 1
1⁄2years on a diplomatic basis and that has gone nowhere. After my last trip to Turkey, I decided we had to get Turkey’s attention, and on a bipar-tisan basis, we started that by passing an amendment in the National Defense Authorization Act that will ask for the answers to very important questions. Some of those have to do with the ille-gal detainment of American persons in Turkey. The other one has to do with a very important—in fact, the most so-phisticated tactical fighter that has ever flown through the air, the Joint Strike Fighter, or the F–35. Turkey is a very important part of the supply chain to the Joint Strike Fighter and Turkey has requested Joint Strike Fighters to be put into their arsenal. On the surface, because they are a NATO ally, I don’t object to it, but, today, I strongly object to it. We passed language in the national defense authorization that we will be voting on fairly soon that will actually put Turkey on notice: Choose what you want to be. Do you want to be an ally that treats your other ally citizens with respect; do you want to be an ally that actually builds defense systems that come from allies, not from a would-be adversary like Russia; or do you want to actually go down the path and lose the support of the American people along the way? I thank Chairman I
NHOFE for his sup-port of the amendment. I want to thank the members of the Senate sub-committee—the Senate full Committee on Armed Services who voted for this amendment. I look forward to getting this passed into law when we finally confer with the House and sending a message to Turkey: We want to be your ally. We want to be there in your dark-est hour to defend your security. Con-vince Members of the Senate that you want to be our ally, that you want to treat our citizens with respect, and that you will free Pastor Brunson. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am pleased to join Senator TILLIS on the floor today as he discusses Turkey and Pastor Andrew Brunson. I applaud Sen-ator T
ILLIS for his continued commit-ment in seeking justice for Pastor Brunson. Since March, Senator T
ILLIS , Senator L
ANKFORD , and I have joined together to keep pressure on Turkish President Erdogan. We are not driven by diaspora poli-tics, we have no hidden agendas, and we are not agents for Gulen or other actors like the Turkish papers have claimed—quite the contrary. As co-chairs of the Senate NATO Observer Group, Senator T
ILLIS and I are ardent supporters of NATO. We value Turkey’s importance as an ally. We want U.S.- Turkey relations to improve. Yet, sup-porting Turkey and the Turkish people should not mean appeasing the Turkish President. It is clear that the less we push back as a nation against Turkish President Erdogan, the more emboldened he be-comes. Five years ago, if you had asked any diplomat or military official whether Turkey would stoop so low as to take innocent Americans hostage and lever-age them for political gain, no one would have said that this was a possi-bility. Yet that is where we are today. Turkey has not only joined the ranks of Iran, Syria, North Korea, and Ven-ezuela as a hostage-taker, but it has shifted its orientation away from NATO and toward Russia for no other reason except for Erdogan’s financial and electoral gain. Even with the near-constant propa-ganda, however, there are things the Turkish Government can’t hide: Tur-key’s rapidly falling currency, the fal-tering state of their judiciary, the in-explicable enrichment of President Erdogan, his family, and his inner cir-cle. All these issues are well-known concerns. In fact, according to New World Wealth—the research outfit that tracks millionaire migrations—in 2017, the largest exodus of millionaires was seen in Turkey—a clear indication that those who can leave Turkey are choos-ing to do so. Unfortunately, the Turkish people can only do so much while living under a dictatorship—a dictatorship that is about to expand on June 24, the date of Turkey’s next election. For this rea-son, the United States should not stay silent about what is happening in Tur-key and what is happening to NATO because of Turkey. Senator T
ILLIS and I both serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee, and we successfully added a bipartisan and widely supported amendment to this year’s Defense bill that is moving through the Senate. The amendment would stall the delivery or transfer of F–35 Joint Strike Fighters to Turkey. I hope that both the Departments of State and Defense hear Congress loud and clear: We should have no signing ceremonies, no planes, and no moves to weaken NATO are acceptable at this time. Our government is well aware of the serious security concerns that may come if Turkey takes control of any F– 35 aircraft. My colleagues Senator DON-
NELLY and Senator T ILLIS have already spoken eloquently to that. First, the Turkish Government claims to have purchased a Russian air defense system designed to shoot these very planes down. NATO partners need these F–35s to counter Russian activ-ity. We would be handing this tech-nology over to the Kremlin if we grant-ed Turkey these planes, and Congress will not stand for it. Second and absolutely critical to this afternoon’s discussion is that nothing should be more important than the safety of American citizens. Pastor Brunson has been held in Tur-key since October of 2016. The charges against him are clearly fabricated, and the legal proceedings have been a farce. His defense is not allowed to call up witnesses, and the identities of the se-cret witnesses in his indictment are known to be petty criminals. What is happening to Pastor Brunson is an absolute shame, but it has be-come a sad reality for those living in Turkey because Turkey has already imprisoned over 50,000 of its own peo-ple. I wish we could do more for all of those people, but at the very least, our government has a duty to act when any American anywhere is held unjustly by a foreign government. We must do ev-erything we can to bring Americans home, to bring Pastor Brunson home. I encourage the administration to use every tool available in their diplo-matic and economic toolbox to bring the pastor and all innocent Americans home at once. In the meantime, Sen-ators T
ILLIS , LANKFORD , and I will con-tinue to push for targeted sanctions against Erdogan and all officials who are involved in the unlawful detention of Americans in Turkey. We will not cease our efforts until Turkey rejoins the community of democracies it once belonged to. We all hope this day comes sooner rather than later. 
f 
SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISA PROGRAM Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I wish to also talk about an issue that has not made it into the Defense au-thorization bill, unlike the amendment that Senator T
ILLIS and I support. Sadly, help for the Afghans who aided our troops in the war in Afghani-stan is not included in this Defense au-thorization bill. As most of us know in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.061 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3901 June 13, 2018 
the Senate, the Afghan special immi-grant visa program allows Afghans who supported the U.S. mission in Afghani-stan and who face threats of harm to themselves or their families because of their service—we allow them to apply for refuge in the United States through the special immigrant visa program, or SIV program. Over the years, there has been strong bipartisan support for this effort to bring those Afghans in harm’s way back to the United States. I am pleased to have worked with Senator T
ILLIS , Senator W
ICKER , Senator L EAHY , Sen-ator G
RAHAM , and, of course, Senator M
CCAIN, who has been the champion in the Senate to address this issue. I am proud to partner yet again with these Senators, and we have introduced legis-lation to authorize 4,000 SIVs for 2019 so that we can continue to bring to the United States those people who are at risk. Even as the administration sharply restricts immigration and refugee pro-grams, President Trump has made an exception for those who serve alongside our soldiers and diplomats. He has in-cluded 4,000 Afghan SIVs in his budget request for this upcoming fiscal year. The support for this program truly is bipartisan. I am here on the floor with Senator T
ILLIS today to try to put a face on this important program. Afghan civilians who have assisted our military as interpreters, fire-fighters, construction workers, and community liaisons are being targeted by the Taliban for their willingness to work with the United States. Without congressional approval, our military and our diplomats will be powerless to help those Afghans. Moreover, U.S. of-ficials in Afghanistan will be powerless to help themselves. Unless Congress acts, this program will lapse, and our Embassy and military will unneces-sarily suffer the devastating effects of this decision. We cannot afford to break our prom-ises to the Afghan people, to those who serve our mission with such loyalty and at such enormous risk, particu-larly at this time. U.S. forces—our military—and our diplomats have al-ways relied on local people to help ac-complish our mission. As we think about our future engagements, we will need this kind of support in other places in the future. What does it say to people if we renege on our promises to the Afghans? We must be aware of the message we are sending to partners around the world when we don’t fulfill our duty to protect them after they have protected us. This is exactly why countless military commanders and Ambassadors have pleaded with Con-gress to extend the Afghan SIV pro-gram. Behind me is a quote from Senator J
OHNMCCAIN, a leader, as I said, in the effort to ensure the safety of Afghan SIVs. We have worked together each year since 2013, and his presence is sorely missed this year. During last year’s NDAA debate, he said: We’re talking about the lives of men who have put it on the line for the men and women serving. . . . They’re going to die if we don’t pass this amendment and take them out of harm’s way. Don’t you understand the gravity of that?’’ 
That is what Senator M CCAINhad to say in 2016 when we were trying to get this done in the Defense authorization bill. He is right. There is no plan B for these Afghans. Either we save them by authorizing additional special immi-grant visas, or they will die. They will be killed. Their families will be killed. If Senator M
CCAINwere able to come to the floor today, I have no doubt that he would be right here with Senator T
ILLIS and me saying the same thing. I hope that we can do Senator M
CCAINa service by reauthorizing the program he cared so much about under the bill that bears his name. We have also had many officials who have spoken out against attempts to limit the eligibility of applicants. Former U.S. Ambassador to Afghani-stan Ryan Crocker said: 
When deciding whom to kill, the Taliban do not make such distinctions in service— nor should we when determining whom to save. 
Similarly, our former commander in Afghanistan, General Stanley McChrystal, said: 
Afghans performing a variety of roles are vital to the U.S. mission, whether they work directly or indirectly with U.S. Forces. I would urge Congress not to further erode al-ready limited eligibility guidelines. 
In addition, our soldiers and marines are keenly interested in protecting Af-ghan civilians who served with them. Many of them owe their lives to the Af-ghans in various roles who went into combat with them. The roles in which Afghans serve range from interpreter, to lawyer, to aid administrators, to cafeteria work-ers. Abdul—who doesn’t want his last name used because he fears for the safety of his family back home— worked as the head waiter for Amer-ican troops in Afghanistan. Despite his classification as a cafeteria employee, he helped our troops translate docu-ments and interpret conversations they were having both on and off the base. One night he came in, and someone jumped him, beat him up, and threat-ened to kill him and his family if he continued to help the United States. Abdul was recommended for a special immigrant visa by the Army sergeant he reported to, who found him the night he was attacked. The chief of mission who approved his application thought that Abdul’s heartfelt service to our Nation was worthy enough to help save his life. I believe that too. He wasn’t an interpreter. He wasn’t part of a narrow group of Afghans who helped us. But he was there, nevertheless, put-ting his life on the line for Americans serving in Afghanistan. Last year, in Keene, NH, I met with a remarkable immigrant from Afghani-stan named Patmana Rafiq Kunary. Patmana had worked closely with the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment in Kabul. She went door-to-door and encouraged women to take out microloans to start their own busi-nesses. Patmana eventually became the vice president of operations for the USAID-sponsored microloan program. Yet, for a woman in Afghanistan, going door-to-door and working closely with Americans, this was dangerous work. She drew unwelcome attention wherever she went, and she became a high-profile target for the Taliban and others. Then, one day in 2013, she re-ceived a call at her USAID office. It was from the distraught wife of a USAID colleague, an Afghan. The call-er’s husband had just been murdered, apparently, in retaliation for his work with the Americans. In her realizing that her life was in danger, too, Patmana applied for a spe-cial immigrant visa. For 2 years, she and her husband were subjected to re-peated interviews at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul. She told me that while those background checks were going on, they had to move periodically because, as soon as they settled someplace, the Taliban would find out where they were, and they would be threatened again. Her background was checked and rechecked before the visas were fi-nally granted. Now, thankfully, Patmana lives hap-pily in Keene. Her husband has found work, and they have a 3-year-old daughter. They are welcomed as valued members of the Keene community. When it comes to the SIV program, there is no shortage of inspiring nar-ratives like the ones I am sharing today. It is no wonder that during his own confirmation process, the Sec-retary of Defense, Gen. James Mattis, said: ‘‘Most of our units could not have accomplished their missions without the assistance, often at the risk of their lives, of these courageous men and women.’’ We would never leave an American warrior behind on the battlefield. Like-wise, we must not leave behind those Afghans who served side by side with our warriors and diplomats. We made a solemn promise to these brave men and women, and I know that those of us here who believe we need to keep that promise are going to do everything we can to make sure that those special im-migrant visas are authorized and avail-able next year for those thousands of Afghans who are still in the queue, who are still themselves facing threats and threats to their families because of their trying to help our military in Af-ghanistan. I encourage all of my colleagues in the Senate to allow this program to continue and to not permit any ill-in-formed notions about the program’s eligibility standards or the vetting process distract from its success and from the strong bipartisan support it receives each year. I urge my col-leagues to keep our promise to our Af-ghan allies by supporting these efforts. I am very pleased to be here with Senator T
ILLIS , who is also committed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.063 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3902 June 13, 2018 
to the effort of trying to get this done. I know my colleague Senator E
RNST , who is here to speak, is also a sup-porter of this program. There is strong bipartisan support to make this hap-pen. We should not allow one or two people to keep us from moving forward. I thank the Presiding Officer. We will continue to work on this effort. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Iowa. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, the 2019 National Defense Authorization Act on the floor today is a bipartisan bill that is focused on ensuring our warfighters are prepared to operate across the full spectrum of conflict and to support the objectives laid out in the 2018 national defense strategy. I am disappointed that we were not able to come together and work through a robust, bipartisan amend-ment process this year on the floor. We had a great markup, and I am thankful that my colleagues across the aisle were so willing to work together in a bipartisan manner on this piece of leg-islation. As the chair of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee, I worked hard with my ranking member, Senator H
EINRICH of New Mexico, to en-sure the NDAA invests additional fund-ing in innovative technologies so that we can maintain U.S. technological su-periority over near-peer adversaries, particularly in the areas of hypersonics, unmanned systems, di-rected energy, and artificial intel-ligence. The NDAA provides much needed funding to our Special Operations forces, which are playing a key role in combating terrorist networks and countering growing aggression by ad-versaries like Russia, China, and Iran. It also fully funds SOCOM’s request for the Preservation of the Force and Fam-ilies Initiative and expands key au-thorities to provide enhanced support to the families of our special operators. By supporting a total of $716 billion for our Nation’s defense, the NDAA provides the flexibility that is needed for our military to make targeted in-vestments for the future. It also ad-dresses issues that deeply impact our servicemembers. I especially thank Senator W
ARREN , of Massachusetts, for her work with me in addressing research and treatment options for traumatic brain injuries. This is an issue that is especially im-portant to me as a veteran, for I have known and worked with individuals who have experienced blasts and roll-overs in military vehicles, and we know the implications that come from those who suffer from traumatic brain injury. I urge my colleagues to support the NDAA. This bill is absolutely vital to restoring the health of our military and supporting our national security objectives. Again, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. It is vital we com-plete our NDAA. f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–18, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of India for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $930 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–18 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (1) Prospective Purchaser: Government of India. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $340 million. Other $590 million. Total $930 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: The Government of India has requested the sale of the following items in support of a proposed direct commercial sale of six (6) AH–64E Apache helicopters: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Fourteen (14) T700–GE–701D Four (4) AN/APG–78 Fire Control Radars Four (4) Radar Electronic Units (REU) Block III Four (4) AN/APR–48B Modernized Radar Frequency Interferometers (M–RFI’s) One hundred eighty (180) AGM–114L–3 Hellfire Longbow Missiles Ninety (90) AGM–114R–3 Hellfire II Missiles Two hundred (200) Stinger Block I–92H Mis-siles Seven (7) Modernized Target Acquisition and Designation Sights (MTADS)/Pilot Night Vision Sensors (PNVS) Fourteen (14) Embedded Global Positioning System/Inertial Navigation Systems (EGI) Non-MDE: Also included are 2.75’’ HE M151 rockets, training and dummy missiles, 30mm cannons and ammunition, transponders, sim-ulators, communication equipment, spare and repair parts, tools and test equipment, support equipment, repair and return sup-port, personnel training and training equip-ment, publications and technical documenta-tion, U.S. Government and contractor engi-neering and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistic and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Army (IN–B– UAN). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: IN–B–UAH. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: June 12, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  India—Support for Direct Commercial Sale of AH–64E Apache Helicopters The Government of India has requested to buy the following items in support of a pro-posed direct commercial sale of six (6) AH– 64E Apache helicopters: fourteen (14) T700– GE–701D engines; four (4) AN/APG–78 Fire Control Radars; four (4) Radar Electronic Units (REU) Block III; four (4) AN/APR–48B Modernized Radar Frequency Interferometers (M–RFI’s); one hundred eighty (180) AGM–114L–3 Hellfire Longbow missiles; ninety (90) AGM–114R–3 Hellfire II missiles; two hundred (200) Stinger Block I– 92H missiles; seven (7) Modernized Target Ac-quisition Designation Sight/Pilot Night Vi-sion Sensors (MTADS–PNVS); and fourteen (14) Embedded GPS Inertial Navigation Sys-tems (EGI). Also included are rockets, train-ing and dummy missiles, 30mm cannons and ammunition, transponders, simulators, com-munication equipment, spare and repair parts, tools and test equipment, support equipment, repair and return support, per-sonnel training and training equipment, pub-lications and technical documentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistic and program support. The total estimated program cost is $930 mil-lion. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to strengthen the U.S.-Indian strategic relationship and to im-prove the security of an important partner which continues to be an important force for political stability, peace, and economic progress in South Asia. The proposed sale is in conjunction with and in support of a proposed direct commer-cial sale of six (6) AH–64E Apache heli-copters, and will strengthen India’s ability to defend its homeland and deter regional threats. This support for the AH–64E will provide an increase in India’s defensive capa-bility to counter ground-armored threats and modernize its armed forces. India will have no difficulty absorbing the helicopters and support equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractors will be Lockheed Martin Corporation, Orlando, FL; General Electric Company, Cincinnati, OH; Lockheed Martin Mission Systems and Sensors, Owego, NY; Longbow Limited Liability Corporation, Orlando, FL; and Raytheon Company, Tuc-son, AZ. There are no known offset agree-ments proposed in connection with this po-tential sale. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.064 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3903 June 13, 2018 
Implementation of this proposed sale will require U.S. Government or contractor rep-resentatives to travel to India for a period of one week at a time to conduct a detailed dis-cussion of the various aspects of the hybrid program with Government of India rep-resentatives. Additional travel will be re-quired for equipment de-processing/fielding, system checkout and new equipment train-ing and Contractor Furnished Service Rep-resentatives (CFSR) for a period of thirty months. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–18 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AN/APG–78 Fire Control Radar (FCR) is an active, low-probability of inter-cept, millimeter-wave radar, combined with a passive Modernized Radar Frequency Inter-ferometer (MRFI) mounted on top of the hel-icopter mast. The FCR Ground Targeting Mode detects, locates, classifies and prioritizes stationary or moving armored ve-hicles, tanks and mobile air defense systems as well as hovering helicopters, helicopters, and fixed wing aircraft in normal flight. The MRFI detects threat radar emissions and de-termines the type of radar and mode of oper-ation. The FCR data and MRFI data are fused for maximum synergism. If desired, the radar data can be used to refer targets to the regular electro-optical Target Acquisition and Designation Sight (TADS), Modernized Target Acquisition and Designation Sight (MTADS), permitting additional visual/infra-red imagery and control of weapons, includ-ing the semi active laser version of the Hellfire. Critical system information is stored in the FCR in the form of mission exe-cutable code, target detection, classification algorithms and coded threat parametrics. This information is provided in a form that cannot be extracted by the foreign user due to anti-tamper provisions built into the sys-tem. The content of these items is classified SECRET. 2. The Modernized Target Acquisition and Designation Sight/Modernized Pilot Night Vision Sensor (M–TADS/M–PNVS) provides second generation day, night, limited ad-verse weather target information, as well as night navigation capabilities. The M–PNVS provides second generation thermal imaging that permits nap-of-the-earth flight to, from, and within the battle area, while M–TADS provides the co-pilot gunner with improved search, detection, recognition, and designa-tion by means of Direct View Optics (DVO), I
2television, second generation Forward Looking Infrared (FLIR) sighting systems that may be used singularly or in combina-tions. Hardware and releasable technical manuals are UNCLASSIFIED. 3. The AN/APR–48B Modernized Radar Fre-quency Interferometer (M–RFI) is an updated version of the passive radar detection and di-rection finding system. It utilizes a detach-able User Data Module (UDM) on the M-RFI processor, which contains the Radar Fre-quency (RF) threat library. The UDM, which is a hardware assemblage item, is classified CONFIDENTIAL when programmed with threat parametrics, threat priorities and/or techniques derived from U.S. intelligence in-formation. Hardware becomes CLASSIFIED when populated with threat parametric data. Releasable technical manuals are UNCLAS-SIFIED. 4. The Hellfire AGM–114 missile is an air- to-surface missile with a multi-mission, multi target, precision strike capability. The Hellfire can be launched from multiple air platforms and is the primary precision weap-on for the United States. a. The Hellfire Longbow Missile (AGM– 114L3) provides an adverse weather, fire- and- forget missile version of the Hellfire Missile System, incorporating a millimeter wave radar seeker on a Hellfire II aft section bus. The Hellfire Longbow Missile is designed to engage and defeat individual hardpoint tar-gets and minimize exposure time to enemy fire, which greatly increases the AH–64E Longbow survivability factor. The AGM– 114L3 non-NATO export version will be pro-vided. The weapon system hardware, as an ‘‘All Up Round’’, is UNCLASSIFIED. The AGM–114L3 missile software is SECRET. The highest level of classified information that could be disclosed by a proposed sale or by testing of the end item is SECRET and the highest level that must be disclosed for pro-duction, maintenance, or training is CON-FIDENTIAL. Vulnerability data, counter-measures, vulnerability/susceptibility anal-yses, and threat definitions are classified SE-CRET or CONFIDENTIAL. b. The highest level for release of the AGM–114R Hellfire II missile is SECRET, based upon the software. The highest level of classified information that could be dis-closed by a proposed sale or by testing the end item is SECRET; the highest level that must be disclosed for production, mainte-nance, or training is CONFIDENTIAL. Re-verse engineering could reveal CONFIDEN-TIAL information. Vulnerability data, Coun-termeasures, vulnerability/susceptibility analyses, and threat definitions are classi-fied up to SECRET. 5. The STINGER Block I 92H International Missile System, hardware, software and doc-umentation contain SENSITIVE technology and are classified CONFIDENTIAL. The guidance section of the missile and captive flight trainer contain highly SENSITIVE technology and are classified CONFIDEN-TIAL. No man-portable grip stocks will be sold under this LOA. Missile system hardware and fire unit com-ponents contain SENSITIVE critical tech-nologies. STINGER critical technology is primarily in the area of design and produc-tion know-how and not end-items. This SEN-SITIVE/critical technology is inherent in the hybrid microcircuit assemblies; micro-processors; magnetic and amorphous metals; purification; firmware; printed circuit boards; laser range finder; dual detector as-sembly; detector filters; missile software; op-tical coatings; ultraviolet sensors; semi-con-ductor detectors infrared band sensors; compounding and handling of electronic, electro-optic, and optical materials; equip-ment operating instructions; energetic mate-rials formulation technology; energetic ma-terials fabrication and loading technology; and warhead components seeker assembly. Information on vulnerability to electronic countermeasures and countermeasures, sys-tem performance capabilities and effective-ness, and test data are classified up to SE-CRET. 6. The Stinger Captive Flight Trainer (CFT) is a Stinger missile guidance assembly in a launch tube. The CFT provides operator training in target acquisition, tracking, en-gagement, loading/unloading and sustainment training at the unit. The hard-ware is classified CONFIDENTIAL. Releas-able technical manuals are UNCLASSIFIED. 7. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of specific hard-ware, the information could be used to de-velop countermeasures which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 8. A determination has been made that India can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection for sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sustainment program is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 9. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of the India. f ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING TRACY WARREN HYLTON ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Tracy Warren Hylton, a proud West Virginian, World War II Veteran, a leg-endary businessman, a fierce advocate for our proud coal heritage, and one of the dearest friends I have ever known. I have known Tracy my whole adult life. Tracy was doing business with my father-in-law, Carl Conelly, when I met him in 1966. Ever since then, I have al-ways considered Tracy to be a very dear friend. He had a different sense humor that kept us all laughing, which will be sorely missed. Throughout his long life, he did a great deal for Ra-leigh County and Beckley, was a good legislator, and was always extremely kind. Our little State has mined the coal that forged the steel that built the tanks and ships that keep our country the strongest in the world. Coal miners themselves are some the bravest and most patriotic men and women I have ever met, and it is an honor to fight for our coal heritage and our way of life that sinks deep into the roots of West Virginia’s rich culture. I am so deeply proud of what our citizens have accom-plished and what they will continue to accomplish. So it is with a heavy, but grateful heart that I join my fellow West Virginians in honoring Tracy, a ‘‘king’’ of coal in southern West Vir-ginia. There is no better position to find yourself in than being able to give back to the community you love. I can at-test that my small hometown of Farm-ington helped make me who I am, and it brings so much joy to my life to be able to give back to the place that shaped me. Tracy and I shared that mentality. Born on the Fourth of July in Crab Orchard and having grown up in the coalfields, Tracy was a true patriot and was passionate about our State and its heritage. His father, Arthur, was a coal miner and a carpenter, and his mother, Grace, ran a boarding house at Stotesbury. They were hard-working people, and they passed their knowl-edge and work ethic to each of their six children. Tracy attended Mark Twain High School with our dear Senator Robert C. Byrd before attending Concord College and West Virginia University. He en-listed in the Army in 1943 and served in the Pacific Theatre in the 267th Anti- Aircraft Ordnance Company during World War II. When he came home, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.036 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3904 June 13, 2018 
he met the love of his life, Betty Jo Foster. They had three sons: Tracy ‘‘Warren’’ Hylton II, Robert ‘‘Bobby’’ Hylton, and Harry ‘‘Mac’’ Hylton. It was a troubling time for the coal market and for business in general dur-ing that time. He started a few dif-ferent businesses, and though he had some failures, he never gave up hope. At one point, he was running a con-veyor mining business out of the front seat of his pickup truck. He did what he had to do to succeed, and eventu-ally, he founded Perry and Hylton, Inc., which expanded to become one of the largest mine companies in West Virginia. Tracy was well known as a pioneer of modern surface mining techniques. His reclamation sites had a profound im-pact on the local communities, as they became home to high schools, housing developments, farms, and greenhouses. He was an extraordinary leader. No detail could be slipped passed him, and he wasn’t one to mince words. He was a man of his word, and as an employer, he was beloved. This carried over into his role as a State senator for the ninth district for Raleigh and Wyoming Counties from 1964 to 1972 and when he was reelected to serve an additional term from 1987 to 1990. Tracy and my uncle, A. James Manchin, would have the most inter-esting and entertaining debates. When they weren’t debating though, they were good friends. That relationship taught me a lot about working with someone with an opposing viewpoint. He was truly one of the most humble, generous, and hard-working people I know. His generous spirit and compas-sion extended throughout the State, touching the lives of countless West Virginians with his anonymous dona-tions to various charities. What is most important is that Tracy lived a full life, surrounded by his wife, Betty; his sons Warren, Bobby, and Mac; and his beloved grand-children Traci Jo Hylton, Kirsten S. Hylton, Morgan Tate Hylton, and Lance M. Hylton. He was a true West Virginian, always willing to help a neighbor in need. I am honored to recognize his memory, as well as the unwavering love he had for his family, friends, our home State, and our great Nation.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:55 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 449. An act to require the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service to sub-mit to Congress a report on the health ef-fects of new psychoactive substances (includ-ing synthetic drugs) use. H.R. 3331. An act to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of in-centive payments for behavioral health pro-viders for adoption and use of certified elec-tronic health record technology. H.R. 4275. An act to provide for the devel-opment and dissemination of programs and materials for training pharmacists, health care providers, and patients on indicators that a prescription is fraudulent, forged, or otherwise indicative of abuse or diversion, and for other purposes. H.R. 4284. An act to establish a substance use disorder information dashboard within the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, and for other purposes. H.R. 4684. An act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to identify or fa-cilitate the development of best practices for operating recovery housing, and for other purposes. H.R. 5002. An act to expand the unique re-search initiatives authority of the National Institutes of Health. H.R. 5009. An act to include information concerning a patient’s opioid addiction in certain medical records. H.R. 5041. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act to authorize the employees of a hospice program to handle controlled substances lawfully in the possession of a de-ceased hospice patient for the purpose of dis-posal. H.R. 5102. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a loan re-payment program for substance use disorder treatment employees, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5176. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide co-ordinated care to patients who have experi-enced a non-fatal overdose after emergency room discharge, and for other purposes. H.R. 5197. An act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a demonstration program to test alternative pain management protocols to limit the use of opioids in emergency departments. H.R. 5228. An act to strengthen the au-thorities of the Food and Drug Administra-tion to address counterfeit drugs, illegal and synthetic opioids, and opioid-like sub-stances, and for other purposes. H.R. 5261. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for regional centers of excellence in substance use dis-order education, and for other purposes. H.R. 5272. An act to provide additional guidance to grantees seeking funding to treat or prevent mental health or substance use disorders. H.R. 5327. An act to amend title V of the Public Health Service Act to establish a grant program to create comprehensive opioid recovery centers, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5329. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and en-hance the poison center national toll-free number, national media campaign, and grant program, and for other purposes. H.R. 5353. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and ex-pand a program of surveillance and edu-cation, carried out by the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, regarding in-fections associated with injection drug use. H.R. 5473. An act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to update or issue one or more guidances addressing alter-native methods for data collection on opioid sparing and inclusion of such data in product labeling, and for other purposes. H.R. 5483. An act to impose a deadline for the promulgation of interim final regula-tions in accordance with section 311(h) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 831(h)) specifying the circumstances in which a spe-cial registration may be issued to a practi-tioner to engage in the practice of telemedi-cine, and for other purposes. H.R. 5582. An act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on barriers to ac-cessing abuse-deterrent opioid formulations for individuals enrolled in a plan under part C or D of the Medicare program. H.R. 5583. An act to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to require States to an-nually report on certain adult health quality measures, and for other purposes. H.R. 5587. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize certain re-covery service grants to be used to establish regional technical assistance centers. H.R. 5685. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide edu-cational resources regarding opioid use and pain management as part of the Medicare & You handbook. H.R. 5800. An act to require the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission to conduct an exploratory study and report on requirements applicable to and practices of institutions for mental diseases under the Medicaid program. H.R. 5812. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention to carry out certain activities to prevent controlled substances overdoses, and for other purposes. ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 3:36 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 1869. An act to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistleblower Protection Coordi-nator. S. 2246. An act to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Er-nest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other purposes. H.R. 2333. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. H.R. 4743. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 449. An act to require the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service to sub-mit to Congress a report on the health ef-fects of new psychoactive substances (includ-ing synthetic drugs) use; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4275. An act to provide for the devel-opment and dissemination of programs and materials for training pharmacists, health care providers, and patients on indicators that a prescription is fraudulent, forged, or otherwise indicative of abuse or diversion, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4284. An act to establish a substance use disorder information dashboard within the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4684. An act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to identify or fa-cilitate the development of best practices for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.034 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3905 June 13, 2018 
operating recovery housing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5002. An act to expand the unique re-search initiatives authority of the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5009. An act to include information concerning a patient’s opioid addiction in certain medical records; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5041. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act to authorize the employees of a hospice program to handle controlled substances lawfully in the possession of a de-ceased hospice patient for the purpose of dis-posal; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 5102. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a loan re-payment program for substance use disorder treatment employees, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5176. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide co-ordinated care to patients who have experi-enced a non-fatal overdose after emergency room discharge, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5197. An act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a demonstration program to test alternative pain management protocols to limit the use of opioids in emergency departments; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5228. An act to strengthen the au-thorities of the Food and Drug Administra-tion to address counterfeit drugs, illegal and synthetic opioids, and opioid-like sub-stances, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5261. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for regional centers of excellence in substance use dis-order education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5272. An act to provide additional guidance to grantees seeking funding to treat or prevent mental health or substance use disorders; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5327. An act to amend title V of the Public Health Service Act to establish a grant program to create comprehensive opioid recovery centers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5329. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and en-hance the poison center national toll-free number, national media campaign, and grant program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5353. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and ex-pand a program of surveillance and edu-cation, carried out by the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, regarding in-fections associated with injection drug use; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5473. An act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to update or issue one or more guidances addressing alter-native methods for data collection on opioid sparing and inclusion of such data in product labeling, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5483. An act to impose a deadline for the promulgation of interim final regula-tions in accordance with section 311(h) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 831(h)) specifying the circumstances in which a spe-cial registration may be issued to a practi-tioner to engage in the practice of telemedi-cine, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5582. An act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on barriers to ac-cessing abuse-deterrent opioid formulations for individuals enrolled in a plan under part C or D of the Medicare program; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 5583. An act to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to require States to an-nually report on certain adult health quality measures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 5587. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize certain re-covery services grants to be used to establish regional technical assistance centers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5685. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide edu-cational resources regarding opioid use and pain management as part of the Medicare & You handbook; to the Committee on Fi-nance. H.R. 5800. An act to require the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission to conduct an exploratory study and report on requirements applicable to and practices of institutions for mental diseases under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Fi-nance. H.R. 5812. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention to carry out certain activities to prevent controlled substances overdoses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5895. An act making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5515. A communication from the Super-visory Regulations Specialist, Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Subsistence Management Regulations for Public Lands in Alaska—Ap-plicability and Scope; Tongass National For-est Submerged Lands’’ (RIN1018–BB22) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5516. A communication from the Chair-man, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Abnormal Occur-rences: Fiscal Year (FY) 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5517. A communication from the Wild-life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Subsistence Harvest in Alaska; Harvest Regulations for Migratory Birds in Alaska During the 2018 Season’’ (RIN1018–BC70) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5518. A communication from the Wild-life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Final Frameworks for Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations’’ (RIN1018–BB73) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5519. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Recovery and States Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removing Trichostema austromontanum ssp. compactum (Hidden Lake Bluecurls) from the Federal List of Endangered and Threat-ened Plants’’ (RIN1018–BB39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5520. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Delisting and Foreign Spe-cies, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reclassifying Tobusch Fishhook Cactus from Endangered to Threatened and Adopting a New Scientific Name’’ (RIN1018–BB90) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5521. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Delisting and Foreign Spe-cies, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Reclassifying Echinocereus fendleri var. kuenzleri from Endangered to Threatened’’ (RIN1018–BB89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5522. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Delisting and Foreign Spe-cies, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Removal of the Lesser Long-nosed Bat from the Federal List of Endangered and Threat-ened Wildlife’’ (RIN1018–BB91) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5523. A communication from the Chair-man, Advisory Committee for Trade Policy Negotiations, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress on the Extension of Trade Promotion Author-ity’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5524. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Presidential Appoint-ments, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, thirteen (13) reports rel-ative to vacancies in the Department of State, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–5525. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Least Burdensome Training Audit’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5526. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.007 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3906 June 13, 2018 
pursuant to law, the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s (FDA) annual report on Drug Shortages for Calendar Year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5527. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Formic Acid as a Feed Acidifying Agent in Complete Poultry Feeds’’ ((21 CFR Part 573)(Docket No. FDA–2017–F–2130)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5528. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Listing of Color Additives Subject to Certification; D&C Black No. 4’’ ((21 CFR Part 74)(Docket No. FDA–2017–C– 0935)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5529. A communication from the Chief of the Freedom of Information Act Office, Department of the Army, Department of De-fense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘The Freedom of In-formation Act Program’’ ((RIN0702–AA79)(32 CFR Part 518)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2018; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–245. A resolution adopted by the City Council of the City of Oberlin, Ohio urging the United States Congress to support Car-bon Fee and Dividend as a key element in re-ducing the risks of climate change; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–273). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Kelly Higashi, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. *Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Di-rector of the Office of Government Ethics for a term of five years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , and Ms. C OLLINS ): S. 3058. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the require-ment that the taxpayer’s basis in a building be reduced by the amount of the rehabilita-tion credit determined with respect to such building; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. K AINE, Ms. S
MITH, and Mr. K ING): S. 3059. A bill to require the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission to publish an annual report on the estimated impact in each State of the Medicaid expan-sion added by the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, including the estimated impact that adopting such expansion would have in States that have not expanded their Medicaid coverage; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. M
ORAN , and Mrs. M URRAY ): S. 3060. A bill to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 3061. A bill to promote registered ap-prenticeships, including registered appren-ticeships within in-demand industry sectors, through the support of workforce inter-mediaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. SMITH: S. 3062. A bill to amend the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 to re-quire the Military Veterans Agricultural Li-aison to provide certain outreach to veterans with respect to agricultural employment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. BARRASSO: S. 3063. A bill to delay the reimposition of the annual fee on health insurance providers until after 2020; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R EED, Ms. S MITH, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
YDEN , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): S. 3064. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act, the Labor Management Rela-tions Act, 1947, and the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, 1959, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. Res. 546. A resolution recognizing the significance of Asian/Pacific American Herit-age Month as an important time to celebrate the significant contributions of Asian Ameri-cans and Pacific Islanders to the history of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for dis-ability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 515, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly available list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require dis-closure of the physical location of busi-ness agents engaging in customer serv-ice communications, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EIN-
RICH), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Sen-ator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achieve-ments and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.009 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3907 June 13, 2018 
health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum pe-riod, to eliminate disparities in mater-nal health outcomes for pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1212, a bill to provide family mem-bers of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others, and law enforcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1600 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1600, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make improve-ments in the old-age, survivors, and disability insurance program, and to provide for Social Security benefit pro-tection. 
S. 1814 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 1814, a bill to provide support for the development of middle school career exploration programs linked to career and technical edu-cation programs of study. 
S. 2269 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2269, a bill to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 addi-tional years. 
S. 2559 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2559, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty, and for other purposes. 
S. 2591 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2591, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitration. 
S. 2629 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2629, a bill to improve postal oper-ations, service, and transparency. 
S. 2863 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2863, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint a coin in commemoration of the opening of the National Law Enforcement Mu-seum in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. S. 2885 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2885, a bill to amend the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 to require additional disclosure for pharma-ceutical companies. 
S. 2896 
At the request of Mr. K ENNEDY , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2896, a bill to require dis-closure by lobbyists of convictions for bribery, extortion, embezzlement, ille-gal kickbacks, tax evasion, fraud, con-flicts of interest, making false state-ments, perjury, or money laundering. 
S. 3036 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3036, a bill to limit the separation of families at or near ports of entry. 
S. 3046 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3046, a bill to allow the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into self-determination contracts with In-dian Tribes and Tribal organizations to carry out supplemental nutrition as-sistance programs. 
S. 3047 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Sen-ator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3047, a bill to establish a narcotic drug screening technology pilot pro-gram to combat illicit opioid importa-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 414 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 414, a resolution condemning the continued undemocratic measures by the Government of Venezuela to un-dermine the independence of demo-cratic institutions and calling for a free and fair electoral process. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2290 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2290 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2294 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2294 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 2321 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2321 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2329 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2329 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2347 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2347 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2356 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2356 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2357 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2357 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2366 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2366 proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.013 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3908 June 13, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 2374 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2374 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2411 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Sen-ator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 2411 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2412 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Sen-ator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 2412 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2514 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2514 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2573 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2573 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2630 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. CORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2630 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2642 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2642 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2667 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2667 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2672 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2672 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2725 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2725 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2760 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Ha-waii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Sen-ator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2760 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 2807 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2807 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2819 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 2819 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2840 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2840 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2843 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 2843 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2854 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2854 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.015 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3909 June 13, 2018 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 546—RECOG-NIZING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF ASIAN/PACIFIC AMERICAN HER-ITAGE MONTH AS AN IMPOR-TANT TIME TO CELEBRATE THE SIGNIFICANT CONTRIBUTIONS OF ASIAN AMERICANS AND PACIFIC ISLANDERS TO THE HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. K
AINE, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S
CHUMER , and Ms. W ARREN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 546 Whereas the people of the United States join together each May to pay tribute to the contributions of generations of Asian Ameri-cans and Pacific Islanders who have enriched the history of the United States; Whereas the history of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders in the United States is inextricably tied to the story of the United States; Whereas the Asian American and Pacific Islander community is an inherently diverse population, comprised of over 45 distinct ethnicities and over 100 language dialects; Whereas, according to the Bureau of the Census, the Asian American population grew faster than any other racial or ethnic group over the last decade, surging nearly 72 per-cent between 2000 and 2015; Whereas there are approximately 21,000,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Asian and approximately 1,500,000 residents of the United States who identify themselves as Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, making up nearly 6 percent of the total population of the United States; Whereas the month of May was selected for Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month be-cause the first Japanese immigrants arrived in the United States on May 7, 1843, and the first transcontinental railroad was com-pleted on May 10, 1869, with substantial con-tributions from Chinese immigrants; Whereas section 102 of title 36, United States Code, officially designates May as Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month and requests the President to issue an annual proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe the month with ap-propriate programs, ceremonies, and activi-ties; Whereas 2018 marks several important milestones for the Asian American and Pa-cific Islander community, including— (1) the 120th anniversary of United States v. Wong Kim Ark, 169 U.S. 649 (1898), a Su-preme Court decision that determined that the 14th Amendment grants birthright citi-zenship to all persons born in the United States, regardless of the national origin of their parents; (2) the 75th anniversary of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to repeal the Chinese Exclusion Acts, to establish quotas, and for other pur-poses’’, approved December 17, 1943 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Magnuson Act of 1943’’) (57 Stat. 600, chapter 344), which formally re-pealed the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to execute certain treaty stipulations relating to Chi-nese’’, approved May 6, 1882 (commonly known as the ‘‘Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882’’) (22 Stat. 58, chapter 126); (3) the 30th anniversary of the passage of the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 (50 U.S.C. 4211 et seq.), which granted reparations to Japa-nese Americans incarcerated during World War II; and (4) the 25th anniversary of the enactment of Public Law 103–150 (107 Stat. 1510), which acknowledged the 100th anniversary of the January 17, 1893, overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii and offered an apology to Native Hawaiians on behalf of the United States; Whereas Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers have made significant contributions to the United States at all levels of the Fed-eral Government and the United States Armed Forces, including— (1) Daniel K. Inouye, a Medal of Honor and Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient who, as President Pro Tempore of the Sen-ate, was the highest-ranking Asian American government official in the history of the United States; (2) Dalip Singh Saund, the first Asian American Congressman; (3) Patsy T. Mink, the first woman of color and Asian American woman to be elected to Congress; (4) Hiram L. Fong, the first Asian Amer-ican Senator; (5) Daniel K. Akaka, the first Senator of Native Hawaiian ancestry; (6) Norman Y. Mineta, the first Asian American member of a Presidential cabinet; and (7) Elaine L. Chao, the first Asian Amer-ican woman member of a presidential cabi-net; Whereas the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, a bicameral caucus of Members of Congress advocating on behalf of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, is composed of 63 Members this year, including 17 Members of Asian or Pacific Islander de-scent; Whereas, in 2018, Asian Americans and Pa-cific Islanders are serving in State and Terri-torial legislatures across the United States in record numbers, including in— (1) the States of Alaska, Arizona, Cali-fornia, Connecticut, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, and West Virginia; and (2) the Territories of American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands; Whereas the commitment of the United States to diversity in the judiciary has been demonstrated by the nominations of high- caliber Asian American and Pacific Islander jurists at all levels of the Federal bench; Whereas there remains much to be done to ensure that Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers have access to resources and a voice in the government of the United States and continue to advance in the political land-scape of the United States; and Whereas celebrating Asian/Pacific Amer-ican Heritage Month provides the people of the United States with an opportunity to recognize the achievements, contributions, and history of, and to understand the chal-lenges faced by, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the significance of Asian/Pa-cific American Heritage Month as an impor-tant time to celebrate the significant con-tributions of Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers to the history of the United States; and (2) recognizes that Asian American and Pa-cific Islander communities enhance the rich diversity of and strengthen the United States. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2860. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2861. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2862. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , and Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2863. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2864. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2865. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2866. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2867. Mr. SASSE (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2868. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2869. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2870. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2871. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2872. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.018 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3910 June 13, 2018 
SA 2873. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2874. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2514 submitted by Mr. C
OTTON (for him- self, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. N
ELSON ) and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2875. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2876. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2877. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. S HELBY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2878. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2879. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2880. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2881. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2882. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2883. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2884. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2276 submitted by Mr. B
OOZMAN (for him- self, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. E NZI) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2885. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2276 submitted by Mr. B
OOZMAN (for him- self, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. E NZI) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2886. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B URR, Mr. C ARPER , Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Ms. H ASSAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2887. Mr. SASSE (for himself and Mr. KING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2888. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2889. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2890. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2891. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2892. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2893. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2894. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2895. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2896. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2897. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2898. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2899. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2900. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2901. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2860. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. REPORT ON SUCCESSFUL SUICIDE PRE-VENTION PRACTICES AND INITIA-TIVES OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on successful suicide prevention practices and initiatives of the Department of Defense. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A complete list of all current and planned mental health and suicide preven-tion programs available to members of the Armed Forces, whether provided by the De-partment or through community partner-ships. (2) For each program listed under para-graph (1), the annual funding and number of members of the Armed Forces served. (3) The number of members of the Armed Forces receiving treatment in each such pro-gram who ultimately commit suicide. (4) The metrics used by the Department to track the efficacy of mental health programs of the Department, including an assessment of how those metrics are tracked longitu-dinally. (5) Recommendations for how the Depart-ment of Defense can work more coopera-tively with the Department of Veterans Af-fairs and mental health organizations in the private sector to serve the unique needs of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (6) Recommendations for additional metrics for the Department of Defense to use to better measure the efficacy of each men-tal health program of the Department. (7) Recommendations for how the Depart-ment may better partner with local commu-nities to ensure access to mental health and suicide prevention programs in rural areas. 
SA 2861. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3119. EXTENSION OF LIMITATIONS ON IM-PORTATION OF URANIUM FROM RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 3112A(c) of the USEC Privatization Act (42 U.S.C. 2297h –10a(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A)— (A) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.019 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3911 June 13, 2018 
(B) in clause (vii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(viii) in calendar year 2021, 463,620 kilo-grams; ‘‘(ix) in calendar year 2022, 456,930 kilo-grams; ‘‘(x) in calendar year 2023, 449,810 kilo-grams; ‘‘(xi) in calendar year 2024, 435,933 kilo-grams; ‘‘(xii) in calendar year 2025, 421,659 kilo-grams; ‘‘(xiii) in calendar year 2026, 421,659 kilo-grams; ‘‘(xiv) in calendar year 2027, 394,072 kilo-grams; ‘‘(xv) in calendar year 2028, 386,951 kilo-grams; ‘‘(xvi) in calendar year 2029, 386,951 kilo-grams; and ‘‘(xvii) in calendar year 2030, 375,791 kilo-grams.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the semicolon and inserting a period; and (C) by striking subparagraph (C); (3) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘ref-erence data’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2019’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘lower scenario data in the document of the World Nuclear Association entitled ‘Nuclear Fuel Report: Global Scenarios for Demand and Supply Availability 2017-2035’. In each of cal-endar years 2022, 2025, and 2028’’; and (4) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2030’’. 
SA 2862. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. R
OBERTS , and Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 323. REPORT ON POLICIES TO DEFINE AU-THORITIES OF THE ADVANCED TUR-BINE ENGINE ARMY MAINTENANCE (ATEAM) OF THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD TO MEET REQUIREMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the establish-ment of policies to clearly define Advanced Turbine Engine Army Maintenance (ATEAM) authorities to meet requirements and obligations to maintain engines, trans-missions, and Full Up Power Packs (FUPP) for the Army National Guard, Army Materiel Command (AMC), and foreign military part-ners. The Secretary shall provide a briefing on the contents of the report not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2863. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON PROMOTING THE COMMERCIALIZATION OF DUAL- USE TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of promoting the commercialization of dual-use technology, with a focus on priority defense technology areas that attract funding from venture cap-ital firms in the United States. (b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at one or more leading universities that have expertise in— (1) defense missions; (2) commercialization of technology; and (3) venture capital partnerships. (c) S
CALABILITY .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the pilot program is designed to be scalable. (d) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not less fre-quently than once every six months for the first two years of the pilot program, the Sec-retary shall brief the congressional defense committees on the progress of the Secretary in carrying out the pilot program (e) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) Section 1599g of title 10 of the United States Code, relating to public-private talent exchanges. (2) Section 2368 of such title, relating to Centers for Science, Technology, and Engi-neering Partnerships. (3) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achieve-ments. (4) Section 2474 of such title, relating to Centers of Industrial and Technical Excel-lence. (5) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (6) Section 225 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (7) Section 1711 of such Act, relating to a pilot program on strengthening manufac-turing in the defense industrial base. (8) Section 1603 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 50 U.S.C. 2359), relating to the Proof of Concept Commercialization Pilot Program. (9) Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and development agreements. (f) F
UNDING .— (1) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201, National Innovation Ac-tivities (PE 8888/line 300), for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation is hereby in-creased by $5,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for commercializa-tion of dual-use technology. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount available under paragraph (1) shall be available to carry out the pilot program required by sub-section (a). (3) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for Army Training Information Systems (PE 0605013A) for Army Information Technology Development, as specified in the funding table in section 4201, is hereby decreased by $5,000,000. SA 2864. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1037. REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE AUTHORITY ON AIRLIFT SERVICE BY AIRCRAFT ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CIVIL RESERVE AIR FLEET. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 41106 of title 49, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 411 of that title is amended by striking the item relating to section 41106. 
SA 2865. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON DUAL-USE CERAMICS CAPABILITIES AND PRO-DUCTION TECHNOLOGIES. 
It is the Sense of the Senate that the De-partment of Defense should continue to le-verage advancements in dual-use ceramics capabilities and production technologies, which have demonstrated applicability to critical military uses, including personnel protection and advanced vehicle develop-ment. 
SA 2866. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR AND EXPANSION OF MEMBERSHIP OF THE INTERNATIONAL SPECIAL TRAINING CENTRE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subchapter V of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1207, is further amended by adding at the end the follow new section: ‘‘§ 352. Authority to participate in the Inter-national Special Training Centre. ‘‘(a) P
ARTICIPATION AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, authorize partici-pation in the International Special Training Centre for purposes of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.022 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3912 June 13, 2018 
‘‘(1) conducting additional and advanced training for special operations forces and similar units; and ‘‘(2) collecting, processing, and providing information in consideration of multi-national military missions that may be use-ful to nations for further development of operational and tactical principles and doc-trines, concepts, training, and equipment for special operations and similar units. ‘‘(b) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—(1) Participation in the International Special Training Centre under subsection (a) shall be in accordance with the terms of one or more memoranda of understanding entered into by the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, and the for-eign nation or nations concerned. ‘‘(2) If Department of Defense facilities, equipment, or funds are used to support the International Special Training Centre under subsection (a), the memoranda of under-standing under paragraph (1) shall provide details of any cost-sharing arrangement or other funding arrangement. ‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF APPROPRIATED  F
UNDS .—(1) Funds appropriated to the De-partment of Defense for operation and main-tenance are available as follows: ‘‘(A) To pay the United States share of the operating expenses of the International Spe-cial Training Centre in which the United States participates under this section. ‘‘(B) Except as provided in paragraph (2), to pay the costs of participation in the Inter-national Special Training Centre under this section. ‘‘(2) No funds may be used under this sec-tion to fund the pay or salaries of members of the United States Armed Forces and De-partment of Defense civilian personnel who participate in the International Special Training Centre under this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘352. Authority to participate in the Inter-national Special Training Cen-tre.’’. 
SA 2867. Mr. SASSE (for himself and Mr. T
OOMEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 847, line 2, insert after ‘‘infrastruc-ture.’’ the following: ‘‘The Committee shall not consider the social or economic effects of a transaction, except in cases in which such effects pose an identifiable risk to the na-tional security of the United States.’’. 
SA 2868. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 771, between lines 19 and 20, insert the following: (4) O
PEN SOURCE SOFTWARE .—The term ‘‘open source software’’ means software for which the human-readable source code is available for use, study, re-use, modification, enhancement, and re-distribution by the users of that software. On page 772, line 9, strike ‘‘force protection or’’. On page 773, lines 11 and 12, strike ‘‘a weap-ons system, or computer antivirus’’ and in-sert ‘‘or weapons system’’. On page 773, lines 15 and 16, strike ‘‘prod-uct, system, or service custom-developed’’ and insert ‘‘noncommercial product, system, or service developed’’. On page 773, line 19, strike ‘‘product, sys-tem, or service custom-developed’’ and insert ‘‘noncommercial product, system, or service developed’’. On page 774, line 18, insert ‘‘noncommer-cial’’ before ‘‘information’’. On page 774, line 20, strike ‘‘custom-devel-oped’’ and insert ‘‘developed specifically’’. On page 776, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: (d) L
IMITATIONS .—The requirements of this section shall not apply to the following: (1) Code that is not part of a National Se-curity System. (2) The code of open source software. 
SA 2869. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘Nothing in this Act shall be con-strued as an authorization for use of the United States Armed Forces.’’. 
SA 2870. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division E, add the following: TITLE LXXXVI—AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF COMMERCE UNDER EXPORT CONTROL LAWS 
SEC. 7601. AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF COM-MERCE UNDER EXPORT CONTROLS LAWS. 
Notwithstanding section 6702, nothing in this Act may be construed to limit the au-thority of the Secretary of Commerce under the International Emergency Economic Pow-ers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act), or the Export Administration Regula-tions under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SA 2871. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1037. SEMI-ANNUAL BRIEFINGS ON THE CONVENTIONAL PROMPT STRIKE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2018, and on a semi-annual basis thereafter through October 1, 2022, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the Conventional Prompt Strike program. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each briefing on the Con-ventional Prompt Strike program under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A current overview of the schedule for the program. (2) A current assessment of the status of the program with respect to each of the fol-lowing: (A) Mobility. (B) Survivability. (C) Lethality, (D) Ability to hold high value, time sen-sitive, highly defended targets at risk. (E) Options, with cost estimates, for accel-erating delivery of initial capability. (3) Any currently proposed change in the service leadership of the program, including a detailed justification of any such change. (c) L
IMITATION ON CHANGE IN SERVICE LEAD-
ERSHIP .—No funds available to the Depart-ment of Defense may be used to change the service leadership of the Conventional Prompt Strike program until a briefing on each element in subsection (b), including the element in paragraph (3) of that subsection on a proposed change in the service leader-ship of the program, has been provided to the congressional defense committees. 
SA 2872. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 1271. MEASURES TO IMPROVE DEFENSE PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) D ELAY OF IMPOSITION OF CERTAIN SANC-
TIONS RELATING TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION  
FOR DEFENSE COOPERATION WITH UNITED  S
TATES .—Section 231(c) of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9525(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) D
ELAY OF IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may delay the imposition of sanctions under subsection (a) with respect to a person if, not less fre-quently than every 180 days while the delay is in effect— ‘‘(A) the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.023 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3913 June 13, 2018 
person is substantially reducing the number of significant transactions described in sub-section (a) in which that person engages; or ‘‘(B) except as provided in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(i) the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the government with primary jurisdiction over the person is substantially improving that government’s defense cooperation with the United States; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State jointly certify to the appro-priate congressional committees, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, that the signifi-cant transaction described in subsection (a) for which sanctions would otherwise be im-posed does not— ‘‘(I) endanger the integrity of any multi-lateral alliance of which the United States is a part; ‘‘(II) adversely affect ongoing operations of the Armed Forces of the United States, in-cluding coalition operations in which the Armed Forces of the United States partici-pate; or ‘‘(III) significantly reduce the interoper-ability of the Armed Forces of the United States with the military forces of the coun-try with primary jurisdiction over the per-son. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS FOR STATE SPONSORS OF  
TERRORISM .—The President may not delay the imposition of sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) with respect to a person if the govern-ment with primary jurisdiction over that person has been determined by the Secretary of State to be a government that has repeat-edly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism for purposes of— ‘‘(A) section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Admin-istration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); ‘‘(B) section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)); ‘‘(C) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or ‘‘(D) any other provision of law.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON LICENSE EXCEP -
TION STRATEGIC TRADE AUTHORIZATION FOR  I
NDIA.—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should expeditiously grant India status under the License Exception Strategic Trade Authorization under section 740.20 of title 15, Code of Federal Regula-tions, commensurate with the status of India as a major defense partner of the United States. 
SA 2873. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1249 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1249. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR REMOVAL OF UNITED STATES MILI-TARY FORCES FROM KOREAN PE-NINSULA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) On June 25, 1950, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea (DPRK), under the rule of Kim Il-sung, the grandfather of Kim Jong-un, launched a surprise attack against forces from the Republic of Korea (South Korea) and small contingent of United States forces, thus beginning the Korean War. (2) In June and July of 1950, the United Na-tions Security Council adopted Resolutions 82, 83, and 84 calling for the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea to cease hostilities and withdraw, to recommend that United Nations member nations provide forces to repel the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea attack, and stating any forces pro-vided should be unified under the command of the United States, respectively. (3) Fighting as part of a 1,000,000-strong, 22- nation United Nations force, 36,574 members of the United States Armed Forces and 137,899 members of the South Korean mili-tary lost their lives during the three years of armed hostilities and brutal conflict in the Korean War. (4) On July 27, 1953, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, Chinese People’s Volunteers, and the United Nations signed an armistice agreement ceasing all hos-tilities in Korea and establishing the Demili-tarized Zone (DMZ). (5) Since 1953, lawfully-deployed United States and United Nations forces have re-mained alongside their South Korean coun-terparts, continuing to protect and defend South Korea and deter aggression from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (6) As a lasting testament the blood and treasure lost during the Korean War and the strong and unwavering alliance built from the ashes of the conflict, the Korean War Me-morial in Washington, District of Columbia, and the War Memorial of Korea in Seoul, South Korea, prominently display the fol-lowing inscription: ‘‘Our Nation honors her Sons and Daughters who answered the call to defend a Country they never knew and a peo-ple they never met.’’. (7) The United States maintains a robust, well-trained, and ready force of approxi-mately 28,500 members of the Armed Forces in South Korea, and the presence of the members of the Armed Forces in South Korea demonstrates the continued resolve and support of the United States for the en-during United States-South Korean Alliance. (8) On December 22, 2017, Kim Jong-un stat-ed, ‘‘The rapid development of [North Ko-rea’s] nuclear force is now exerting big influ-ence on the world political structure and strategic environment.’’. (9) On January 1, 2018, Kim Jong-un stated ‘‘The entire United States is within range of our nuclear weapons, and a nuclear button is always on my desk. This is reality, not a threat. This year we should focus on mass producing nuclear warheads and ballistic missiles for operational deployment.’’. (10) Despite 11 standalone United Nations Security Council resolutions against the nu-clear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, 8 of which passed during the rule of Kim Jong- un, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has continued to illegally and unlaw-fully pursue a long-range, nuclear capability meant to hold hostage the United States and threaten the security of the neighbors of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (11) The 2017 National Security Strategy (NSS) states— (A) ‘‘Our alliance and friendship with South Korea, forged by the trials of history, is stronger than ever.’’; (B) ‘‘Allies and partners magnify our power . . . [and] together with our allies, partners, and aspiring partners, the United States will pursue cooperation with reciprocity.’’; and (C) with respect to priority actions in the Indo-Pacific region, ‘‘We will redouble our commitment to established alliances and partnerships, while expanding and deepening relationships with new partners that share respect for sovereignty . . . and the rule of law.’’. (12) Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated, ‘‘Winston Churchill noted that the only thing harder than fighting with allies is fighting without them. History proves that we are stronger when we stand united with others. Accordingly, our military will be de-signed, trained, and ready to fight alongside allies.’’. (13) The 2018 National Defense Strategy (NDS) states, ‘‘Mutually beneficial alliances and partnerships are crucial to our strategy, providing a durable, asymmetric strategic advantage that no competitor or rival can match . . . [and the United States] will strengthen and evolve our alliances and part-nerships into an extended network capable of deterring or decisively acting to meet the shared challenges of our time.’’. (14) The unclassified summary of 2018 NDS, an 11-page document, mentions the term ‘‘al-lies’’ or ‘‘alliances’’ over 50 times. (15) The 2018 NDS states, ‘‘China is a stra-tegic competitor using predatory economics to intimidate its neighbors . . . [and] it is in-creasingly clear that China. . .want[s] to shape a world consistent with their authori-tarian model—gaining veto authority over other nations’ economic, diplomatic, and se-curity decisions.’’. (16) Foreign policy experts have long con-tended that the first priority of the People’s Republic of China on the Korean Peninsula is to ensure that the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea remains a buffer between China and the democratic South Korea and the United States forces deployed on the Ko-rean Peninsula. (17) China continues to provide the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea with most of its food and energy supplies and, until re-cently, accounted for approximately 90 per-cent of the total trade volume of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea. (18) On June 30, 2017, President Donald Trump stated, ‘‘Our goal is peace, stability and prosperity for the region. But the United States will defend itself, always will defend itself, always, and we will always defend our allies. As part of that commitment, we are working together to ensure fair burden shar-ing and support of the United States mili-tary presence in Republic of Korea.’’. (19) South Korea already pays for approxi-mately 50 percent of the total nonpersonal costs of the 28,500 United States members of the Armed Forces on the Korean Peninsula, amounting to $887,500,000 in 2018. (20) President Moon Jae-in has committed to increasing the defense spending of South Korea during his term from the current level 2.4 percent of the gross domestic product to 2.9 percent of the gross domestic product. (21) News reports published in early May 2018 have stated that President Trump asked the Secretary of Defense to provide him with options for removing United States troops from the Korean Peninsula. (22) National Security Advisor John Bolton responded, ‘‘The President has not asked the Pentagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea.’’. (23) A spokesman for the Secretary stated, ‘‘The president has not asked the Pentagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea. The Depart-ment of Defense’s mission in South Korea re-mains the same, and our force posture has not changed. The Department of Defense re-mains committed to supporting the max-imum pressure campaign, developing and maintaining military options for the Presi-dent, and reinforcing our ironclad security commitment with our allies. We all remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.024 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3914 June 13, 2018 
committed to complete, verifiable, and irre-versible denuclearization of the Korean Pe-ninsula.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) South Korea is a close friend and ally of the United States, and the United States- South Korea alliance is the linchpin of peace and security in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) the presence of United States military forces on the Korean Peninsula and across the Indo-Pacific region continues to play a critical role in safeguarding the peaceful and stable rules-based international order that benefits all countries; (3) South Korea has contributed heavily to its own defense and to the defense of the United States Armed Forces in South Korea, including by providing $10,000,000,000 of the $10,800,000,0000 Camp Humphreys project, which is 93 percent of the funding, to build and relocate United States military forces to a new base in South Korea; (4) United States military forces, pursuant to international law, are lawfully deployed on the Korean Peninsula; (5) the nuclear and ballistic missile pro-grams of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea are clear and consistent violations of international law; (6) the long-stated strategic objective of authoritarian states such as the People’s Re-public of China, the Russian Federation, and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has been the significant removal of United States military forces from the Korean Pe-ninsula; (7) the maximum pressure campaign of the Trump Administration, including an in-crease in economic sanctions and diplomatic measures with United States allies and re-gional partners, has worked to bring Kim Jong-un to the negotiation table; and (8) the significant removal of United States military forces from the Korean Peninsula is a non-negotiable item as it relates to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (c) L
IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), none of the funds au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended during the period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, for any of the following purposes: (A) To significantly reduce the size or ca-pability of United States military forces on or around the Korean Peninsula. (B) To decrease the overall military bal-ance of force on or around the Korean Penin-sula. (C) To close or abandon any United States military installation on or around the Ko-rean Peninsula. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the normal and regular flow of United States military forces for deploy-ments in the Indo-Pacific region. (3) W
AIVER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may waive paragraph (1) if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense com-mittees a certification that a waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. (B) E
LEMENT .—The certification for a waiv-er under subparagraph (A) shall include a written justification for the waiver. (4) S
UNSET .—The limitation under para-graph (1) shall terminate on the date on which the Secretary submits to the congres-sional defense committees a certification that the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has carried out complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization. SA 2874. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2514 submitted by Mr. C
OTTON (for himself, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. N
ELSON ) and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 5 of the amendment, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: (f) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of this Act or any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the operation, maintenance, sustainment, or procurement of covered tele-communications equipment or services. 
SA 2875. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONVERSION OF F–22 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Accelerating the modernization upgrade of F–22A Block 20 training and test aircraft would significantly increase the total avail-able inventory of combat-capable F–22A Block 35 fighter aircraft. (2) Converting 34 F–22A Block 20 aircraft to a Block 35 configuration would drastically improve the readiness and health of the en-tire F–22A fleet and increase flexibility to manage availability of the combat-coded Block 35 fleet, which is accumulating more operational flight hours than initially an-ticipated. (3) Making the conversions described in paragraph (2) would be a cost-effective way to increase the F–22’s combat-capable force by 27 percent. (4) If the conversion effort is not included in future base budgets, it would be advisable for the Department of Defense to support the effort as an unfunded priority. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force should accelerate modernization of the F–22 Block 20 training and test aircraft as quickly as possible. 
SA 2876. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. BARRING CITIZENS OF IRAN FROM SEEKING EDUCATION RELATING TO THE NUCLEAR AND ENERGY SEC-TORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 501(a) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syrian Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8771(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) V
ISA DENIAL .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien who is a citizen of Iran if the Secretary of State or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security determines that such alien seeks to enter the United States to participate in coursework at an in-stitution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) to prepare the alien for a career in— ‘‘(A) the energy sector of Iran; or ‘‘(B) nuclear science, nuclear engineering, or a related field in Iran. ‘‘(2) S
TATUS TERMINATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall terminate the lawful immigration status and work author-ization, and revoke any petition of, any alien who is a citizen of Iran if the Secretary of Homeland Security determines such alien has changed his or her program or course of study after admission to the United States to a field that would prepare the alien for a career in the energy sector, nuclear science, nuclear engineering, or a related field in Iran. Any change, or attempted change, in a course of study prohibited under this para-graph constitutes a failure to maintain non-immigrant status under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.).’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to— (1) all visa applications filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) the status of any alien who is a citizen of Iran who has been admitted as, or has changed status to, a nonimmigrant aca-demic, vocational, or exchange student under subparagraph (F), (J), or (M) of section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)), before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2877. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. S HELBY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1002. 
SA 2878. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.024 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3915 June 13, 2018 
himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 713, strike line 18 and all that follows through page 717, line 10. 
SA 2879. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 722, line 17, insert ‘‘, in coordina-tion with the Director of National Intel-ligence and the heads of such elements of the intelligence community as the Director de-termines appropriate,’’ after ‘‘may’’. 
SA 2880. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 726, strike line 2 and all that follows through page 729, line 10, and in-sert the following: the United States Cyber Command and in co-ordination with the Director of National In-telligence and the heads of such elements of the intelligence community as the Director determines appropriate, to take appropriate and proportional action in cyberspace to dis-rupt, defeat, and deter such attacks under the authority and policy of the Secretary of Defense to conduct cyber operations and in-formation operations as traditional military activities. (2) N
OTIFICATION AND REPORTING .— (A) N
OTIFICATION OF OPERATIONS .—In exer- cising the authority provided in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide notices to the congressional defense committees in accord-ance with section 130(f) of title 10, United States Code. (B) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS BY COMMANDER OF  
THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In any fiscal year in which the Commander of the United States Cyber Command carries out an action under para-graph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall, not less frequently than quarterly, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the actions of the Commander under such paragraph in such fiscal year. (ii) M
ANNER OF REPORTING .—Reports sub-mitted under clause (i) shall be submitted in a manner that is consistent with the recur-ring quarterly report required by section 484 of title 10, United States Code. (b) SURVEILLANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of Na-tional Intelligence and the heads of such ele-ments of the intelligence community as the Director determines appropriate and acting through the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and the cyber mission forces of such command, may conduct sur-veillance in networks outside the United States of personnel and organizations en-gaged at the behest or in support of the Rus-sian Federation in— (A) stealing and releasing confidential in-formation from United States persons or supporting organizations who are cam-paigning for public office; (B) generating and planting information and narratives, including the purchase of ad-vertisements, in social and other media in-tended to mislead, sharpen social and polit-ical conflicts, or otherwise manipulate per-ceptions and opinions of the people of the United States; (C) creating networks of subverted com-puters and associated false accounts on so-cial media platforms for the purpose of spreading and amplifying the impact of in-formation and narratives intended to mis-lead, sharpen social and political conflicts, or otherwise manipulate perceptions and opinions of the people of the United States; and (D) developing or using cyber capabilities— (i) to disable, disrupt, or destroy critical infrastructure of the United States; or (ii) to cause— (I) casualties among United States persons or persons of allies of the United States; (II) significant damage to private or public property; (III) significant economic disruption; (IV) an effect, whether individually or in aggregate, comparable to that of an armed attack or one that imperils a vital national security interest of the United States; or (V) significant disruption of the normal functioning of United States democratic so-ciety or government, including attacks against or incidents involving critical infra-structure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or govern-ment. (2) P
RIVATE SECTOR COOPERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence and the heads of such elements of the intelligence community as the Direc-tor determines appropriate, 
SA 2881. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. REPORT ON PEER SUPPORT PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that— (1) makes recommendations on the feasi-bility and advisability of renewing the peer support program of the Department of De-fense known as the Vets4Warriors program, including an assessment, through a public process established by the Secretary, of whether members of the Armed Forces will receive adequate mental health care and re-sources in the absence of such program; (2) evaluates the effectiveness of peer-to- peer counseling in assisting members of the Armed Forces and their families; (3) assesses the success of current peer sup-port programs of the Department; and (4) makes recommendations for serving members of the Armed Forces in need of peer support who are not currently using peer support programs of the Department. SA 2882. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle A of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 520A. PILOT PROGRAM ON ACCESSION AS AIR FORCE OFFICERS OF CAN-DIDATES WHO ARE DEAF OR HAVE OTHER AUDITORY IMPAIRMENTS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of en-rolling individuals who are deaf or have other auditory impairments to access as offi-cers of the Air Force. (b) C
ANDIDATES .— (1) N
UMBER OF CANDIDATES .—The total number of individuals who are deaf or have other auditory impairments who may par-ticipate in the pilot program shall be not fewer than 20 and not more than 24 individ-uals. (2) M
IX AND RANGE OF DEAFNESS AND AUDI -
TORY IMPAIRMENTS .—The individuals who participate in the pilot program shall in-clude individuals who are deaf and individ-uals who have other auditory impairments, including those with cochlear implants. (3) Q
UALIFICATIONS FOR ACCESSION .—Any in- dividual who is chosen to participate in the pilot program shall meet all essential quali-fications for accession as an officer in the Air Force, other than those related to being deaf or having an auditory impairment. (c) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall— (A) publicize the pilot program nationally, including to individuals who are deaf or have other auditory impairments and would be otherwise qualified for officer training; (B) create a process whereby interested in-dividuals can apply for the pilot program; and (C) select the participants for the pilot pro-gram, from among a pool of applicants, based on the criteria in subsection (b). (2) N
O PRIOR SERVICE AS AIR FORCE OFFI -
CERS.—Participants selected for the pilot n program shall be individuals who have not previously served as officers in the Air Force. (d) B
ASIC OFFICER TRAINING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The participants in the pilot n program shall undergo, at the elec-tion of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Basic Officer Training Course or the Com-missioned Officer Training course at Max-well Air Force Base, Alabama. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.027 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3916 June 13, 2018 
(2) N UMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—Once indi-viduals begin participating in the pilot pro-gram, each Basic Officer Training course or commissioned Officer Training course at Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama, shall in-clude not fewer than 4 or more than 6, par-ticipants in the pilot program until all par-ticipants have completed such training. (3) A
UXILIARY AIDS AND SERVICES .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall ensure that partici-pants in the pilot program have the nec-essary auxiliary aids and services, as defined by the Americans with Disabilities Act, in order to fully participate in the pilot pro-gram. (e) C
OORDINATION .— (1) S
PECIAL ADVISOR .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall designate a special advisor to the pilot program to act as a resource for participants in the pilot program, as well as a liaison between participants in the pilot program and those providing the office train-ing. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The special advisor shall be a member of the Armed Forces on active duty— (A) who— (i) if a commissioned officer, shall be grade 0–3 or higher; or (ii) if an enlisted member, shall be in grade E–5 or higher; and (B) who is knowledgeable about issues in-volving, and accommodations for, individ-uals who are deaf or have other auditory im-pairments. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The special advisor shall be responsible for facilitating the offi-cer training for participants in the pilot pro-gram, intervening and resolving issues and accommodations during the training, and such duties as the Secretary of the Air Force may assign to facilitate the success of the pilot program and participants. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (1) A description of the pilot program and the participants in the pilot program. (2) The outcomes of the pilot program, in-cluding— (A) the number of participants in the pilot program that successfully completed the Basic Officer Training Course or the Com-missioned Officer Training course; (B) the number of participants in the pilot program that were recommended for contin-ued military service; (C) the number of participants in the pilot program that did not successfully complete the Basic Officer Training Course or the Commissioned Officer Training course, and reasons participants did not successfully complete their training; (D) accommodations and adaptations used to promote successful completion of the training; (E) the issues that were encountered dur-ing the pilot program; and (F) such recommendations for modifica-tions to the pilot n program as the Secretary considers appropriate to increase further in-clusion of individuals who are deaf or have other auditory disabilities serving as officers in the Air Force or other Armed Forces. (3) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program. (g) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) The Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate; and (2) The Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Education and Workforce, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SA 2883. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1126. LOCALITY PAY EQUITY. 
(a) L IMITING THE NUMBER OF LOCAL WAGE A
REAS DEFINED WITHIN A GENERAL SCHEDULE  P
AYLOCALITY .— (1) L
OCAL WAGE AREA LIMITATION .—Section 5343(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘(but such’’ and all that follows through ‘‘are em-ployed)’’; (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (C) in paragraph (5), by striking the period after ‘‘Islands’’ and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) the Office of Personnel Management shall define not more than 1 local wage area within a pay locality, except that this para-graph shall not apply to the pay locality des-ignated as ‘Rest of United States’.’’. (2) G
ENERAL SCHEDULE PAY LOCALITY DE -
FINED .—Section 5342(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period after ‘‘employee’’ and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) ‘pay locality’ has the meaning given that term under section 5302.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management shall pre-scribe any regulations necessary to carry out the purpose of this section, including regula-tions to ensure that the enactment of this section shall not have the effect of reducing any rate of basic pay payable to any indi-vidual who is serving as a prevailing rate employee (as defined under section 5342(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code). (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply on and after the first day of the first full pay period begin-ning at least 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 2884. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2276 submitted by Mr. B
OOZMAN (for himself, Mr. I NHOFE , Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. E NZI) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: (d) D
ESIGNATION OF STRATEGIC DEFENSE  F
ELLOWS PROGRAM AS JOHNS. M CCAINSTRA-TEGIC DEFENSE FELLOWS PROGRAM .—The Strategic Defense Fellows Program required by section 937 is hereby designated as the ‘‘John S. McCain Strategic Defense Fellows Program’’. 
SA 2885. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2276 submitted by Mr. B
OOZMAN (for himself, Mr. I NHOFE , Mrs. C
APITO , and Mr. E NZI) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 1254A. INEFFECTIVENESS OF SECTION 937. 
Section 937, relating to a Strategic Defense Fellows Program for the Department of De-fense, shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 1254B. JOHN S. MCCAIN STRATEGIC DE-FENSE FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
(a) F ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish within the Department of Defense a civilian fellowship program designed to provide lead-ership development and the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership in the Department. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The fellowship program shall be known as the ‘‘John S. McCain Stra-tegic Defense Fellows Program’’ (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘fellows program’’). (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—An individual is eligible for participation in the fellows program if the individual— (1) is a citizen of the United States or a lawful permanent resident of the United States in the year in which the individual applies for participation in the fellows pro-gram; and (2) either— (A) possesses a graduate degree from an ac-credited institution of higher education in the United States that was awarded not later than two years before the date of the accept-ance of the individual into the fellows pro-gram; or (B) will be awarded a graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States not later than six months after the date of the acceptance of the individual into the fellows program. (c) A
PPLICATION .— (1) A
PPLICATION REQUIRED .—Each indi-vidual seeking to participate in the fellows program shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication therefor at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall specify. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each application of an indi-vidual under this subsection shall include the following: (A) Transcripts of educational achieve-ment at the undergraduate and graduate level. (B) A resume. (C) Proof of citizenship or lawful perma-nent residence. (D) An endorsement from the applicant’s graduate institution of higher education. (E) An academic writing sample. (F) Letters of recommendation addressing the applicant’s character, academic ability, and any extracurricular activities. (G) A personal statement by the applicant explaining career areas of interest and moti-vations for service in the Department. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.025 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3917 June 13, 2018 
(H) Such other information as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (d) S
ELECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Secretary shall select participants in the fellows pro-gram from among applicants for the fellows program for such year who qualify for par-ticipation in the fellows program based on character, commitment to public service, academic achievement, extracurricular ac-tivities, and such other qualifications for participation in the fellows program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) N
UMBER .—The number of individuals se-lected to participate in the fellows program in any year may not exceed the numbers as follows: (A) Ten individuals from each geographic region of the United States as follows: (i) The Northeast. (ii) The Southeast. (iii) The Midwest. (iv) The Southwest. (v) The West. (B) Ten additional individuals. (3) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—An indi- vidual selected to participate in the fellows program may not participate in the program unless the individual successfully undergoes a background investigation applicable to the position to which the individual will be as-signed under the fellows program and other-wise meets such requirements applicable to assignment to a sensitive position within the Department that the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (e) A
SSIGNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each individual who par-ticipates in the fellows program shall be as-signed to a position in the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense. (2) P
OSITION REQUIREMENTS .—Each Under Secretary of Defense and each Director of a Defense Agency who reports directly to the Secretary shall submit to the Secretary each year the qualifications and skills to be dem-onstrated by participants in the fellows pro-gram to qualify for assignment under this subsection for service in a position of the of-fice of such Under Secretary or Director. (3) A
SSIGNMENT TO POSITIONS .—The Sec- retary shall each year assign participants in the fellows program to positions in the of-fices of the Under Secretaries and Directors described in paragraph (2). In making such assignments, the Secretary shall seek to best match the qualifications and skills of par-ticipants in the fellows program with the re-quirements of positions available for assign-ment. Each participant so assigned shall serve as a special assistant to the Under Sec-retary or Director to whom assigned. (4) T
ERM.—The term of each assignment under the fellows program shall be one year. (5) P
AY AND BENEFITS .—An individual as-signed to a position under the fellows pro-gram shall be compensated at the rate of compensation for employees at level GS–10 of the General Schedule, and shall be treated as an employee of the United States during the term of assignment, including for pur-poses of eligibility for health care benefits and retirement benefits available to employ-ees of the United States. (6) E
DUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT .—To the extent that funds are provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary may repay any loan of a participant in the fellows program if the loan is described by subpara-graph (A), (B), or (C) of section 16301(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code. Any repayment of loans under this paragraph shall be on a first-come, first-served basis. (f) C
AREER DEVELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that participants in the fellows pro-gram— (A) receive opportunities and support ap-propriate for the commencement of a career track within the Department leading toward a future position of senior leadership within the Department, including ongoing mentorship support through appropriate per-sonnel from entities within the Department such as the Defense Business Board and the Defense Innovation Board; and (B) are provided appropriate opportunities for employment and advancement within the Department upon successful completion of the fellows program. (2) RESERVATION OF POSITIONS .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall re-serve for participants who successfully com-plete the fellows program not fewer than 30 positions in the excepted service within the Department that are suitable for the com-mencement of a career track toward senior leadership within the Department. Any posi-tion so reserved shall not be subject to or covered by any reduction in headquarters personnel required under any other provision of law. (3) N
ONCOMPETITIVE APPOINTMENT .—Upon the successful completion of the assignment of a participant in the fellows program in a position pursuant to subsection (e), the Sec-retary may, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, appoint the participant to a position reserved pursuant to paragraph (2) if the Secretary determines that such ap-pointment will contribute to the develop-ment of highly qualified future senior lead-ers for the Department. (4) P
UBLICATION OF SELECTION .—The Sec- retary shall publish on an Internet website of the Department available to the public the names of the individuals selected to par-ticipate in the fellows program. (g) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall under-take appropriate outreach to inform poten-tial participants in the fellows program of the nature and benefits of participation in the fellows program. (h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out this section in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary may pre-scribe for purposes of this section. (i) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, $10,000,000 may be available to carry out the fellows program in such fiscal year. 
SA 2886. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B URR, Mr. C
ARPER , Ms. C ANTWELL , and Ms. H AS-
SAN) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 316. COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS WITH STATES FOR REMOVAL AND REME-DIAL ACTIONS TO ADDRESS DRINK-ING, SURFACE, AND GROUND WATER CONTAMINATION FROM PFAS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘perfluorinated compound’’ means perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) that are man-made chemicals with at least one fully fluorinated carbon atom. (2) The term ‘‘fully fluorinated carbon atom’’ means a carbon atom on which all the hydrogen substituents have been replaced by fluorine. (3) The term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601). (b) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon request from the governor or chief executive of a State, the Department of Defense shall work expedi-tiously to finalize a cooperative agreement for, or amend an existing cooperative agree-ment to address, testing, monitoring, re-moval, and remedial actions to address con-tamination or suspected contamination of drinking, surface, or ground water from PFAS originating from an active or decom-missioned military installation, including a National Guard facility. (2) M
INIMUM STANDARDS .—A cooperative agreement finalized or amended under para-graph (1) shall meet or exceed the most stringent of the following standards for PFAS in any environmental media: (A) An enforceable State standard, in ef-fect in that State, for drinking, surface, or ground water, as required under section 121(d) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 4621(d)). (B) Federal Health Advisories issued by the Environmental Protection Agency. (C) Any Federal standards, requirements, criteria, or limits, including those issued under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.), the Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Marine Protec-tion, Research and Sanctuaries Act (16 U.S.C. 1431 et seq., 1447 et seq., 33 U.S.C. 1401 et seq., 2801 et seq.), or the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (c) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If a cooperative agree-ment is not reached or amended pursuant to subsection (b) within one year after the re-quest from a State, the Secretary of Defense shall report to the appropriate congressional committees, as well as the Senators from the State with the contamination and the mem-ber of Congress representing the district with the PFAS contamination. The report shall provide a detailed explanation for why an agreement has not been reached or amended and a projected timeline for com-pleting or amending the cooperative agree-ment, as applicable. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2887. Mr. SASSE (for himself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.026 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3918 June 13, 2018 
At the end of part I of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. STUDY ON CYBEREXPLOITATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR FAMILIES. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall complete a study on the cyberexploitation of the per-sonal information and accounts of members of the Armed Forces and their families. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the vulnerability of members of the Armed Forces and their fam-ilies to inappropriate access to their per-sonal information and accounts of such members and their families, including iden-tification of particularly vulnerable sub-populations. (2) Creation of a catalogue of past and cur-rent efforts by foreign governments and non- state actors at the cyberexploitation of the personal information and accounts of mem-bers of the Armed Forces and their families, including an assessment of the purposes of such efforts and their degrees of success. (3) An assessment of the actions taken by the Department of Defense to educate mem-bers of the Armed Forces and their families, including particularly vulnerable subpopula-tions, about and actions that can be take to otherwise reduce these threats. (4) Assessment of the potential for the cyberexploitation of misappropriated images and videos as well as deep fakes. (5) Development of recommendations for policy changes to reduce the vulnerability of members of the Armed Forces and their fam-ilies to cyberexploitation, including rec-ommendations for legislative or administra-tive action. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the Secretary with respect to the study required by sub-section (a). (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘cyberexploitation’’ means the use of digital means to obtain access to an individual’s personal information without authorization. (2) The term ‘‘deep fake’’ means the digital insertion of a person’s likeness into or dig-ital alteration of a person’s likeness in vis-ual media, such as photographs and videos, without the person’s permission and with malicious intent. 
SA 2888. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DE-TENTION OF CITIZENS AND LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No citizen or lawful per-manent resident of the United States may be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United States Department of Defense or De-fense Department operated facility unless such imprisonment or detention is con-sistent with the Constitution and is carried out pursuant to an Act of Congress that ex-pressly authorizes such imprisonment or de-tention. (b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, may not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the United States. (2) Paragraph (1) shall apply to an author-ization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this subsection. (3) This section may not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of a citizen of the United States, a lawful perma-nent resident of the United States, or any other person who is apprehended in the United States. SA 2889. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DE-TENTION OF CITIZENS AND LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No citizen or lawful per-manent resident of the United States may be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United States Department of Defense or De-fense Department operated facility unless such imprisonment or detention is con-sistent with the Constitution and is carried out pursuant to an Act of Congress that ex-pressly authorizes such imprisonment or de-tention. (b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, may not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the United States. (2) Paragraph (1) shall apply to an author-ization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this subsection. (3) This section may not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of a citizen of the United States, a lawful perma-nent resident of the United States, or any other person who is apprehended in the United States. 
SA 2890. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. ANNUAL LIST OF SBIR AWARDS. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) A
NNUAL LIST OF LOWPARTICIPATION  S
TATES .—Each Federal agency participating in the SBIR program shall include in the re-port required under subsection (b)(7), for the preceding 12-month period— ‘‘(1) a list of the number of SBIR awards provided to small business concerns in each State; and ‘‘(2) a plan to increase the number of SBIR awards provided to small business concerns located in the 20 States listed under para-graph (1) with the lowest number of SBIR awards.’’. 
SA 2891. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1250. SENSE OF SENATE ON INCORPORA-TION OF NON-NUCLEAR NAVAL PRO-PULSION AND TECHNOLOGY SYS-TEMS MANUFACTURED IN THE UNITED STATES INTO THE NAVAL VESSELS OF UNITED STATES ALLIES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that, con-sistent with the Conventional Arms Transfer Policy of the United States Government re-cently updated to promote policies that strengthen our allies and partners around the world and preserve peace while creating American manufacturing jobs— (1) it is in the interest of the United States that non-nuclear naval propulsion and tech-nology systems manufactured in the United States be incorporated into warships of na-vies of close allies of the United States, in-cluding Australia, Canada, India, South Korea, Taiwan, and other countries pursuing the modernization of their fleets; and (2) naval cooperation arising from the in-corporation of such systems into such war-ships will— (A) help guarantee interoperability and commonality of warfighting systems be-tween the United States and our allies in the Indo-Pacific region; and (B) promote the expansion of the dyna-mism and innovation of the defense industry manufacturing supply chain in the United States. 
SA 2892. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 872, line 5, insert ‘‘or by’’ after ‘‘Information to’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.030 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3919 June 13, 2018 
On page 876, between lines 6 and 7, insert the following: 
SEC. 1716. INFORMATION SHARING BY CON-GRESS. 
Section 721(g)(2)(A) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(g)(2)(A)) is amended by striking the second sentence. 
SA 2893. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. DESIGNATION OF BERYLLIUM AS SPE-CIALTY METAL. 
Section 2533b(l) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) Beryllium and beryllium base alloys.’’. 
SA 2894. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SECTION 1637. UKRAINE CYBERSECURITY CO-OPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States established diplo-matic relations with Ukraine in 1992, fol-lowing Ukraine’s independence from the So-viet Union. (2) The United States attaches great im-portance to the success of Ukraine’s transi-tion to a modern democratic country with a flourishing market economy. (3) In an effort to undermine democracy in Ukraine, hackers targeted the country’s vot-ing infrastructure just days before its 2014 presidential election. (4) In December 2015, a malicious cyber in-trusion into Ukrainian electric utility com-panies resulted in widespread power outages. (5) As a result of the December 2015 cyber incident, the United States sent an inter-agency team to Ukraine, including rep-resentatives from the Department of Energy, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the North American Electric Reliability Cor-poration, to help with the investigation and to assess the vulnerability of Ukraine’s in-frastructure to cyber intrusion. The visit was followed up by another interagency dele-gation to Ukraine in March 2016 and a May 2016 United States-Ukrainian tabletop exer-cise on mitigating attacks against Ukraine’s infrastructure. (6) In response to an escalating series of cyber attacks on the country’s critical infra-structure—including its national railway system, its major stock exchanges, and its busiest airport—President Petro Poroshenko declared that ‘‘Cyberspace has turned into another battlefield for state independence.’’. (7) In May 2017, Ukraine cited activities on Russian social media platforms, including pro-Russian propaganda and offensive cyber operations, as threats to Ukrainian national security. (8) Following the June 2017 Petya malware event—a global cyber incident that pri-marily affected Ukraine—the Secretary Gen-eral of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO) said ‘‘the cyber attacks we have seen. . . very much highlight the importance of the support, the help NATO provides. . . gives. . . or provides to Ukraine to strength-en its cyber defenses, technical and other kinds of support. We will continue to do that and it’s an important part of our cooperation with Ukraine.’’. (9) In September 2017, the United States and Ukraine conducted the first United States-Ukraine Bilateral Cyber Dialogue in Kyiv, during which both sides affirmed their commitment to an internet that is open, interoperable, reliable, and secure, and the United States announced $5 million in new cyber assistance to strengthen Ukraine’s ability to prevent, mitigate, and respond to cyber attacks. (b) STATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to— (1) reaffirm the United States-Ukraine Charter on Strategic Partnership, which highlights the importance of the bilateral re-lationship and outlines enhanced coopera-tion in the areas of defense, security, eco-nomics and trade, energy security, democ-racy, and cultural exchanges; (2) support continued cooperation between NATO and Ukraine; (3) support Ukraine’s political and eco-nomic reforms; (4) reaffirm the commitment of the United States to the Budapest Memorandum on Se-curity Assurances; (5) assist Ukraine’s efforts to enhance its cybersecurity capabilities; and (6) improve Ukraine’s ability to respond to Russian-supported disinformation and propa-ganda efforts in cyberspace, including through social media and other outlets. (c) U
NITED STATES CYBERSECURITY CO-
OPERATION WITHUKRAINE .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should take the following actions, commensurate with United States interests, to assist Ukraine to improve its cybersecurity: (A) Provide Ukraine such support as may be necessary to secure government computer networks from malicious cyber intrusions, particularly such networks that defend the critical infrastructure of Ukraine. (B) Provide Ukraine support in reducing reliance on Russian information and commu-nications technology. (C) Assist Ukraine to build its capacity, ex-pand cybersecurity information sharing, and cooperate on international cyberspace ef-forts. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on United States cybersecurity cooperation with Ukraine. The report shall also include infor-mation relating to the following: (A) United States efforts to strengthen Ukraine’s ability to prevent, mitigate, and respond to cyber incidents, including through training, education, technical as-sistance, capacity building, and cybersecu-rity risk management strategies. (B) The potential for new areas of collabo-ration and mutual assistance between the United States and Ukraine in addressing shared cyber challenges, including cybercrime, critical infrastructure protec-tion, and resilience against botnets and other automated, distributed threats. (C) NATO’s efforts to help Ukraine develop technical capabilities to counter cyber threats. SA 2895. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3119. EXTENDING THE AUTHORIZATION OF THE EEOICPA OMBUDSMAN. 
Section 3686 of the Energy Employees Oc-cupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 7385s–15(h)) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘October 28, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘October 28, 2024’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary to carry out this section. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS DISCRETIONARY SPEND -
ING.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(i) shall not be appropriated to the ac-count established under subsection (a) of sec-tion 151 of title I of division B of Appendix D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–251); and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to subsection (b) of that section. ‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION .—No amounts appro-priated under section 3684 shall be made available to carry out this section.’’. 
SA 2896. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT RELATING TO FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of De-fense, shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that examines the feasibility of requiring by 2025 a tour of not less than one year in the Department of Defense, excluding educational opportuni-ties, for any foreign service officer of the De-partment of State to be considered for the senior foreign service. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.028 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3920 June 13, 2018 
(1) The number of senior foreign service of-ficers who, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, have done a tour of at least one year in the Department of Defense. (2) The total number of senior foreign serv-ice officers. (3) The average number of senior foreign service officers inducted annually during the 10 years preceding the date of the enactment of this Act; (4) The total number of Department of State political advisors stationed in the De-partment of Defense, including in which commands or offices such political advisors serve; (5) The total number of Department of De-fense military advisors stationed in the De-partment of State (excluding defense at-taches, senior defense officials, and other De-partment of Defense personnel stationed in embassies) and the offices in which such military advisors serve. (6) A description of the process and an as-sessment of the resources needed for the tour requirement to begin in 2025. (7) Any costs associated with such require-ment. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2897. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SYRIAN WAR CRIMES ACCOUNT-ABILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) March 2017 marks the sixth year of the ongoing conflict in Syria. (2) As of February 2017— (A) more than 13,000,000 people are in need of humanitarian assistance in Syria; (B) approximately 6,600,000 people are dis-placed from their homes inside Syria; and (C) approximately 5,600,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring countries as refugees. (3) Since the conflict in Syria began, the United States has provided more than $8,000,000,000 to meet humanitarian needs in Syria, making the United States the world’s single largest donor by far to the Syrian hu-manitarian response. (4) In response to growing concerns over systemic human rights violations in Syria, the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic (re-ferred to in this subsection as ‘‘COI’’) was es-tablished on August 22, 2011. The purpose of COI is to ‘‘investigate all alleged violations of international human rights law since March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic, to establish the facts and circumstances that may amount to such violations and of the crimes perpetrated and, where possible, to identify those responsible with a view to en-suring that perpetrators of violations, in-cluding those that may constitute crimes against humanity, are held accountable’’. (5) Millions of Syrian refugees and inter-nally displaced persons will face enormous difficulties returning to their homes in Syria unless President Bashar al-Assad is no longer in power. (6) On December 21, 2016, the United Na-tions General Assembly adopted a resolution to establish the International, Impartial and Independent Mechanism to Assist in the In-vestigation and Prosecution of Those Re-sponsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011. (7) In 2017, then Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated ‘‘ISIS is clearly responsible for genocide against Yezidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims in areas it controls or has con-trolled. ISIS is also responsible for crimes against humanity and ethnic cleansing di-rected at these same groups, and in some cases against Sunni Muslims, Kurds, and other minorities . . . . The protection of these groups, and others subject to violent extremism, is a human rights priority for the Trump administration.’’. (8) On February 7, 2017, Amnesty Inter-national reported that between 5,000 and 13,000 people were extrajudicially executed in the Saydnaya Military Prison between Sep-tember 2011 and December 2015. (9) In February 2017, COI released a re-port— (A) stating that a joint United Nations- Syrian Arab Red Crescent convoy in Orum al-Kubra, Syria, was attacked by air on Sep-tember 19, 2016; (B) explaining that the attack killed at least 14 civilian aid workers, injured at least 15 others, and destroyed trucks, food, medi-cine, clothes, and other supplies; and (C) concluding that ‘‘the attack was me-ticulously planned and ruthlessly carried out by the Syrian air force to purposefully hinder the delivery of humanitarian aid and target aid workers, constituting the war crimes of deliberately attacking humani-tarian relief personnel, denial of humani-tarian aid and targeting civilians.’’. (10) On October 26, 2017, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons- United Nations Joint Investigative Mecha-nism transmitted its sixth report, which con-cluded that the Syrian Arab Armed Forces and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) have both used chemical weapons against villages in Syria, including the use of sarin by the forces of the Government of Syria in Khan Sheikhoun in April 2017. (11) On August 8, 2017, COI released a report stating that certain offenses, including de-liberately attacking hospitals, holding back humanitarian aid as a tactic to control civil-ian populations, and the continued use of chemical weapons against civilians, con-stitute war crimes and crimes against hu-manity. (12) Physicians for Human Rights reported that, between March 2011 and the end of De-cember 2017, Syrian government and allied forces— (A) had committed 446 attacks on 330 sepa-rate medical facilities (including through the use of indiscriminate barrel bombs on at least 80 occasions); and (B) had killed 847 medical personnel. (13) The Department of State’s 2017 Coun-try Reports on Human Rights Practices— (A) states that President Bashar al-Assad ‘‘engaged in frequent violations and abuses, including massacres, indiscriminate killings, kidnapping of civilians, arbitrary detentions, and rape as a war tactic.’’; (B) explains that ‘‘these attacks included bombardment with improvised explosive de-vices, commonly referred to as ‘barrel bombs’ . . .’’; and (C) reports that ‘‘[t]he government [of Syria] continued the use of torture and rape, including of children’’. (14) In February 2016, COI reported that— (A) ‘‘crimes against humanity continue to be committed by [Syrian] Government forces and by ISIS’’; (B) the Syrian government has ‘‘com-mitted the crimes against humanity of ex-termination, murder, rape or other forms of sexual violence, torture, imprisonment, en-force disappearance and other inhuman acts’’; and (C) ‘‘[a]ccountability for these and other crimes must form part of any political solu-tion’’. (15) Credible civil society organizations collecting evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria re-port that at least 12 countries in western Eu-rope and North America have requested as-sistance on investigating such crimes. (16) In April 2018, the COI— (A) reported at least 34 chemical attacks during the period beginning in 2013 and end-ing in January 2018, many of which— (i) used chlorine or sarin, a nerve agent; and (ii) were conducted by the Government of Syria. (17) According to the World Health Organi-zation, following the April 7, 2018, chemical weapons attack in Douma, Eastern Ghouta, an estimated 500 people were treated for ‘‘signs and symptoms consistent with expo-sure to toxic chemicals’’. (18) On April 13, 2018, United States Ambas-sador to the United States Nikki Haley stat-ed: ‘‘The United States estimates that Assad has used chemical weapons in the Syrian war at least 50 times. Public estimates are as high as 200.’’ (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) strongly condemns— (A) the ongoing violence, use of chemical weapons, targeting of civilian populations with barrel, incendiary, and cluster bombs and SCUD missiles, and systematic gross human rights violations carried out by the Government of Syria and pro-government forces under the direction of President Bashar al-Assad; and (B) all abuses committed by violent ex-tremist groups and other combatants in-volved in the civil war in Syria; (2) denounces the roles Iran and Russia have played in perpetuating the conflict in Syria, and their involvement in the commis-sion of crimes against humanity; (3) expresses its support for the people of Syria seeking democratic change; (4) urges all parties to the conflict— (A) to immediately halt indiscriminate at-tacks on civilians; (B) to allow for the delivery of humani-tarian and medical assistance; and (C) to end sieges of civilian populations; (5) calls on the President to support efforts in Syria, and on the part of the international community, to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide committed during the conflict; (6) affirms— (A) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s statement on October 26, 2017, that ‘‘the United States wants a whole and unified Syria with no role for Bashar al-Assad in the government’’; and (B) former Secretary of State John Kerry’s January 23, 2014 statement on Al Arabiya, that ‘‘this should be about all of the people in Syria and the future of Syria. And Assad right now is the one person who stands in the way of peace and the future of Syria’’; and (7) supports the request in United Nations Security Council Resolutions 2139 (2014), 2165 (2014), and 2191 (2014) for the Secretary-Gen-eral to regularly report to the Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.029 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3921 June 13, 2018 
Council on implementation on the resolu-tions, including of paragraph 2 of Resolution 2139, which ‘‘demands that all parties imme-diately put an end to all forms of violence [and] cease and desist from all violations of international humanitarian law and viola-tions and abuses of human rights’’. (c) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR C
RIMES , C RIMES AGAINST HUMANITY , AND G
ENOCIDE IN SYRIA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and another such re-port not later than 180 days after the Sec-retary of State determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide per-petrated during the civil war in Syria, in-cluding— (i) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; (ii) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other com-batants in the conflict; (iii) any incidents that may violate the principle of medical neutrality and, if pos-sible, the identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (iv) if possible, a description of the conven-tional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; and (B) a description and assessment by the Department of State Office of Global Crimi-nal Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, the Department of Justice, and other appropriate agencies of programs that the United States Govern-ment has undertaken to ensure account-ability for war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of Presi-dent Bashar al-Assad, violent extremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (i) to train investigators within and out-side of Syria on how to document, inves-tigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide, in-cluding— (I) the number of United States Govern-ment or contract personnel currently des-ignated to work full-time on these issues; and (II) the identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support such training efforts; (ii) to promote and prepare for a transi-tional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011; (iii) to document, collect, preserve, and protect evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria, in-cluding support for Syrian, foreign, and international nongovernmental organiza-tions, and other entities, including the Inter-national, Impartial and Independent Mecha-nism to Assist in the Investigation and Pros-ecution of Persons Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011 and the Independent Inter-national Commission of Inquiry on the Syr-ian Arab Republic; and (iv) to assess the influence of account-ability measures on efforts to reach a nego-tiated settlement to the Syrian conflict dur-ing the reporting period. (3) FORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) may be submitted in unclassified or classified form, but shall include a publicly available annex. (4) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI -
DENCE .—The Secretary shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly dis-closed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the de-struction of evidence by the Government of Syria, violent extremist groups, anti-govern-ment forces, or any other combatants or par-ticipants in the conflict. (d) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall— (1) complete a study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Syria, including a hybrid tribunal, to address war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Syria beginning in March 2011; and (2) submit a detailed report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including recommendations on which transi-tional justice mechanisms the United States Government should support, why such mech-anisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered, to— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (e) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR C
RIMES , C RIMES AGAINST HUMANITY , AND G
ENOCIDE IN SYRIA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and another such re-port not later than 180 days after the Sec-retary of State determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide per-petrated during the civil war in Syria, in-cluding— (i) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; (ii) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other com-batants in the conflict; (iii) any incidents that may violate the principle of medical neutrality and, if pos-sible, the identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (iv) if possible, a description of the conven-tional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; and (B) a description and assessment by the Department of State Office of Global Crimi-nal Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, the Department of Justice, and other appropriate agencies of programs that the United States Govern-ment has undertaken to ensure account-ability for war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of Presi-dent Bashar al-Assad, violent extremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (i) to train investigators within and out-side of Syria on how to document, inves-tigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide, in-cluding— (I) the number of United States Govern-ment or contract personnel currently des-ignated to work full-time on these issues; and (II) the identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support such training efforts; (ii) to promote and prepare for a transi-tional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011; (iii) to document, collect, preserve, and protect evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria, in-cluding support for Syrian, foreign, and international nongovernmental organiza-tions, and other entities, including the Inter-national, Impartial and Independent Mecha-nism to Assist in the Investigation and Pros-ecution of Persons Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011 and the Independent Inter-national Commission of Inquiry on the Syr-ian Arab Republic; and (iv) to assess the influence of account-ability measures on efforts to reach a nego-tiated settlement to the Syrian conflict dur-ing the reporting period. (3) FORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) may be submitted in unclassified or classified form, but shall include a publicly available annex. (4) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI -
DENCE .—The Secretary shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly dis-closed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the de-struction of evidence by the Government of Syria, violent extremist groups, anti-govern-ment forces, or any other combatants or par-ticipants in the conflict. (f) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall— (1) complete a study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Syria, including a hybrid tribunal, to address war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Syria beginning in March 2011; and (2) submit a detailed report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including recommendations on which transi-tional justice mechanisms the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.032 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3922 June 13, 2018 
Government should support, why such mech-anisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered, to— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House and Senate. (g) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice and other appro-priate Federal agencies, is authorized to pro-vide appropriate assistance to support enti-ties that, with respect to war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, all forces fighting on its behalf, and all non- state armed groups fighting in the country, including violent extremist groups in Syria beginning in March 2011— (A) identify suspected perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide; (B) collect, document, and protect evidence of crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence; (C) conduct criminal investigations; (D) build Syria’s investigative and judicial capacities and support prosecutions in the domestic courts of Syria, provided that President Bashar al-Assad is no longer in power; (E) support investigations by third-party states, as appropriate; or (F) protect witnesses that may be helpful to prosecutions or other transitional justice mechanisms. (2) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State, after consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and the appropriate con-gressional committees, and taking into ac-count the findings of the transitional justice study required under subsection (f), is au-thorized to provide assistance to support the creation and operation of transitional justice mechanisms, including a potential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011. (3) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of State shall provide detailed, biannual briefings to the appropriate congressional committees de-scribing the assistance provided to entities described in paragraph (1). (4) L
IMITATION ON ASSISTANCE .—The Sec- retary of State may not provide any funding authorized under this Act to the Government of Syria led by Bashar al-Assad or to any of-ficial representative of such government until after the Secretary rescinds Syria’s designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. (h) S
TATE DEPARTMENT REWARDS FOR JUS-
TICE PROGRAM .—Section 36(b)(10) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(b)(10)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, or genocide committed in Syria be-ginning in March 2011)’’ after ‘‘genocide’’. (i) I
NDEPENDENT INTERNATIONAL COMMIS -
SION OF INQUIRY ON THE SYRIAN ARABREPUB -
LIC.—The Secretary of State, acting through the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, should use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to advocate that the United Nations Human Rights Council, while the United States remains a member, annu-ally extend the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic until the Commission has completed its investigation of all alleged violations of international human rights laws beginning in March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic. (j) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to violate the American Servicemembers’ Protection Act of 2002 (title II of Public Law 107–206). (k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section : (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services; and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs; the Committee on Armed Services; and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives. (2) G
ENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘genocide’’ means any offense described in section 1091(a) of title 18, United States Code. (3) H
YBRID TRIBUNAL .—The term ‘‘hybrid tribunal’’ means a temporary criminal tri-bunal that involves a combination of domes-tic and international lawyers, judges, and other professionals to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide. (4) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—The term ‘‘transitional justice’’ means the range of ju-dicial, nonjudicial, formal, informal, retribu-tive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes— (A) to redress legacies of atrocities; and (B) to promote long-term, sustainable peace. (5) W
AR CRIME .—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 2898. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES IN FORCE STRUCTURE OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—Except as provided under subsection (d) and consistent with no-tification requirements set forth under sec-tion 993(a) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Army shall, as provided under subsection (b), notify the congres-sional defense committees and congressional members of the affected States of changes in force structure of a battalion-size unit or other units of approximately 500 members assigned at a military installation. In deter-mining the change in force structure of a lo-cality, the Secretary shall take into consid-eration both short-term and long-term cost factors. (b) N
OTICE REQUIREMENTS .—No action may be taken to effect or implement a change in force structure described under subsection (a) until— (1) the Secretary of the Army— (A) submits to Congress a notice of the proposed change in force structure, including the detailed scoring data analyzed by the Army and a justification for any changes to the methodology, attributes in the Military Value Analysis, and other categories weighed at the direction of the Secretary; and (B) includes in the notice a report on the change in force structure as described under subsection (c); and (2) a period of 60 days expires following the day on which the notice is submitted to the congressional defense committees and con-gressional members of the affected States as appropriate. (c) REPORT ON THE CHANGE IN FORCE STRUC -
TURE .—The report referred to under sub-section (b)(1)(B) is a report from the Sec-retary of the Army on the changes in force structure, including updates to the Proce-dures for Army Stationing related to the changes in force structure, as follows: (1)(A) Military Value Analysis training at-tribute data and scoring for contiguous and non-contiguous training areas, including air-space, according to the associated installa-tion, as separate and distinct training areas measured by average daily use and the cost of use. (B) For purposes of determining training areas pursuant to this paragraph, non-con-tiguous training areas owned by the Na-tional Guard or other government agencies with formal agreements with the Army may be considered under the Military Value Anal-ysis training attribute as a separate and dis-tinct training area measured by average daily use and the cost of use. (2) A standardized explanatory statement for each associated installation with a non- contiguous training area attribute that in-cludes a justification for its use as it relates to the specific change in force structure under consideration and the cost and benefit to access a non-contiguous training area due to geographic separation, as described in De-partment of the Army Pamphlet (DA PAM) 5–13. (3) Military Value Analysis investment at-tribute data and scoring for infrastructure surrounding each associated installation, in-cluding housing, schools, and transportation, funded by State or local governments and communities measured by the last five fiscal years. (4)(A) Programmatic Environmental As-sessment data and scoring for the projected cost of military construction and sustainment, restoration, and maintenance requirements, according to each associated installation, as separate and distinct meas-urements projected by the Future Year De-fense Program planning to meet change in force structure mission requirements. (B) For purposes of this paragraph, relocatable buildings or structures des-ignated as temporary that are not eligible to receive sustainment, restoration, and main-tenance funding, shall be measured as sepa-rate and distinct buildings or structures for each associated installation. (5) Projected cost savings or cost avoidance to the Army that may impact the long-term total cost of the change in force structure, including total lifecycle cost factors of in-stallation energy and utility costs, installa-tion operating cost, installation renovation and maintenance cost, and the rate of basic allowance for housing. (6) Projected cost savings to the Army and force structure unit members and their de-pendents measured by State and local ex-emptions in the form of a tax credit, State professional license reciprocity, education, employment, or other benefits as determined by the Secretary. (d) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Army may waive the notice and reporting require-ments under this subsection on a case-by- case basis if the Secretary determines that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.032 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3923 June 13, 2018 
such waiver is necessary to rapidly mobilize a unit to meet emerging demands. 
SA 2899. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. LIMITATION ON INCREASES IN DUTIES ON IMPORTS OF STEEL AND ALU-MINUM ON IMPORTS FROM CANADA, MEXICO, AND THE EUROPEAN UNION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the rates of duty ap-plicable to articles specified in subsection (b), and imported from Canada, Mexico, or any country that is a member of the Euro-pean Union, under the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘HTS’’) on March 22, 2018, shall remain in effect on and after March 23, 2018, without regard to any presi-dential proclamation issued on May 31, 2018, or any other date, relating to— (1) the report of the Secretary of Com-merce on the Secretary’s investigation into the effect of imports of steel articles on the national security of the United States trans-mitted to the President on January 11, 2018; or (2) the report of the Secretary of Com-merce on the Secretary’s investigation into the effect of imports of aluminum on the na-tional security of the United States trans-mitted to the President on January 19, 2018. (b) A
RTICLES SPECIFIED .—The articles spec-ified in this subsection are the following: (1) Articles of steel classifiable under any of subheadings 7206.10 through 7216.50, 7216.99 through 7301.10, 7302.10, 7302.40 through 7302.90, or 7304.10 through 7306.90 of the HTS. (2) Unwrought aluminum classifiable under heading 7601 of the HTS. (3) Aluminum bars, rods, and profiles clas-sifiable under heading 7604 of the HTS. (4) Aluminum wire classifiable under head-ing 7605 of the HTS. (5) Aluminum plates, sheets, and strips classifiable under heading 7606 of the HTS. (6) Aluminum foil classifiable under head-ing 7607 of the HTS. (7) Aluminum tubes and pipes classifiable under heading 7608 of the HTS. (8) Aluminum tube and pipe fittings classi-fiable under heading 7609 of the HTS. (9) Aluminum castings classifiable under statistical reporting number 7616.99.51.60 of the HTS. (10) Aluminum forgings classifiable under statistical reporting number 7616.99.51.70 of the HTS. (c) E
XCEPTION FOR TECHNICAL CORREC -
TIONS .—The limitation under subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to technical cor-rections to the HTS. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt or alter any other provision of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1304 et seq.) or the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.) related to the enforcement of the customs and trade laws of the United States. SEC. 1067. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF TAR-IFFS IMPOSED TO PROTECT NA-TIONAL SECURITY. 
Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) In conducting an investigation under this subsection, the Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intel-ligence with respect to the effects on the na-tional security of imports of the article that is the subject of the investigation.’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘By no later’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘If the Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(ii) If the Secretary’’; and (iii) in clause (i), as designated by clause (i) of this subparagraph, by striking ‘‘a re-port on’’ and all that follows through ‘‘under this section.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘a report that includes— ‘‘(I) the findings of such investigation with respect to the effect of the importation of such article in such quantities or under such circumstances upon the national security; ‘‘(II) based on such findings, the rec-ommendations of the Secretary for action or inaction under this section; and ‘‘(III) in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Di-rector of National Intelligence, an assess-ment of the implications of such rec-ommendations.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) By not later than the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President makes any determination under paragraph (1), the President shall submit to Congress a report that includes— ‘‘(i) a description of the reasons why the President has decided to take action, or re-fused to take action, under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) an assessment of the national security implications of such action or inaction. ‘‘(B) Any portion of the report required by subparagraph (A) that does not contain clas-sified information or proprietary informa-tion shall be included in the report published under subsection (e).’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) Before proclaiming any new or addi-tional duty or quota under this subsection with respect to an article imported into the United States, the President shall— ‘‘(A) consult with respect to the duty or quota with the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representative, and, if the duty or quota affects agricultural prod-ucts, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) consult with the House Advisory Group on Negotiations and the Senate Advi-sory Group on Negotiations convened under section 104(c) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4203(c)) regarding the status of discussions regarding any national security issue identified with respect to each country the exports of which would be subject to the duty or quota; and ‘‘(C) in addition to the written statement required by paragraph (2), transmit to Con-gress— ‘‘(i) a report by the United States Inter-national Trade Commission assessing the probable economic effects of the duty or quota on the economy of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) a report by the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, de-scribing how the national security interests of the United States will be advanced by the duty or quota.’’; and (3) by redesignating the second subsection (d) as subsection (e). 
SA 2900. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 943. REPORT ON TERMINATION AND TRANSI-TION OF FUNCTIONS AND SERVICES OF THE DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY AND WASH-INGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED BEFORE TERMINATION  
ORTRANSITION .—The Secretary of Defense may not terminate or transfer any functions or services of the Defense Information Sys-tems Agency or Washington Headquarters Services to another element of the Depart-ment of Defense until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report on the termination or transfer. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report on the termi-nation or transfer of functions or services of the Defense Information Systems Agency or Washington Headquarters Services under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the functions, services, or both of such Agency or Field Activity to be terminated or transferred. (2) If functions, services, or both are to be transferred, a description of the element or elements of the Department to which such functions or services are to be transferred. (3) A description of disposition of the re-maining functions or services of such Agency or Field Activity, if any, after termination or transfer. (4) A comprehensive assessment of the im-pact of the actions described in paragraphs (1) through (3), including costs. 
SA 2901. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. LOSS OF NATIONALITY DUE TO SUP-PORT OF TERRORISM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Expatriate Terrorist Act’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 349(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1481(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A person who is a na-tional of the United States, whether by birth or by naturalization, shall lose his or her na-tionality by voluntarily performing any of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.033 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3924 June 13, 2018 
the following acts with the intention of re-linquishing United States nationality: ‘‘(1) Obtaining naturalization in a foreign state upon his or her own application or upon an application filed by a duly author-ized agent, after having attained 18 years of age. ‘‘(2) Taking an oath or making an affirma-tion or other formal declaration of alle-giance to a foreign state, a political subdivi-sion thereof, or an organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under sec-tion 219, after having attained 18 years of age. ‘‘(3) Entering, or serving in, the armed forces of a foreign state or an organization designated as a foreign terrorist organiza-tion under section 219 if— ‘‘(A) such armed forces are engaged in hos-tilities against the United States; or ‘‘(B) such person serves as a commissioned or noncommissioned officer. ‘‘(4) Accepting, serving in, or performing the duties of any office, post, or employment under the government of a foreign state, a political subdivision thereof, or an organiza-tion designated as a foreign terrorist organi-zation under section 219 if, after having at-tained 18 years of age— ‘‘(A) the person knowingly has or acquires the nationality of such foreign state; or ‘‘(B) an oath, affirmation, or declaration of allegiance to the foreign state, a political subdivision thereof, or a designated foreign terrorist organization is required for such of-fice, post, or employment. ‘‘(5) Making a formal renunciation of United States nationality before a diplo-matic or consular officer of the United States in a foreign state, in such form as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State. ‘‘(6) Making in the United States a formal written renunciation of nationality in such form as may be prescribed by, and before such officer as may be designated by, the At-torney General, while the United States is in a state of war and the Attorney General ap-proves such renunciation as not contrary to the interests of national defense. ‘‘(7) Being convicted by a court martial or by a court of competent jurisdiction of any of the following crimes: ‘‘(A) Committing any act of treason against, or attempting by force to over-throw, or bearing arms against, the United States. ‘‘(B) Violating or conspiring to violate any provision of section 2383 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(C) Willfully performing any act in viola-tion of section 2385 of such title. ‘‘(D) Violating section 2384 of such title by engaging in a conspiracy to overthrow, put down, or to destroy by force the Government of the United States, or to levy war against the United States. ‘‘(8) Knowingly providing material support or resources (as described in section 2339A(b) of title 18, United States Code) to any orga-nization designated as a foreign terrorist or-ganization under section 219 if such person knows that such organization is engaged in hostilities against the United States.’’. (c) R
EVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORTS  
AND PASSPORT CARDS TO INDIVIDUALS WHO A
REMEMBERS OF FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGA-
NIZATIONS .—The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to reg-ulate the issue and validity of passports, and for other purposes’’, approved July 3, 1926 (22 U.S.C. 211a et seq.), which is commonly known as the ‘‘Passport Act of 1926’’, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. AUTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-PORT AND PASSPORT CARD. 
‘‘(a) I NELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
SSUANCE .—The Secretary of State may not issue a passport or passport card to any individual whom the Secretary has de-termined, by a preponderance of the evi-dence— ‘‘(A) is serving in, or is attempting to serve in, an organization designated by the Sec-retary as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); and ‘‘(B) is a threat to the national security in-terest of the United States. ‘‘(2) REVOCATION .—The Secretary of State shall revoke a passport or passport card pre-viously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) R
IGHT OF REVIEW .—Any person who, in accordance with this section, is denied issuance of a passport or passport card by the Secretary of State, or whose passport or passport card is revoked or otherwise re-stricted by the Secretary of State, may re-quest a due process hearing, under regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary, not later than 60 days after receiving such notice of such nonissuance, revocation, or restriction. ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—Not- withstanding subsection (a), if the Secretary of State determines that such action is in the national security interest of the United States, the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) issue a passport or passport card to an individual described in subsection (a)(1); or ‘‘(2) refuse to revoke a passport or passport card of an individual described in subsection (a)(1).’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 351(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1483(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘(3) and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3), (5), and (8)’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. LANGFORD. Mr. President, I have 12 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. They have the approval of the Ma-jority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the National Tele-communication and Information Ad-ministration.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Innovation and America’s Infrastructure: Exam-ining the Effects and Emerging Auton-omous Technologies on America’s Roads and Bridges.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Kim-berly Breier, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Western Hemisphere Affairs), Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Re-public of Uruguay, and Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, all of the Department of State. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on pending legislation and the following nominations: nominations of Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, Frederick M. Nutt, of Vir-ginia, to be Controller, Office of Fed-eral Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget, and Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘GAO High Risk List: Turning Around Vulnerable Indian Programs.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Confronting Sexual Harass-ment and Other Workplace Misconduct in the Federal Judiciary.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing the nomination of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training. 
JOINT COMMITTEE ON SOLVENCY OF  
MULTIEMPLOYER PENSION PLANS  
The Joint Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Employer Perspectives on Multiem-ployer Pension Plans.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON WATER AND POWER  
The Subcommittee on Water and Power of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SUPERFUND , WASTE  
MANAGEMENT , AND REGULATORY OVERSIGHT  
The Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.033 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3925 June 13, 2018 
Oversight of the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Army Corps’ Regula-tion of Surplus Water and the Roles of States’ Rights.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my law clerk, Charlotte Schwartz, be granted floor privileges for the length of my re-marks during today’s session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Frank Tedeschi and Steven Fowler, defense fellows in Senator R
OUNDS ’s office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 2018 Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 14; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of H.R. 5515, with the time until the cloture vote equally divided between the two managers or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order following the remarks of Senators M
ERKLEY and S ASSE. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. 
f 
ASYLUM POLICY Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, for generations, the Statue of Liberty— Lady Liberty we like to call her—has stood as a symbol of how open America has been to treating those fleeing op-pression when they arrive on the shores of America. We hear those fa-mous words written by Emma Lazarus: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’’ That is a vision that we can con-nect to because virtually every Amer-ican family has family roots tied to immigrants and tied to people pursuing freedom and fleeing oppression—fleeing religious oppression, fleeing civil war, fleeing famine—but who come to the refuge of the United States of America, knowing that here they could be treat-ed well and have a fair chance to thrive. In modern times, we have converted this into an asylum policy. An asylum policy means, if you are truly fleeing repression, oppression—if you are truly fleeing danger and your life would be in danger if you returned—you could gain admission into the United States of America. In fact, we put into inter-national treaties and into national law—there it is—the torch, the beacon, that signals to the world that we stand for human rights. Yet now we are in a new and different place. On May 7, our Attorney General announced a dramatic change that is completely contrary to the Statue of Liberty. What the Attorney General put forward was, should you flee op-pression overseas and find yourself washed up on the shores of the United States of America, we will not greet you with a fair chance to present your case and thrive. Instead, we will grab you, treat you as a criminal, rip your children out of your arms, and lock you up. That is the new policy. That is the Jeff Sessions-Donald Trump-John Kelly policy of the United States of America. When I heard about this, I didn’t really believe it was possible that any administration could adopt a policy of inflicting deliberate trauma on chil-dren. There is no moral code in the world that supports such an action, and there is no religious tradition on our beautiful planet that supports such an action. Yet there it was—the decision to create a deterrence for people to come to our shores by our mistreating the children who had already arrived. Mistreat the child today, and deter some family abroad from ever thinking about coming. That is a dark stain on America, this strategy of deliberate harm to children. Last Sunday, a week ago Sunday, I went down to find out if this were real-ly true. I went to a detention center and gained admission to the detention center. The detention center is a large space that is split into different cells— you can call them cells—of fencing. There are fencing posts, and there is chain link fencing. The first room that I went into had smaller cells, maybe 12 by 12 or 15 by 15. They looked like cages. People were just arriving and being put into them. It is, really, deeply saddening to see the terror in their eyes, the tears on their cheeks. They didn’t know what was going to happen to them. Then they went through a series of desks, at which they were interviewed—many by computers because they were talking to people far afield, somewhere across the United States. They were being interviewed by electronic connection. Then they were taken to a very large room, a warehouse-styled room. This is not the facility I was in, and this is not a 2018 picture, but it looks very much like what I saw. Since people are not allowed to enter the facility with any camera now, I am using this picture to share with you approximately what it looks like. There are the same green pads. There are the same space blan-kets. There are the same chain links. There is the same fencing. There is a sad, big room. Now, what is there today in terms of that physical structure is no different than what was there in the last admin-istration. That isn’t the issue. The issue is how that is being put to work, because under this new policy, instead of treating families seeking asylum with respect until they have their hearing, instead of keeping families to-gether so if they do gain admission into the United States they will be in good shape and they will be in good care, we are inflicting harm on them, harm on the parents, and harm on the children. Any child psychological expert will tell you that when people have fled trauma abroad, perhaps gone over some very tough hurdles to the United States, the one thing they hang on to is the parent’s hand, the father’s hand or mother’s hand—that close connec-tion that they will see this through to-gether. It is the one little sphere of safety in a big, dangerous world. Then, in a room like this, after they have gone through the processing desks, the children are ripped out of their parents’ arms. Their parents are incarcerated in one of these divided cells and children in another. They may not be able to see each other across the warehouse. They don’t know what is going to happen. So when I was in a room that looked very much like this a week ago Sun-day, I was standing in front of a big cell that held just young boys, and they were lining up. They were lining up to be able to get some food, and they were told to line up from the smallest to the largest. That made a pretty dramatic picture with the smallest tyke in front, knee-high to a grasshopper, maybe 4 or 5 years old. Then, older boys lined up, maybe through 16 or 17 years old. As you stare at this group of children and see this group of children, you realize that some of them are unaccompanied mi-nors. They arrived in the United States by themselves. But there are others. Within the previous 24 hours or maybe just a couple hours before you were present, that child was separated from his or her parents. I asked about the dramatic scenes that come from this— the wailing children and the frantic parents. I was told that happens occa-sionally, but not so often. Then I heard the stories of how the children are now being separated, and I don’t know how often this happens or if this is the way it is being done. But the parents are told: We are taking your child to the bathroom or we are taking your child for a bath, and the child 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN6.031 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3926 June 13, 2018 
never reappears. The parent is shep-herded off to one holding cell and the child to somewhere else. There is something so wrong with the idea that this is the plan to deter fami-lies from seeking asylum in the United States by mistreating massively those who have already arrived, but that is what is going on. John F. Kennedy once wrote: ‘‘This country has always served as a lantern in the dark for those who love freedom but are persecuted in misery or in need.’’ He uses the phrase ‘‘lantern’’ rather than torch, but I imagine he might have had in mind the glowing orb in the Statue of Liberty—Lady Liberty holding up that light. He said: ‘‘This country has always served as a lantern in the dark for those who love freedom but are per-secuted in misery or in need.’’ That is not so now, because the new policy is if you are persecuted, we will treat you as a criminal. We will lock you up. We will take your children away, and we don’t care if it is inflict-ing massive trauma on the child, be-cause we want to send a message to some other family that is still over-seas. That is so profoundly disturbing. After the children have been sepa-rated, they are sent elsewhere. But to where? Some are sent to a large hold-ing area or detention facility. I tried to visit one of those in Brownsville, TX. This is a converted Walmart. It is run by a nonprofit that, by all accounts, works hard to take good care of the children. Ironically, it is named Casa Padre, or House of the Father, because there are no fathers there because the children have been torn away, and they have been brought here. No matter how well they are cared for in this Walmart, it can’t erase the stain of the trauma inflicted on the child by tear-ing them away from their parents. Now I wanted to go in and see how these children were being cared for. So I applied and I was told: Well, you can get in if you apply 2 weeks in advance, and maybe we will grant you permis-sion. So you can’t put it on your calendar. That makes it difficult. No. 1, it makes it difficult for Senators to go because of the complexity of our schedules. Then, if permission is granted, they have 2 weeks to prepare to put on a show for you. So you will not actually see how the detention center is being operated. That is what Members of Congress need to be able to see. They need to be able to know what is really going on behind those doors. I was told that behind these doors there were hundreds of children being held, maybe as many as 1,000. I wanted to know how many are there and how many were unaccompanied minors; that is, arriving unaccompanied. How many of them were torn away from their parents? Do they have the right resources for counseling, and do they have the right food for nutrition? How crowded has it become with this surge of new children? We know there was a surge in rough-ly one time period in May. The Depart-ment of Homeland Security told us they took 658 children away from 638 parents in 12 or 13 days. That is hun-dreds—more than 600. That is over 50 kids a day being taken away. How is that per month, if that was the same schedule going on, at 50 per day? Well, it would be about 1,500 kids per month. We are told that the number of chil-dren in the care of the United States of America increased by 21 percent be-tween April 29 and May 29. So that is a real concern about who is being crowd-ed in and how they are being taken care of. Well, I didn’t get behind those doors. Instead, our good friends inside called the police. Now they had to ask me to leave, and, in fact, when I called up the phone number that was posted on the wall of the Walmart, the won-derful nice secretary said the super-visor wanted to come out and talk to me. It actually turned out that the su-pervisor wanted to come out and talk to the police who had been called. I find it quite interesting—that level of defensiveness about seeing what was inside the facility. I knew I didn’t have official permission because I tried to arrange it and I had been turned down, but I also thought: Really, a supervisor of a children’s facility can’t walk you through and explain to you what is going on there? I wanted to draw atten-tion to the fact that this secrecy has to end. We have to be able to know, as Mem-bers of Congress, what is going on with these children across the country. First and foremost, they should never be torn away from their parents while the family is seeking asylum, but if they are unaccompanied minors, they need to be treated with incredible, ap-propriate care, not concealed in build-ings where Members of Congress can’t gain access. That is why I am putting forward the Congressional Access to Children’s De-tention Facilities Act. There is no clev-er acronym for it. It is straightforward. We are having to legislate that in our role under the Constitution of super-vising and understanding what is going on in the executive branch so we can enact appropriate policies or allocate appropriate resources. Do we actually have to pass an act to be able to do it? I am told by the nonprofit leaders at this facility that they are lobbying. They have no problem showing a Mem-ber of Congress what is going on and talking about what they need and what they don’t need, but we need the ad-ministration to have the same philos-ophy, the same respect for the people who serve here. We also have another bill, and this is Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s bill. It is called the Keep Families Together Act. It is just a simple statement with some ad-ditional advice, caveats, and sup-porting structure and arguments. Basi-cally, it comes down to a simple state-ment: If people are seeking asylum, do not injure the children. Do not injure the parents. Let them be a whole fam-ily until they have their hearing. That is the best thing if they do win asylum, and if they are going to be deported and don’t win asylum, there is no rea-son to inflict harm deliberately on the children or on the parents. This is so distressing that one ref-ugee father, who came with his child and his child was torn away from him, was so upset, as I would be if my child was torn out of my arms, that he com-mitted suicide. Marco Munoz from Honduras came to our shore with a vi-sion of the Statue of Liberty and was met by people who tore his child away to who knows what end, so that he would ever see his child again. Who knows what kind of treatment that child was going to receive and what kind of stress that father went through to get his child safely from the most abominable conditions one can imag-ine—to get them safely to the United States to apply under international law. Yet we responded by treating him like a criminal. There is more going on here. There are these ‘‘no man’s land’’ areas be-tween Mexico and the United States, and people walk across from one side to the other. The idea is you walk across one side and go in the door on the other. But when I met with an immi-gration attorney, a pro bono volunteer who works with refugees, she had gone out on the bridge and found that there were people left on that bridge, she said, in one case for 10 days and in an-other case for more than 10 days. This is very hot territory. How would you like to be stranded in no man’s land between two countries for more than a week, perhaps not being pre-pared with water or food? Where do you go to the bathroom in that 10-day pe-riod while you are stranded in between those places? I was told it appeared to be a deliberate effort to slow-walk peo-ple at the border point, where it is ab-solutely legal to come into the United States of America seeking asylum, in order to persuade them to leave and go back to the Mexican side, where they were incredibly vulnerable to Mexican gangs and had no support structure. She told me that there had been kidnappings and then extortionists who asked the families for money to release individuals who had returned to the other side. She told me how people had gone elsewhere and crossed the border and presented themselves to the border guards in order to get into the custody of the United States and present themselves for asylum, but then they were treated, once again, as criminals. Now, to add insult to injury, the day before yesterday, the Attorney General announced a new asylum policy. Here is the policy that has been forever, but now we are going to change the defini-tion so that those who are fleeing do-mestic violence, those who are fleeing organized crime, those who have been attacked by drug gangs and have had their lives threatened and their chil-dren’s lives—no matter how well you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.066 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3927 June 13, 2018 
document it, no matter how well you can prove it, no matter that you can prove that if you go back, you will be targeted for death—do not qualify for asylum in the United States of Amer-ica. That is a change that has to be closely examined. I met a woman in a respite center down in Texas. She had been released because she was very pregnant. So they said: Well, we are not going to put her in prison. We are going to release her until she has her hearing. She told me her story. Her family had gotten into a dispute with the drug gang that ran the community. So they had sent a team of people to gang rape her. Her life had been threatened, and she had to leave immediately. She couldn’t make accommodations for her chil-dren. Her children couldn’t come with her. She didn’t know how they were. She said: I have no idea who the father of this child is because it is a product of the gang attack. She qualified under our rules for asylum if she could docu-ment her case, until 2 days ago, but now she can’t go to that asylum hear-ing under this new rule designed to keep people who have experienced enormous trauma abroad from quali-fying—who have always qualified. Not only is this administration in-flicting trauma and pain on children to send a message to some other group of families overseas, but they are chang-ing the rules for folks who arrived here, who have stood up for so long and stood up so well. I think about how Lady Liberty no longer has a torch. Lady Liberty’s torch has been snuffed out. The symbol to the world under the Sessions- Trump-John Kelly policy is, you will be treated as a criminal if you flee per-secution and come to the United States. She doesn’t carry a torch. She carries a pair of handcuffs, and that is absolutely wrong. When John F. Kennedy wrote that ‘‘this country has always served as a lantern in the dark,’’ he could never have imagined the evil policy, the darkness of heart, the deliberate inflic-tion of pain and trauma on children that would come out of this adminis-tration’s policy. It is our responsibility in this Cham-ber to debate this issue, to change that policy, and say America will never allow children to be deliberately harmed to send some political message to some family overseas. In fact, we will never allow them to be delib-erately harmed under any cir-cumstance. Let’s restore the lantern that Lady Liberty has so proudly borne for so long. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. SASSE. Mr. President, I rise to draw attention to one particularly im-portant element of the National De-fense Authorization Act, which sits be-fore this body. First, it is worth noting that—de-spite the bizarre dysfunction of the last couple of days around here—the NDAA is usually a time each year when the Senate looks like an actual delibera-tive body. We look like an actual legis-lature. Most of the typical bickering and made-for-TV sound bites get set aside this week or two every year as we focus on the first purpose of the Federal Gov-ernment, which is to provide for the common defense. The NDAA reveals our shared com-mitment to the men and women in uni-form who serve our country so well. This legislation aims to scrutinize and annually reprioritize among the many important tasks that are going on in the Pentagon and in the broader De-partment of Defense. If we are going to call on the men and women in the armed services who defend our freedoms to stand ready to defend us and to go into battle when necessary, we must equip them with the right tools to be able to get their job done. That is what this legislation is about each year, but it is not enough to simply be about defending against traditional enemies and traditional threats. We also need to use this an-nual occasion to pause and deeply look at new and emerging threats we face. When you ask national security and intelligence experts in private and in public what keeps them up at night, as I do multiple times every week—I ask this question of people in the SCIF. You find something strange in this city. You have an agreement. Public and private sector experts, legislative and executive branch folks, career folks, political folks, whether Repub-lican or Democratic, have widespread agreement that the long-term domain challenge we face is that America is woefully unprepared for the age of cyber war. Thirty years ago, when the digital age was still in its infancy and the first computer viruses and bugs were cre-ated, the United States did not have a cyber doctrine to defend our interests. That was understandable in 1986 be-cause these were new threats. It doesn’t make any sense in 2018, and yet it is still true. We don’t really have any coherent doctrine to defend our in-terests. This is inexcusable. We are, today, overwhelmingly the most advanced digital economy and digital society in the world. Thus, we are, almost inevitably, the No. 1 target globally for cyber crime, but our adver-saries are attacking us not merely as targets of opportunity, they are also attacking us because they sense our passivity. State and nonstate actors alike are becoming regularly more brazen. Year over year, from 2012 to 2013, to 2014, to 2015, and to the present, we see this brazen action coming from China, Rus-sia, Iran, North Korea, and lots of jihadi nonstate actors. Yet we still do not have a cyber doctrine to guide our planning process, we don’t have a cyber doctrine to guide our actions, and we are unprepared for the warfare of 2020, 2025, and 2030. How can this be? How can we lack a strategic plan, not merely to respond to the attacks against U.S. public and private sector networks but also to go a step further and deter them in real time? Why do we lack this plan? Since joining this body in January of 2015, alongside the Presiding Officer, I have pushed for a strategic plan that clearly articulates how we will defend ourselves against the new threats in this cyber space. Unfortunately, this call has fallen on deaf ears in both the legislature and the executive branch, both Democratic and Republican ad-ministrations. There is far too little urgency. When you speak with gen-erals, when you speak with CIA station chiefs around the world, nobody dis-putes this. Everyone knows we are un-prepared, and we are underinvested in this domain. Yet no one is really in charge. Fortunately, we are taking a major step in this NDAA to address this def-icit in our war planning. While no one piece of legislation and no single pro-posal can possibly address all of our cyber deficits, there is, nonetheless, some very good news in this NDAA for both the public as a whole and those of us who are losing sleep about our cyber underpreparedness. The legislation we are debating today, and will vote on in some form tomorrow, includes a proposal to bring American national security into the 21st century by establishing a Cyber-space Solarium Commission. This Com-mission is modeled after President Dwight Eisenhower’s 1953 Project So-larium. At that time, as the Soviet Union was on the cusp of achieving a devastating thermonuclear weapon, Ike recognized that our Nation needed a clear strategy. We needed to be able to defend ourselves and our allies against the expanding Soviet threat. This is where both the historian and the strat-egist in me gets excited. Never one to lack a plan, Eisenhower sequestered three different teams of ex-perts at the National War College for 6 weeks. He tasked them with articu-lating a menu of large-scale, strategic frameworks for the age of nuclear con-frontation. The result of Ike’s competi-tive effort was a new national security directive, NSC 162/2, that charted a course that would successfully guide U.S. policy and bureaucratic develop-ment over many decades of the Cold War. We desperately need similar strategic clarity today. The threats to American security are actually even more dy-namic and unpredictable than in those early years of the Cold War. Then there were giant technological and scale bar-riers to becoming a nuclear power; whereas, today, launching a cyber at-tack that has global reach requires only some coding capability, a laptop, and an internet connection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.067 S13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3928 June 13, 2018 
This new group, the Cyberspace So-larium Commission, will be made up of 13 members, putting cyber and national security experts, along with many Sil-icon Valley types, in the same room to debate, to think through, and to pro-pose a comprehensive path forward to guide our cyber policy. One of the reasons Ike’s Solarium Commission worked so well was be-cause there was urgency and focus. Under this Cyberspace Solarium Com-mission, there will be a deadline for the delivery of a comprehensive plan with blue sky freedom to reenvision all cur-rent bureaucracies and organizations across our cyber plan and response units within 1 year. By September 1, 2019, this Commis-sion would be delivering to both the President’s Cabinet and to the defense and intelligence committees of the Congress a comprehensive plan to guide cyber security policymaking going forward. We cannot continue to stand idly by waiting for a massive cyber attack to occur and then figure out how we will use that as a catalyst to begin future planning. We should be planning and prioritizing before the crisis. For 30 years, we haven’t yet developed or committed to a serious strategy. Now is the time to act, and this NDAA rep-resents one of the best innovations we have had; that we can set up this na-tional Cyberspace Solarium Commis-sion to report back, within 1 year, a comprehensive plan. Thank you. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:39 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 14, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G13JN6.068 S13JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE831 June 13, 2018 
HONORING JARED EICHHORN 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I ad-dress the House today to mark Jared Eichhorn’s last week working as the Director of the House Republican Cloakroom. The Cloakroom is a special place in the people’s House, and Jared has been its reliable stew-ard. Jared’s service to the House dates back to the summer of 2006, when he began his ten-ure as a staff assistant for then-Majority Lead-er John A. Boehner (OH–08). Jared kept his head down and worked his way up the ladder, ultimately moving to the House floor as a Floor Assistant, a role in which he would flour-ish. Working with members and staff from the GOP Conference, Jared became a trusted source for parliamentary procedure and floor strategy. Given Jared’s hard work and steadiness, it is no surprise that in 2015, Speaker Boehner named him to serve as the cloakroom’s direc-tor, a post I asked him to continue in at the start of this speakership. Jared is one of the good guys. He is a team player who shows up every day and gives ev-erything he has for this place. Whether it is running the Cloakroom, managing his team, fielding countless questions and requests from member offices, coordinating with the House Rules Committee, Jared’s departure will be a big loss to our office and the institution. His quiet dedication to the people’s House is an example for all of us, as his unflappable na-ture. A Cleveland native, Jared is a graduate of Miami University of Ohio, where I am also a proud alumnus. His bride, Sarah, is also a Cleveland native and Miami alumna. Yet while they were in both in Oxford at the same time, it would take a nudge by our former colleague from Ohio, Rep. Steve LaTourette, to make the first introduction. Jared and Sarah are ex-pecting their first child later this summer and I could not be happier for them. I want to thank Sarah for her sacrifices during the late nights and long hours. We are so grateful for Jared’s service to this institution, and the whole House is in his debt. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JEAN GABA’S 100TH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION 
HON. AMI BERA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and celebrate the 100th birthday of Jean Gaba from Carmichael, California. Ms. Gaba was born in June 1918, in Oak-land, California. She first worked at her fa-ther’s law office, and at dinner with a friend in 1938 she met her future husband, Bill. In 1940 they were married and started a family, wel-coming their daughter, Carolyn, in 1942. While raising her daughter and working as an insurance agent, Jean also managed to squeeze out time for charitable activities, vol-unteering at Children’s Hospital in Oakland and becoming a Brownie and Girl Scout lead-er for her daughter’s troop. She is a skilled bridge player and avid reader—since getting her first library card at age 7 she has never been without a book or two close by. In her 100 years the social, cultural and po-litical fabric of her world has changed dramati-cally. She has traveled extensively, including visiting her granddaughters in Malaysia and Chile in her eighties. As Ms. Gaba and her daughter, two grand-children and two great grandchildren celebrate her 100th birthday, I am delighted to send her my best wishes and congratulations. f 
IN HONOR OF ROMA WALKER’S 100TH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Roma Walker on the celebration of her 100th birthday. I join her friends and family in extending my best to her on this occasion and in celebrating her life and contributions to our great state and country. I hope she uses this momentous day to do the same. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Roma Walker on her birthday. May her year be filled with happiness and blessings. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR NEW AMERICAN INSTITUTE OFFICE IN TAIWAN 
HON. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR. 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the inauguration of the new office complex for the American Institute in Taiwan (AIT), and to highlight the importance of U.S.-Taiwan relations. This relationship has a vital impact on the peace, security and sta-bility of the Western Pacific. The inauguration ceremony for this new fa-cility will be attended by a number of dig-nitaries, including Taiwan’s President Tsai Ing- wen. This event represents much more than the opening of just another new office complex in metropolitan Taipei. It stands as a concrete example of the firm commitment and unbreak-able bonds that exist between the peoples of the United States and Taiwan. Next year will mark the 40th anniversary of the passage and signing into law of the Tai-wan Relations Act (TRA), which has served as a cornerstone for our vigorous security, eco-nomic and people-to-people bilateral relation-ship. It was a proud moment in the history of this Congress when we took the lead in assur-ing that the Carter Administration’s decision to grant diplomatic recognition to Beijing would not come at the expense of Taiwan. The peo-ple of Taiwan have earned our friendship and support as they share our own dedication to democracy, human rights, and a free market economy. I am one of the few remaining members who personally witnessed the historic passage of the TRA. Let us stand with Taiwan here again today by recognizing the continued American support of Taiwan through the inau-guration of this new AIT facility. f 
HONORING JACK MUIRHEAD 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Jack Muirhead. Jack is a very special young man who has ex-emplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 214, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Jack has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jack has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Jack has become a member of the tribe Mic-O-Say. Jack has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Jack built a flag retirement box, and organized, planned, and implemented a regular flag retirement ceremony for Troop 214. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Jack for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF ROB-ERT C. GAINES, MD, LEAD PHY-SICIAN 
HON. SALUD O. CARBAJAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the completion of a prodigious thirty- six-year federal career of Dr. Robert C. Gaines of the VA Santa Barbara Community- Based Outpatient Clinic. Following his rigorous medical studies and Residency at the Santa Barbara Cottage Hos-pital, Dr. Robert Gaines joined staff of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.001 E13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE832 June 13, 2018 
Santa Barbara VA on July 1, 1982. In 1995, as the youngest primary care physician on staff, Dr. Gaines was promoted to Chief Med-ical Officer by the VA Greater Los Angeles System, and remained the clinic’s leader and advocate for twenty-three years. During his decades with the VA, Dr. Gaines has remained unsinkable, despite relentless and conflicting demands, perpetual resource shortages, and high leader turnover within the Los Angeles VA system, and the VA Central Office. Despite the persistent challenges of his ca-reer, in the last decade Dr. Gaines became a volunteer with the Doctors without Walls and provided weekly ‘‘street medicine’’ to the homeless in our community. He also volun-teered to be trained for the Federal Employee Response Team, serving victims of disasters in our country. In 2005, along with his VA team, the Santa Barbara Independent honored Dr. Gaines as a ‘‘Local Hero’’. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join with the VA Santa Barbara and the VA Greater Los Angeles in celebrating the exemplary thirty-six- year career of Dr. Robert Gaines as he retires. His leadership and commitment to our Vet-erans has been both exceptional and unprece-dented. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC A. ‘‘RICK’’ CRAWFORD 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I had an urgent family commitment that caused me to miss my normal flight, and therefore evening votes. I, like the rest of this body, am fully committed to fighting the opioid epidemic. Had I been able to vote, I would have joined my colleagues in supporting the opioid com-batting legislation that passed the House yes-terday. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
SPEECH OF  
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5895) making ap-propriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019 and for other pur-poses: 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Chair, I will vote against H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, because the process failed to live up to the Majority’s promise of regular order, didn’t invest in Amer-icans back home, and included controversial policy riders that have no place in appropria-tions bills. Rather than investing in Americans by fully funding critical domestic programs, this bill overspends on wasteful programs under the guise of national security. Further, it in-cluded controversial policy riders, which should be considered under their own merit- not hidden in a spending bill. I am particularly concerned about the addi-tional money in the bill that is allocated for new weapons systems that may actually threaten our national security. In particular, the bill included new funding for nuclear weapons activities at the expense of critical defense nonproliferation accounts, while offering little evidence as to how new nuclear weapons could be used to improve national security. Despite voting against the bill, I am happy to see over $52 million provided to the VA to implement the Jason Simcakoski PROMISE Act. The funding will assist in increasing pro-grams to help medical professionals and pa-tients understand the risks associated with pain medication and examine alternative treat-ments. I am also encouraged that the bill in-cluded over $196 million for veteran suicide prevention, $5.6 billion for homeless veterans’ treatment costs, and $270 million for rural health initiatives. These efforts will help ad-dress the opioid epidemic and give veterans and their families the tools they need and the accountability they deserve I understand how important it is to provide ample support for our military, which is why I recently voted in favor the National Defense Authorization Act. Supporting the brave men and women who defend this nation is of para-mount importance; however, we should not be inserting partisan riders into our spending bills. I will continue to work with my colleagues to support our military and pursue fiscally re-sponsible policies that invest in Americans. f 
TRIBUTE TO ANAHEIM UNION HIGH SCHOOL DISTRICT 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the notable contributions and mean-ingful progress made by the Anaheim Union High School District (AUHSD) to protect its 30,000 students by taking unprecedented ac-tions to implement school safety measures, in-cluding the installation of a pioneering digital mapping system at my alma mater, Anaheim High School. This technology can potentially save the lives of teachers, students and first respond-ers, especially critical in a time when hundreds of students have been victims of gun violence in more than 200 school shootings In 2018 alone, there have been 20 incidents in which someone was injured with in firearm on the campus of an U.S. school. More than 214,000 students have experi-enced gun violence at 216 schools since Col-umbine. The Washington Post found that at least 141 children, educators and other indi-viduals have been killed in assaults, and an-other 284 have been injured. Anaheim High is the first school in the na-tion to be digitally mapped using technology developed by former law enforcement officer, David Sobel, whose wife and mother are both public school teachers. This new technology will provide up-to-date floor plans, aerial maps and site plans virtually to responders within minutes of an emer-gency. Through the use of 15,000, 360-degree high resolution photos, the digital map will provide first responders with important details such as potential hiding places, what furniture or other materials could be used as a barricade, and even what kinds of locks and hinges are on the doors. What’s more, the AUHSD is actively em-bracing its philosophy that ‘‘school safety means physical, intellectual and emotional safety’’ by enacting mental health initiatives to create positive school climates that promote kindness and compassion. A dedicated team of social workers provide intensive mental health and crisis intervention services and they work with numerous com-munity partners to raise awareness about ad-verse childhood experiences (or trauma), and to identify mental health issues at early stages and develop coping skills. In addition, the AUHSD is to be commended for its establishment of Southern California’s first high school Cybersecurity Pathway through collaborations with the business and education community. Also notable is the District’s creation of an Offensive Security Society and the formation of high school chapters to teach students how to ethically and proactively discover weak-nesses in technology systems and to make corrections before the weaknesses elevate to crisis level. Mr. Speaker, I wish to express my sincere appreciation to the Anaheim Union High School District for its leadership in addressing the critical issue of how to keep our students safe through a multi-faceted approach that employs pioneering technology and lessons in kindness and compassion. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for votes on 6/12/2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 258; YEA on Roll Call No. 259; and YEA on Roll Call No. 260. 
f 
REMEMBERING MR. RALPH RODRIGUEZ, JR. 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a great American hero, Mr. Ralph Rodriguez, Jr., who passed away this month at the age of 100. Mr. Rodriguez bravely served our country in World War II and survived years of inhu-mane treatment as a prisoner of war. Born to Mexican immigrants, Mr. Rodriguez was sent to train in the Philippines prior the United States’ entrance into the war, but was ambushed by Japanese forces on December 8, 1941, just hours after the attack on Pearl Harbor. After months of intense fighting, Mr. Rodriguez and his fellow servicemen were or-dered to surrender. They were then forced to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.002 E13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE833 June 13, 2018 
walk more than 60 miles to Camp O’Donnell in what became known as the Bataan Death March. For almost three years, despite facing mal-nutrition, torture, and forced labor, Mr. Rodri-guez did his best to provide medical care to his fellow soldiers without the use of proper supplies. He also kept handwritten records of his fellow prisoners, many of whom suc-cumbed to a range of ailments. He was finally liberated and returned to New Mexico in Janu-ary 1945. After returning home, Mr. Rodriguez worked for a variety of lumber businesses in the Albu-querque area. Additionally, he served in lead-ership roles at the Bataan Veterans Organiza-tion and the American Ex-Prisoners of War Organization. He also met his wife, Elizabeth, and had three children, Mona Lisa, Ralph III, and Charles. Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my heartfelt condolences to the loved ones of Mr. Ralph Rodriguez, Jr., and honor Mr. Rodriguez for his valiant service to our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RUDY GRASSESCHI 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rudy Grasseschi, who is celebrating 60 years in business as the owner and operator of the Cobblers shoe store and repair shop in Hayward, California. Rudy opened Cobblers on June 13, 1958, but the store traces its roots much further back. Rudy’s father, who arrived in the Bay Area in 1906 from Italy, sold and fixed shoes elsewhere in Hayward, as Rudy’s grandfather had done in Italy. Today, Rudy’s sons Dino and Rodney work with him in the store, as does his grandson Kenneth. For generations of Bay Area residents, Cob-blers has been a comforting throwback to the old-world tradition of mixing craftsmanship and fellowship, with Rudy working his restorative magic on all sorts of footwear while dispensing free wisdom and kindness to all who pass through his door. A Hayward native who lives in nearby Cas-tro Valley with his wife of 61 years, Lois, Rudy has tirelessly given back to his community— he is a director emeritus of the Hayward Area Recreation District Foundation’s board, and a lifetime member of the Castro Valley Lions Breakfast Club. Cobblers was honored as the California 20th Assembly District’s 2018 Small Business of the Year, and is among the Hay-ward Chamber of Commerce’s oldest mem-bers. At age 82, Rudy says he has no plans to re-tire. Like a well-made, well-worn, still-sturdy shoe, he remains the right fit for the East Bay. I rise to congratulate Rudy Grasseschi on achieving six decades as the owner of one of the 15th Congressional District’s quintessential businesses, a beloved community institution that continues to serve its customers with the highest degree of quality and care. IN HONOR OF THE FATHERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR FAMILIES HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of The Fathers of the Armed Forces, on this coming Fathers Day and their families. Who throughout the generations have self-lessly sacrificed for us in the name of free-dom. Take time to pause and reflect and give thanks. I ask this poem penned in their honor by Albert Carey Caswell be included in the R
ECORD . 
THEFAITH OF OURFATHERS  The Faith of our Fathers, The Fathers of Freedom, The Fathers of War, The men who go off to battle and leave all they adore. Who throughout the generations, for all of us, fought and died For our freedom, giving up their arms and legs and so much more And come home and live with PTS, The Scars of War, All so we can live in this Nation we adore, And then there are the ones who aren’t com-ing home anymore. Who lie in cold quiet graves lost in distant shores, Who gave That Last Full Measure. This Father’s Day remember all of those who represent America’s greatest of treas-ures, Our selfless Fathers of Freedom, The Angels adore, Who with The Faith of Our Fathers fought and died for. So this Fathers Day, as you sit down to break bread, With your beloved Father and all that will be said, Remember there are Fathers all around the world who for us have led, And died and bled. Who have wives and precious boys and girls in harms way in sleepless beds, Who won’t be together this day, As it’s The Faith of Our Fathers who lead the way, On this Fathers Day. So give thanks and give praise, And say a prayer for all of those families in anguish who live day to day, And remember over decades what The Faith of Our Fathers have made In this Land of The of Free, in this Home of The Brave, And what they give and what they gave, And The Magnificent Faith of Our Fathers on this Fathers Day, Who pray for peace everyday. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RON ESTES 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for Roll Call vote No. 258 on Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 5237. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. I was not present for Roll Call vote No. 259 on Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 5041. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. I was not present for Roll Call vote No. 260 on Approval of the Journal. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. f 
GARY REYNOLDS 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor one of my constituents, Gary Reynolds, a Physics Teacher from the City of Santa Ana. Mr. Reynolds has been an important figure in the community, not only as a teacher, but also as a mentor to his students at Santa Ana High School for over 31 years. His love for the Sciences and desire to educate the city’s youth, Mr. Reynolds has been able to create a career through his teachings in Physics, Chemistry, Earth Science, and Robotics. After graduating from the University of Cali-fornia, Santa Barbara in 1969, Mr. Reynolds became an Infantry Officer at Marine Corps Recruiting from 1969 to 1976. During his time in the Marine Corps, he also served in Viet-nam from 1970 to 1971. Mr. Reynolds is a former Postdoctoral Re-search Assistant from Louisiana State Univer-sity and a Research Assistant from University of California, Irvine. Mr. Reynolds received his PhD in Environmental Chemistry at University of California, Irvine, and has studied Cell Physiology and Biochemistry at San Diego State University, and Zoology and Chemistry at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Mr. Reynolds’ is dedicated to educating the city’s students and has acted as a mentor to all those who may not have had someone who they can look up to. Through the years, he has acted as a mentor and has motivated stu-dents to be the best that they could be. Be-cause of his guidance, many of his students have gone on to pursue a higher education. Mr. Reynolds’ tremendous efforts are not left unnoticed and his accolades are well-de-served. More importantly, it is the impact he has made in our community. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Mr. Reynolds, and I thank him for his positive impact he has made on the Santa Ana community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, due to my attendance at a funeral, I was not present to vote on roll call votes 258 and 259 on June 12th. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 258, and YEA on Roll Call No. 259. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.007 E13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE834 June 13, 2018 
FROM CONFLICT TO COMPROMISE: THE NORMALIZATION OF RELA-TIONS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND VIET-NAM 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, given the recent National History Day contest, I am pleased to include in the R
ECORD a historical paper written by one of my constituents, Ms. Catherine Kennedy of Columbus, Georgia, en-titled ‘‘From Conflict to Compromise: The Nor-malization of Relations Between the United States of America and Vietnam.’’ Catherine is representing Georgia in the Junior Division of the National History Day contest. 
The Vietnam War ended with the signing of the Paris Peace Accords in 1973; however, the United States (U.S.) and Vietnam re-mained hostile for another two decades. After the war, Vietnam stayed aligned with the Soviet Union, while the U.S. treated Vietnam as a hostile power imposing trade embargos, blocking international loans, and refusing to open diplomatic relations. With the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, Vietnam lost Moscow’s support for its econ-omy and was left on its own. Within the U.S., there was growing pressure to account for Prisoners of War (POW) and Missing In Ac-tion (MIA) from the Vietnam War. The hos-tility and conflict between the two countries turned to compromise in the mid-1990s when both countries needed each other to meet their individual national goals. For the Viet-namese, it was the end to the trade embargo and the normalization of diplomatic rela-tions. For the Americans, it was the resolu-tion of the long standing POW/MIA issue. The Vietnam War started long before President Lyndon Johnson introduced ground combat troops into South Vietnam in 1965. The war actually started immediately after the defeat of Japan in World War II when communist forces under Ho Chi Minh battled French forces for independence gain-ing victory in 1954. After the French collapse and withdrawal, Vietnam was divided into North and South Vietnam along the 17th par-allel. Relations between North and South Viet-nam continued to deteriorate over the years and the United States, fearing the spread of communism in Asia, introduced advisors and aid to South Vietnam. In 1964, a disputed naval incident in the Gulf of Tonkin led Con-gress to authorize military action. Before the end of 1967, over 500,000 ground troops were in Vietnam. By 1973, the Vietnam War seemed unwinnable to Americans. Amid mounting protests at home and facing a war weary public, the United States signed the Paris Peace Accords bringing a ceasefire to the battlefield. At the same time, Hanoi released 591 American POWs during Operation Home-coming. Unfortunately, many American servicemen remained unaccounted for after this release. The fate of these missing serv-icemen remained an obstacle to normalizing relations between the U.S. and Vietnam for the next twenty years. After the return of the POWs in 1973, al-most 2200 servicemen remained unaccounted for or missing. Most of the missing were in Vietnam, but some were in the neighboring countries of Laos and Cambodia. As the U.S. and Vietnam approached the 20-Year anni-versary of the end of the war, pressure mounted in both countries to settle the issues. Families of the missing in the U.S. put intense political pressure on their gov-ernment to get the fullest possible account-ing for those lost, while factions in Vietnam wanted access to trade and markets in the U.S. to help develop and modernize its econ-omy. Mr. Vu Chi Cong, Chief of Staff, for the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs (The Vietnamese State Department) in discus-sions with U.S. officials reiterated that the Vietnamese needed help with their economy. Specifically, they wanted access to the International Monetary Fund and World Bank loans, favorable trade status with the United States with access to markets, the ability for U.S. based companies to invest in Vietnam and open factories, access to U.S. construction companies to bid on internal infrastructure projects like the repaving of National Highway 1, and finally, the ability for Vietnamese students to study abroad at American Universities. At no time did the Vietnamese discuss better relationships would counter increased Chinese influence in the region or bring up the disputed Spratly Islands. These pressures moved the former enemies from conflict to compromise resulting in the opening of the U.S. Embassy in Hanoi in Au-gust 1995. The cooperation between the U.S. and Vietnam in accounting for the missing between 1992–1995 made compromise possible. By the time the Embassy opened, the list of missing had decreased to 1,615 servicemen. The Vietnamese, by all measures evaluated by the U.S., were fully cooperating in ren-dering the fullest possible accounting for missing Americans. The belief in Vietnamese cooperation was fairly new. After the Paris Peace Accords of 1973, many people in the U.S. believed Viet-nam still held POWs in secret prison camps throughout the country. As proof, they pointed to random but sensational reports of missing Americans seen in Vietnam. Sensa-tional actions by activists, like Billy Hen-don, drew attention to the subject. With these reports of servicemen still being held captive, the National League of Families (NLF) formed to pressure for release of any POW/MIAs still in captivity. The NLF put constant political pressure on the U.S. gov-ernment to bring our missing home. They kept the issue alive as Vietnam sought to normalize relations with the U.S. Throughout the years, one question chal-lenged U.S. officials: how could the U.S. measure Vietnamese cooperation on the POW/MIA issue? President George Bush first defined the measures and President Bill Clin-ton validated them again in March 1992. Vi-etnamese cooperation was measured in four specific areas: 1. Recovery and identification of remains; 2. Access to documents; 3. Tri-lateral cooperation (U.S./Vietnam/Laos for border cases); and 4. Support for field oper-ations/investigations. The Vietnamese knew what the U.S. meas-ured and understood cooperation would, in the end, get them the normalization and trade they wanted. Vietnam decided to co-operate so that by February 1994, President Clinton could lift the trade embargo on Viet-nam. This action further encouraged co-operation between the U.S. and Vietnam to discover the fate of American POW/MIAs re-maining unaccounted for after the war. Clin-ton also believed improved business relations between the U.S. and Vietnam benefited both countries. Once the trade embargo was lifted, Viet-namese cooperation got even better. The co-operation was observed, documented, and evaluated by Joint Task Force Full Account-ing (JTF–FA) and its forward detachment working in Hanoi, Vietnam. See Appendix I– IV for pictures depicting the JTF–FA co-operation. The Defense Department formed JTF–FA in 1992. Its mission was to resolve the status of missing servicemen. They oversaw all investigations and recovery mis-sions in Vietnam. Their main goal was recov-ery and transfer of remains to the U.S. for identification and eventual return to their families. Initially, Vietnam seemed slow to provide documents dealing with the POW/MIA issue; however, with continued pressure and in-creasing trade with the U.S., Hanoi gradu-ally provided reports, opened a Joint Docu-ments Center, while continuing support for recovery operations across the country. See Appendix II for depiction of operations. At the same time, they provided amnesty to witnesses the U.S. wished to interview. The Central Intelligence Agency reported, ‘‘Viet-nam has become more cooperative in receiv-ing questions concerning U.S. personal re-ported as possible prisoners of war or miss-ing in action in the Vietnam War. The gov-ernment has made several important ges-tures including: Turning over more remains and material evidence than during the preceding 13 years. See Appendix III for picture of turning over remains and material evidence. Participating, for the first time, in joint investigations of site where American planes crashed or missing service members were last seen Beginning in 1990, giving U.S. experts ac-cess to military museums and archives con-taining records detailing Vietnamese inves-tigation of American losses. The areas highlighted in the report di-rectly align to the measures the U.S. evalu-ated when assessing Vietnamese cooperation. Additionally, by the time a normalization decision was made, the Vietnamese had turned over close to 30,000 documents related to 820 cases. At the same time, they provided over 2,000 photographs and opened a Joint Documents Center where U.S. and Viet-namese investigators could work. Recovery operations done by JTF–FA be-came a key measure of Vietnamese coopera-tion. Formal repatriation ceremonies were held in Hanoi and Hawaii after each recovery operation as depicted in Appendix 7. JTF–FA conducted missions five to six times a year in Vietnam to excavate sites, conduct inves-tigations, and recover bodies of missing American servicemen. Each mission lasted thirty to forty-five days. Site locations ranged from mountainous terrain, farmland, and even underwater. Recovery sites were controlled just like archeological digs. Any remains of servicemen found were turned over after each operation for identification by the U.S. Army Central Identification Lab in Hawaii (CILHI). Showing cooperation, the Vietnamese cre-ated the Vietnamese Office Seeking Missing Persons (VNOSMP). This office staffed by members of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the military, and the Ministry of the Inte-rior worked with JTF–FA solving cases. Many of the Vietnamese assigned to the work lost relatives in the war. One official, Senior Colonel Tran Bien, when interviewed on why he supported recovery operations said simply, ‘‘it is the right thing to do.’’ Ap-pendix 1–4 depict pictures of Vietnamese sup-port to recovery operations under the VNOSMP. Note: Senior Colonel Bien died in a helicopter crash during a recovery oper-ation in April 2001 killing sixteen Viet-namese and Americans. As cooperation continued, the U.S. suc-cessfully recovered and identified missing servicemen. For example, because of co-operation, cases like Captain Charles Barnes were solved. See Appendix V for picture of Captain Barnes. Captain Barnes became MIA after his aircraft failed to arrive at Da Nang, Vietnam. JTF–FA led multiple investiga-tions in 1993, 1999, and in 2000 when his crash 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.013 E13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE835 June 13, 2018 
site was excavated. Captain Barnes’ remains were eventually returned to his family for burial. According to a report by JTF–FA Detach-ment 2 in Hanoi, Vietnamese cooperation throughout the period remained excellent. All recovery team leaders commented posi-tively on cooperation at the central, provin-cial, and local levels of government. One team leader described cooperation and the Vietnamese preparation done to support the joint field operations, as the best he’d ever seen in Vietnam. Additionally, reports from senior JTF–FA officials in Vietnam: Col. Mel Richmond (1994–95) and Col. Timothy Bosse (1995–96) rated Vietnamese cooperation as high. As cooperation strengthened, Vietnam saw the benefits of growth. The U.S. paid Viet-nam for its workers, equipment, and land use. Millions of dollars a year went to the Vietnamese government in support of recov-ery operations. The CIA concluded ‘‘Hanoi’s cooperation has been sparked by its impres-sion that relations with the U.S. are warm-ing, albeit at a slower pace than Vietnam would like, and is fueled by Hanoi’s des-perate need to attract financial assistance to improve the sagging Vietnam economy. We believe that Hanoi is badly interested in ac-cess to badly needed funds from the Inter-national Monetary Fund and The World Bank; Hanoi probably hopes a more coopera-tive attitude on the POW MIA issue will weaken the U.S. resistance to loans’’. Additionally, there was a new generation of Vietnamese wanting the war put behind them. They called it a ‘‘musty history.’’ Many young Vietnamese wanted to enter the business world. They wanted Vietnam to find its identity and catch up economically with the rest of South-East Asia. A cornerstone to solidify strengthening relations and putting the past behind them was the opening of the U.S. embassy in Vietnam in August 1995 in Hanoi. With the opening, President Clinton extended full diplomatic recognition to Viet-nam. The opening of the embassy, as depicted in Appendix 6, finished a process begun by the Bush Administration in 1991 when Wash-ington and Hanoi agreed on steps for rec-ognition. President Clinton stated, ‘‘This moment offers us the opportunity to bind up our own wounds,’’ evoking words used by Lincoln at the end of the Civil War. ‘‘They have resisted time for too long. We can move onto common ground.’’ Clinton also stated he would continue to press Vietnam for full accounting of our remaining missing service personnel. He argued that in the months after lifting the trade embargo more than 29 missing Americans were identified and Hanoi turned over hundreds of pages of relevant documents. At the same time, Vietnam’s Prime Minister, Vo Van Kiet, pledged to the U.S. to continue cooperation in helping ac-count for missing service members. In the end, both countries got what they needed turning conflict into compromise. The U.S. got cooperation on the POW/MIA issue to include conducting recovery oper-ations within Vietnam. Vietnam received desperately needed money for economic de-velopment, access to loans, and increased trade. With renewed diplomatic relations, trade, modern factories, and jobs soon fol-lowed. Companies such as Coke, IBM, Gen-eral Electric and ExXon to name a view in-vested in new plants providing much needed jobs to a poor country. Vietnamese coopera-tion continues today and relationships con-tinue to improve. Just recently President Donald Trump hosted the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguyen Xuan Phuc at the White House to chart an agenda for U.S.-Vietnam relations, building on the positive momen-tum of the comprehensive partnership be-tween the two countries. Over the years, one thing a remained constant, providing the fullest possible accounting for the POW/ MIAs. It remains the U.S.’s highest priority when dealing with Vietnam. Even today, re-covery teams operate with the Vietnamese across the countryside. The compromises that took place in the 1990s led to coopera-tion and trust between two former enemies to the benefit of both countries. f 
BAKERS CREEK TRAGEDY 75TH ANNIVERSARY COMMEMORATION 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 75th Anniversary of the Bakers Creek Air Crash on June 14, 1943, in which forty U.S. Army Air Corps Service Mem-bers tragically perished at Bakers Creek, Queensland, Australia during World War II. These deaths were the result of the crash of a B–17C Flying Fortress, which proved to be the worst aviation disaster of the Southwest Pacific War. More men died on that plane from Pennsylvania (6) than from any other State. The PA Fallen were: Pvt James E. Finney/Erie; T/Sgt Alfred H. Frezza/Altoona; Sgt Donald B. Kyper/Huntingdon; Pfc Frank S. Penska/Moscow; Sgt Anthony Rudnick/Phila-delphia; and Cpl Raymond H. Smith/Oil City. Only since passing the FY06 National De-fense Authorization Act (Public Law 109–163) has Congress officially recognized this pre-viously classified wartime accident. Previously, most of the crash victims’ Families were left in the dark about the truth of their loved ones’ deaths in World War II. A dozen years ago, many of my colleagues actively supported efforts to place a memorial in Arlington. Moreover, in June 2008, the Pennsylvania Legislature passed a resolution designating June 14th as ‘‘Bakers Creek Me-morial Day.’’ I understand that Colonel Kimberly A. Peeples, Garrison Commander, Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall, the Honorable Joe Hockey, Australian Ambassador to the United States, and U.S. Fifth Air Force Commander, General Ralph E. Eberhart, USAF Ret will place a wreath at the Bakers Creek Memorial to commemorate the 75th Anniversary of the crash. I applaud the Service Members at JBM-HH and members of the Bakers Creek Memorial Association for their continued efforts to help bring closure to the casualty Families with an-nual public remembrance ceremonies for the forty American Servicemen who perished at Bakers Creek in Australia during World War II. 
f 
TESTING INCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PRO-VIDERS FOR ADOPTION AND USE OF CERTIFIED ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD TECHNOLOGY 
HON. RON ESTES 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3331, encouraging the adoption of electronic health record tech-nology by behavioral health providers. The Meaningful Use Program has been instru-mental in providing incentives to eligible clini-cians to use electronic health record tech-nology. Unfortunately, behavioral health pro-viders have been left out of this program. H.R. 3331, sponsored by Rep. LYNNJENKINS , would incentivize psychiatric hospitals, community health centers and substance use treatment facilities to use the electronic health record technology. Mental health includes emotional, psycho-logical and social well-being and affects how individuals think, feel and act. This bill is an important step in ensuring medical providers have access to records for both mental and physical health, so that we can improve care coordination and meet the needs of patients. Rep. J
ENKINS has been a champion for mental health reform and I look forward to continuing our work on this important issue. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, I missed the fol-lowing votes: H.R. 5327, Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on this bill. H.R. 5041, Safe Disposal of Unused Medi-cation Act. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on this bill. Journal Vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YES on this bill. 
f 
HONORING THE NICHOLAS ACADEMIC CENTER 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Nicholas Academic Center in Santa Ana, California. The Nicholas Academic Cen-ter is an after-school tutoring and mentoring program that first opened in 2008. Now with three centers opened throughout the city, high school students have been given the oppor-tunity to have a safe and nurturing space where they can receive academic and study assistance, emotional support, mentoring and social services to prepare students as they pursue their educational goals at an institution of higher learning. The Nicholas Academic Center was estab-lished by Henry T. Nicholas Ill and Judge Jack K. Mandel in 2008. Their goal was to establish a center where all the necessary tools could be provided to underprivileged students for them to succeed in the future. The Nicholas Academic Center has provided students with academic assistance, college connections, and scholarship opportunities. Staff member are also highly qualified and dedicated to help-ing students succeed not only in high school but also through college. Today, the Nicholas Academic Center has served more than 1,500 students in their 10- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.014 E13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE836 June 13, 2018 
year-history and their students have been awarded nearly $60 Million in scholarships and grants. Due to the help received from the center, students have been accepted to some of the nation’s most prestigious institutions, like University of California, Los Angeles, Uni-versity of Notre Dame, Stanford University and Harvard University. With 95 percent of the graduates being Latino, 90 percent of these graduates are first-generation college stu-dents. Out of the Nicholas Academic Center’s 2018 graduating class consisting of 195 stu-dents, 100 percent of the class will be attend-ing college this Fall. The services provided by the Nicholas Aca-demic Center would not be possible without the generosity of Dr. Nicholas Ill through the Henry T. Nicholas Ill Foundation, who has do-nated $14.3 million dollars to the center over the past ten years. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the Nicholas Academic Center who has dedicated the past decade to helping underprivileged students succeed. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 13, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, due to an un-avoidable family commitment I missed Roll Call vote number 258 regarding the ‘‘Com-prehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call vote number 259 regarding the ‘‘Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act,’’ I would have voted Yes. On Roll Call vote number 260 regarding the ‘‘approving of the Journal’’, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 14, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED JUNE 15 10 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on the Trump Ad-ministration’s Russia policy. SD–562 JUNE 18 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the Inspec-tor General’s first report on Depart-ment of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation actions in advance of the 2016 presidential election. SH–216 3:30 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on corruption in Ukraine’s energy sector. SD–G11 JUNE 19 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Lieutenant General Austin S. Miller, USA, to be general and Com-mander, Resolute Support Mission, North Atlantic Treaty Organization/ Commander, United States Forces—Af-ghanistan, Department of Defense. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Home-land Security Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. SD–124 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine effective ad-ministration of the 340B Drug Pricing Program. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the EB–5 investor visa program. SD–226 11 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for finan-cial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. SD–138 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security To hold hearings to examine Cambridge Analytica and other Facebook part-ners, focusing on data privacy risks. SR–253 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine changing the trajectory of Alzheimer’s, focusing on reducing risk, detecting early symp-toms, and improving data. SD–106 3 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. SD–138 JUNE 20 9 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine current and proposed tariff actions administered by the Department of Commerce. SD–215 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kan-sas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, and Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Adminis-trator, and Peter C. Wright, of Michi-gan, to be Assistant Administrator, Of-fice of Solid Waste, both of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Medicaid fraud and overpayments, focusing on problems and solutions. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations. SD–226 10:15 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine United States Agency for International Devel-opment resources and redesign. SD–419 10:30 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 3029, to revise and extend the Prematurity Re-search Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act), S. 1112, to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, S. 808, to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State, S. 3039, to provide funding for the development of a predictive ana-lytics pilot program to help children and families who come to the attention of the child welfare system, an original bill to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act, and the nominations of Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Edu-cation, Department of Education, John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Em-ployment and Training, and other pending nominations. SD–430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13JN8.018 E13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE837 June 13, 2018 
Committee on Rules and Administration To hold hearings to examine election se-curity preparations, focusing on a state and local perspective. SR–301 2:30 p.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on National Security and International Trade and Finance To hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on how crimi-nal organizations launder money and innovative techniques for fighting them. SD–538 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine promoting traditional subsistence ac-tivities in Native communities. SD–628 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M13JN8.000 E13JNPT1
D667 Wednesday, June 13, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3863–S3928 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 3058–3064, and S. Res. 546.
                                                                  Page S3906 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–273)
              Page S3906 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S3866–99 
Pending: Inhofe/McCain Modified Amendment No. 2282, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S3866 
McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282), to require congressional review of certain regulations issued by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S3866 
Reed/Warren Amendment No. 2756 (to Amend-ment No. 2700), to require the authorization of ap-propriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons.
                              Page S3866 
Lee Amendment No. 2366 (to the language pro-posed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2282), to clarify that an authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority does not authorize the detention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States. (By 30 yeas to 68 nays (Vote No. 122), Sen-ate earlier failed to table the amendment.) 
                                                         Pages S3866, S3881–86, S3887 
Reed Amendment No. 2842 (to Amendment No. 2366), to require the authorization of appropriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons. (By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 121), Senate earlier failed to table the amendment.)                                                    Pages S3866, S3878–81, S3886–87 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, June 14, 2018; with the time until the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on McConnell (for Toomey) Amend-ment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282) (listed above) equally divided between the two managers or their designees.
                                                           Page S3925 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3904 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S3904–05 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S3864, S3905 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3905–06 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S3906 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3906 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3906–08 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S3909 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3903–04 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3909–24 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S3924–25 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3925 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—122)
                                            Pages S3886–87 S3887 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 6:39 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, June 14, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3925.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN8.REC D13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD668 June 13, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported S. 3042, to pro-vide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. NTIA OVERSIGHT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-ine the National Telecommunications and Informa-tion Administration, after receiving testimony from David J. Redl, Assistant Secretary for Communica-tions and Information, National Telecommunications and Information Administration, Department of Commerce. WATER AND POWER LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Water and Power concluded a hearing to examine S. 3001, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project, H.R. 132, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and H.R. 1967, to amend the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to authorize pumped storage hydropower de-velopment utilizing multiple Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs, after receiving testimony from Timothy R. Petty, Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Water and Science. INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine innovation and America’s infrastructure, focusing on the effects of emerging autonomous technologies on America’s roads and bridges, after receiving testimony from William T. Panos, Wyoming Department of Trans-portation Director, Cheyenne, on behalf of the Asso-ciation of State Highway and Transportation Offi-cials; Shailen P. Bhatt, Intelligent Transportation So-ciety of America, and Shaun Kildare, Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, both of Washington, D.C.; Zachary Doerzaph, Virginia Tech Transpor-tation Institute Center for Advanced Automotive Re-search, Blacksburg; and Polly Trottenberg, New York City Department of Transportation, New York, New York. ARMY CORPS’ REGULATION OF SURPLUS WATER Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Army Corps’ regulation of surplus water and the role of states’ rights, after receiving testimony from Stephen P. Mulligan, Legislative At-torney, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; Steven Pirner, South Dakota Department of Environment and Natural Resources Secretary, Pierre; and Ward J. Scott, Western Governors’ Asso-ciation, Denver, Colorado. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Western Hemisphere Affairs), Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, who was introduced by Senator Cornyn and Representative Sessions, and Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, all of the Depart-ment of State, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-lowing business items: S. 2836, to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from un-manned aircraft and vehicles, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3041, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide for disaster recovery reforms, with amendments; S. 2948, to improve efforts to identify and reduce Government-wide improper payments; S. 1204, to authorize the United States Postal Service to carry out emergency suspensions of post offices in accordance with certain procedures, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3047, to establish a narcotic drug screening technology pilot program to combat illicit opioid importation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3027, to save taxpayer money and improve the efficiency and speed of intragovernmental cor-respondence, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN8.REC D13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D669 June 13, 2018 
S. 2374, to amend the Improper Payments Elimi-nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, in-cluding making changes to the Do Not Pay Initia-tive, for improved detection, prevention, and recov-ery of improper payments to deceased individuals, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3031, to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal personal property; S. 2397, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to establish a data framework to provide ac-cess for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other information of the Department, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2896, to require disclosure by lobbyists of con-victions for bribery, extortion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax evasion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false statements, perjury, or money laun-dering; S. 2276, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2549, to designate the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brook-lyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’; S. 2692, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4581, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop best practices for utilizing ad-vanced passenger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vet-ting operations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; H.R. 5079, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Se-curity to develop an engagement strategy with fu-sion centers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; H.R. 4567, to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel enhancement plan; H.R. 1496, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’; H.R. 2673, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’; H.R. 3183, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madi-son Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’; H.R. 4301, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Wil-liams Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4406, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4463, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’; H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4646, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4685, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. An-drew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’; H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4840, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’; and The nominations of Kelly Higashi, to be an Asso-ciate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, and Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported H.R. 1491, to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians. GAO HIGH RISK LIST Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Government Ac-countability Office high risk list, focusing on turn-ing around vulnerable Indian programs, after receiv-ing testimony from Frank Rusco, Director, Natural Resources and Environment, Government Account-ability Office; Tony Dearman, Director, Bureau of Indian Education, and Darryl LaCounte, Acting Di-rector, Bureau of Indian Affairs, both of the Depart-ment of the Interior; and Rear Admiral Michael D. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN8.REC D13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD670 June 13, 2018 
Weahkee, Acting Director, Indian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services. CONFRONTING HARASSMENT IN THE FEDERAL JUDICIARY Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine confronting sexual harassment and other workplace misconduct in the Federal judi-ciary, after receiving testimony from James C. Duff, Director, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, Judicial Conference of the United States; and Jamie A. Santos, Goodwin Procter LLP, and Jenny R. Yang, Working Ideal, both of Washington, D.C. NOMINATION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, after the nomi-nee testified and answered questions in his own be-half. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6, 6080–6100; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 123; and H. Res. 936–940 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H5151–52 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5153–54 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5804, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for modifications in payment for certain outpatient surgical services (H. Rept. 115–752, Part 1); H.R. 5809, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to encourage the use of non-opioid anal-gesics for the management of post-surgical pain under the Medicare program, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–753, Part 1); and H.R. 5861, to amend part A of title IV of the So-cial Security Act, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–754).
                     Page H5151 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Norman to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5097 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:58 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H5104 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Daniel C. Gunn, St. An-drew’s Episcopal Church and School, New Provi-dence, New Jersey.
                                                   Page H5104 
Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Syn-thetic Analogues Act, Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act, and Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act—Rule for Consider-ation: The House agreed to H. Res. 934, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2851) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how con-trolled substance analogues are to be regulated; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to es-tablish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders; and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5788) to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection of certain international mail ship-ments and to require the provision of advance elec-tronic information on international mail shipments of mail, by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 175 noes, Roll No. 262, after the previous question was or-dered by a yea-and-nay vote of 230 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 261.                                                      Pages H5107–15 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act of 2018: H.R. 5294, to amend title 40, United States Code, to address the impact of drug abuse on economic de-velopment in Appalachia;
                              Pages H5115–17 
Stop Illicit Drug Importation Act of 2018: H.R. 5752, amended, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the importation of certain drugs;
                                                       Pages H5117–19 
Curbing Realistic Exploitative Electronic Pedophilic Robots Act: H.R. 4655, to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the importation or transportation of child sex dolls;
         Pages H5119–21 
Reauthorizing and Extending Grants for Recov-ery from Opioid Use Programs Act of 2018: H.R. 6029, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the com-prehensive opioid abuse grant program; 
                                                                                    Pages H5121–23 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN8.REC D13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D671 June 13, 2018 
Recognizing Early Childhood Trauma Related to Substance Abuse Act of 2018: H.R. 5889, to re-quire the Secretary of Health and Human Services to disseminate information, resources, and if requested, technical assistance to early childhood care and edu-cation providers and professionals working with young children on ways to properly recognize and respond to children who may be impacted by trauma related to substance abuse;
                           Pages H5123–25 
Assisting States’ Implementation of Plans of Safe Care Act: H.R. 5890, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide assistance to States in complying with, and implementing, cer-tain provisions of section 106 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act in order to promote better protections for young children and family-cen-tered responses, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 406 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 263;
            Pages H5125–27, H5135–36 
Improving the Federal Response to Families Im-pacted by Substance Use Disorder Act: H.R. 5891, to establish an interagency task force to improve the Federal response to families impacted by substance abuse disorders, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 409 yeas to 8 nays, Roll No. 264; 
                                                                Pages H5127–29, H5136–37 
Establishing an Advisory Committee on Opioids and the Workplace to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the Department of Labor can take to address the impact of opioid abuse on the work-place: H.R. 5892, to establish an Advisory Com-mittee on Opioids and the Workplace to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the Department of Labor can take to address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace;
                                              Pages H5129–31 
Supporting Grandparents Raising Grand-children Act: S. 1091, amended, to establish a Fed-eral Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren;
                                                    Pages H5131–33 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To es-tablish a Federal Advisory Council to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren’’.
          Page H5133 
Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act: H.R. 2147, amended, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court serv-ices to justice-involved veterans; and
      Pages H5133–35 
Directing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peer-to-peer counselors pro-viding counseling for women veterans: H.R. 4635, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peer-to-peer counselors providing counseling for women veterans. 
                                                                                    Pages H5137–38 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H5106. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H5114–15, H5115, H5135–36, H5136–37. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:34 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held a markup on the FY 2019 State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the FY 2019 Defense Appropriations Bill; and the FY 2019 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 De-fense Appropriations Bill and the FY 2019 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill were ordered reported, as amended. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AVIATION SAFETY MISHAP REVIEW AND OVERSIGHT PROCESS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-tical Air and Land Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Aviation Safety Mishap Re-view and Oversight Process’’. Testimony was heard from Brigadier General David J. Francis, Com-manding General, U.S. Army Combat Readiness Center and Director of Army Safety; Rear Admiral Upper Half Mark Leavitt, Commander, U.S. Naval Safety Center; and Major General John T. Rauch, Jr., Air Force Chief of Staff, Commander, U.S. Air Force Safety Center. THE POWER OF CHARTER SCHOOLS: PROMOTING OPPORTUNITY FOR AMERICA’S STUDENTS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Power of Char-ter Schools: Promoting Opportunity for America’s Students’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a markup on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN8.REC D13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD672 June 13, 2018 
H.R. 2345, the ‘‘National Suicide Hotline Improve-ment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5709, the ‘‘PIRATE Act’’; H.R. 3994, the ‘‘ACCESS BROADBAND Act’’; and H.R. 4881, the ‘‘Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018’’. H.R. 2345, H.R. 5709, H.R. 3994, and H.R. 4881 were forwarded to the full Com-mittee, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a markup on H.R. 6032, the ‘‘State of Modern Appli-cation, Research, and Trends of IoT Act’’. H.R. 6032 was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATION: THE OFFICE OF THE COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Financial Industry Regulation: the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency’’. Tes-timony was heard from Joseph Otting, Comptroller, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. ENSURING EFFECTIVENESS, FAIRNESS, AND TRANSPARENCY IN SECURITIES LAW ENFORCEMENT Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Investment held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Effectiveness, Fairness, and Transparency in Securities Law Enforcement’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. THE MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA: ENSURING RESOURCES MATCH OBJECTIVES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Middle East and North Africa: Ensuring Resources Match Objectives’’. Testimony was heard from David M. Satterfield, Acting Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State; and Hallam H. Ferguson, Senior Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for the Middle East, U.S. Agency for International Development. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4423, the ‘‘North Texas Water Supply Security Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5954, the ‘‘Anti-terrorism Clarification Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5904, the ‘‘NOPEC’’. H.R. 4423, H.R. 5954, and H.R. 5904 were ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 2365, the ‘‘Desert Community Lands Act’’; H.R. 2606, the ‘‘Stigler Act Amend-ments of 2017’’; H.R. 3744, the ‘‘Tribal Recogni-tion Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5787, the ‘‘Strengthening Coastal Communities Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5874, the ‘‘Restoring Accountability in the Indian Health Service Act of 2018’’. H.R. 2365, H.R. 2606, H.R. 3744, and H.R. 5787 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 5874 was ordered reported, without amendment. THE IMPACT OF CATEGORY MANAGEMENT ON THE SMALL BUSINESS INDUSTRIAL BASE Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Category Manage-ment on the Small Business Industrial Base’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing on H.R. 2787, the ‘‘VET MD Act’’; H.R. 3696, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Workforce Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5521, the ‘‘VA Hiring En-hancement Act’’; H.R. 5693, the ‘‘Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act’’; H.R. 5864, the ‘‘VA Hos-pitals Establishing Leadership Performance Act’’; H.R. 5974, the ‘‘VA COST SAVINGS Enhance-ments Act’’; H.R. 5938, the ‘‘Veterans Serving Vet-erans Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6066, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the productivity of the management of Department of Veterans Af-fairs health care, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Representatives Hartzler, Higgins of Louisiana, Bost, Denham, Gonza´lez-Colo´n of Puerto Rico, and Wenstrup; Jessica Bonjorni, Acting Assist-ant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Work-force Services, Veterans Health Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
MULTIEMPLOYER PENSION PLANS Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pen-sion Plans: Committee concluded a hearing to exam-ine employer perspectives on multiemployer pension plans, after receiving testimony from Christopher Langan, United Parcel Service, Inc., Atlanta, Geor-gia; Aliya Wong, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Washington, D.C.; Mary Moorkamp, Schnuck Mar-kets, Inc., St. Louis, Missouri; and Burke Blackman, Egger Steel Company, Sioux Falls, South Dakota. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN8.REC D13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D673 June 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to mark up an original bill making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, Environmental Protection Agency, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Commerce, Department of Justice, science, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and an original bill making appropriations for the legislative branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 11 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine an update from the Comptroller of the Currency, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Korea, Tibor Peter Nagy, Jr., of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary (African Affairs), and David Schenker, of New Jersey, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Near Eastern Affairs), all of the Depart-ment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diver-sion of controlled substances, S. 974, to promote com-petition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products, S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, and Susan Llewellyn Pamerleau, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Texas, Gadyaces S. Serralta, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Florida, R. Don Ladner, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Flor-ida, and Charles L. Goodwin, to be United States Marshal for the District of Hawaii, all of the Department of Jus-tice, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Readi-ness, hearing entitled ‘‘Navy and Air Force Depot Policy Issues and Infrastructure Concerns’’, 9 a.m., 2212 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing en-titled ‘‘Understanding the Digital Advertising Eco-system’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘The Chemical Facilities Anti-Terrorism Standards Program (CFATS)—A Progress Report’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5749, the ‘‘Options Markets Stability Act’’; H.R. 5953, the ‘‘Building Up Independent Lives and Dreams Act’’; H.R. 6035, the ‘‘Streamlining Communica-tions for Investors Act’’; H.R. 6068, the ‘‘Counter Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance Act’’; H.R. 6069, the ‘‘Fight Illicit Networks and Detect Trafficking Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Democracy Promotion in a Challenging World’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing on legislation on the ‘‘En-hancing State Management of Federal Lands and Waters Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘NASA Cost and Schedule Overruns: Acquisition and Program Management Chal-lenges’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Shrinking the Skills Gap: Solutions to the Small Busi-ness Workforce Shortage’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13JN8.REC D13JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD674 June 13, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, June 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282) at 10:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, June 14 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 5788— Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018 and H.R. 5735—Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bera, Ami, Calif., E831 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E834 Carbajal, Salud O., Calif., E831 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E831 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E832, E833, E835 Crawford, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’, Ark., E832 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E836 Estes, Ron, Kans., E833, E835 Graves, Sam, Mo., E831 Green, Al, Tex., E835 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E833 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E832 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E832 Perry, Scott, Pa., E835 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E832 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E831 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E831 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E833 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E833 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:07 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13JN8.REC D13JNPT1