Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3961 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 18, 2018 No. 101 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at 12 noon. 
Senate 
MONDAY , JUNE18, 2018 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
ODD Y
OUNG , a Senator from the State of In-diana. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Loving God, whose ways are clearly seen as the Heavens declare Your glory, we celebrate Your faithfulness. Lord, we see around us change and decay, but You are changeless. We pray for our lawmakers, for our Nation and its leaders, and for all the nations of this Earth. Through the power of Your Spirit, use our Senators to cause jus-tice to roll down like waters and right-eousness like a mighty stream. As chil-dren are being separated from their parents, remind us to love our neigh-bors as ourselves and to protect the most vulnerable in our world. May we claim afresh Your forgiving and trans-forming power, becoming instruments of Your love in our world. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 18, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
ODD YOUNG , a Sen- ator from the State of Indiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. YOUNG thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 5515, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, Amer-icans are deeply troubled by the images and news of parents being separated from their children at the southern border. The Trump administration’s policy of zero tolerance at the border has already resulted in 2,300 cases of forced family separation, according to Homeland Security statistics obtained by the Associated Press. The pace of separations has increased from nearly 50 to nearly 70 a day. Any parent could imagine how dif-ficult this is, how heartbreaking it is to be forcibly separated from your young son or your young daughter, looking at their faces as they wonder: What is going on here? Why are they taking my parents away from me? It is just as heartbreaking to imagine the separation and the anxiety it produces in everybody. Let’s be clear. Separating children from their parents and denying relief to victims of brutal domestic violence will not make our country a better or safer place. These policies are cruel, in-humane, and so unlike the America we have known for 229 years. No one who doesn’t meet the legal re-quirements should be allowed into this country; we cannot have open borders, but we have an adjudication process for those cases. In the past, there has been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.000 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3962 June 18, 2018 
no need to separate parents from chil-dren while that adjudication was oc-curring. The Trump administration has actively decided to take a different, crueler, more callous approach. Yet what does President Trump do? He has spent the last few days trying to deflect blame. The President has said repeatedly that the separation of parents and children is the result of a law ‘‘the Democrats forced . . . upon our nation.’’ That is not true. Allow me to quote from the Associ-ated Press’s nonpartisan, fact-check of the President’s claims. Here is what they say: 
There is no law mandating the separation of children and parents at the border. The separations are a consequence of a Trump administration policy to maximize criminal prosecutions of people caught trying to enter the U.S. illegally. Trump’s repeated, but nonspecific references to a Democratic law appear to involve one enacted in 2008. It passed unanimously in Congress— 
That meant Democrats and Repub-licans supported it— 
and was signed by Republican President George W. Bush. 
He was hardly a Democrat. 
It was focused on freeing and otherwise helping children who come to the border without a parent or guardian. It does not call for family separation. 
I know what Donald Trump will say as he tries to undo our American insti-tutions: That is fake news. It is from the Associated Press, which has had a reputation of being down the middle for scores of years. Let me quote the New York Post edi-torial, one of the most conservative newspapers in America—hard right. Here is what they say: 
The immediate cause of the crisis is Team Trump’s decision to start prosecuting illegal border-crossers, rather than simply deport-ing them. 
In the editorial, they ought to go on and say to President Trump: Fix this problem. Stop blaming Democrats. They are not to blame. President Trump and Attorney Gen-eral Sessions announced this zero tol-erance policy in April, and it went into effect in May. If there were a law re-quiring it, why hasn’t it been going on since Trump became President? They just started it. Chief of Staff Kelly called the policy a ‘‘tough deterrent.’’ This has nothing to do with our cur-rent immigration laws. It has nothing to do with any Democratic law. This is entirely a decision made by the Trump administration to start separating families. Let me say this to President Trump: President Trump, you can undo the policy tomorrow, if you want to, with a snap of your fingers. President Trump, if you don’t want to change the policy, own up to it and defend it, instead of blaming somebody falsely. Either re-verse it, which you can do, Mr. Presi-dent, or own up to it. But this idea that ‘‘Oh, well, Democrats are to blame’’ is false and untrue and not showing much strength or courage of conviction. HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, over the past few months, insurers in several States— Maryland, Virginia, New York, Penn-sylvania, and Oregon—have requested significant rate increases for next year, the result of Republican healthcare policies that have undermined our healthcare system. On Friday, the State of Minnesota sought a decrease in their rates. Why? What has made Minnesota so different from these other States? Why were the people of Minnesota allowed to breathe a sigh of relief that their in-surance costs weren’t going up, wheth-er it be the monthly payments or the deductible or the copay? Why? I will tell you why. Minnesota implemented a State-funded reinsur-ance program that is helping to back-stop their healthcare market. This is what can happen when States support patients and fight back against what President Trump and congressional Re-publicans are doing. This is what hap-pens when you try to strengthen our healthcare system instead of sabo-taging it. Imagine if every State were like Min-nesota. Imagine if every State, for the first time in decades, were dropping premiums and out-of-pocket costs for consumers next year. Think about what a difference that would make in the lives of tens of millions of Ameri-cans who pay too much for healthcare and worry that their healthcare bills are going to go up and the quality of their healthcare and availability of their healthcare will go down. It wouldn’t have been that difficult to achieve the goals of Minnesota. We spent months negotiating a bipartisan healthcare stabilization package that included ideas like the reinsurance pol-icy that has been implemented in Min-nesota. Senator N
ELSON from Florida talked about this and wanted to do it; our Republican friends wouldn’t. Senators M
URRAY and A LEXANDER  came to an agreement. It would have done a load of good. But rather than pass that bill to strengthen our healthcare system, even after the Re-publicans tried and failed to repeal the ACA, the Republicans doubled down on sabotage. They just hate the system— the idea that people should get so much help from their government—and they make it worse. As a part of the tax bill, Republicans repealed the cov-erage requirement and put nothing in its place. Then they added poison pills to the bipartisan bill to make sure it wouldn’t pass. When President Trump canceled the program that helps offset costs for low- income Americans and proposed ex-panding junk insurance plans that cost a lot and cover very little, our Repub-lican colleagues hardly made a peep. Recently, the administration has said that it will refuse to defend in court the protections for Americans with preexisting conditions. This is a new one. Our Republican friends now say: We don’t want to make sure a fam-ily who has a preexisting condition gets health insurance. That is even worse than before. Last week, the Republican leader said that his whole caucus supports protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. While this is a complete reversal from the various healthcare bills our Republican leader-ship supported last year, which would have decimated protections for people with preexisting conditions, I applaud him for saying it and hope it represents turning over a new leaf. Now Senate Republicans have to put their money where their mouth is. When President Trump does things that are so bad for the American peo-ple, so bad for his very supporters who depend on healthcare, our Republican colleagues fold. They are afraid of him. I hope that is not the case with pre-existing conditions because millions of Americans’ lives and health and sanity, at least fiscal sanity, depend on it. If Republicans were serious about maintaining protections for people with preexisting conditions, they would join us in urging the Trump ad-ministration to reverse their shameful decision not to defend the preexisting healthcare law in court. They would join us in urging the administration not to finalize their plan to sell junk insurance policies. I say to my Republican friends and my dear friend Leader MCCONNELL : Ac-tions speak louder than words. Your simply saying that your whole caucus supports protecting Americans with preexisting conditions doesn’t make it so, as the very administration you sup-port tries to undo it. Republicans should work with Demo-crats, right now and throughout the summer, to focus on lowering costs for the American people. That starts with telling the Trump administration to defend the vital protections for Ameri-cans with preexisting conditions. I wish to say one more thing on the immigration issue. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
First, Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the New York Post editorial, which I referenced, titled: ‘‘Stop break-ing up families at the border.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From NY Post] S
TOPBREAKING UPFAMILIES AT THE BORDER  (By Post Editorial Board) House Speaker Paul Ryan says he wants to stop the mass separation of children from their families along the border, but his bid to fix it is pathetic. And President Trump’s claim that Democrats need to change the relevant law is no better. The immediate cause of the crisis is Team Trump’s decision to start prosecuting illegal border-crossers, rather than simply deport-ing them. Because the law severely limits how long the feds can detain the children, immigration officials on the ground then have no choice but to break up the families. Ryan’s answer is to stick a change of the law into the two big immigration bills he has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.002 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3963 June 18, 2018 
the House voting on this week. But there’s no way the Senate will pass either one—in-deed, not much chance the House will. Anyway, making it so Immigration and Customs Enforcement can detain the kids along with their parents is only a minor im-provement—since ICE is already running out of space to hold people, and looking at ‘‘tent cities’’ as a supposedly temporary expedient. You can bet that critics will start calling these ‘‘Trump’s concentration camps,’’ and the term will catch on if they’re full of kids. The polls were starting to suggest that Re-publicans might not lose big in this Novem-ber’s midterm elections, but they’ll turn back the other way if this keeps up—and rightly so. It’s not just that this looks terrible in the eyes of the world. It is terrible: at least 2,000 children ripped from their parents’ arms, sometimes literally, in just the first six weeks. Maybe the White House figures families will stop coming once word gets out, but they won’t all stop: Some are fleeing truly horrific situations back home. We recognize that returning to the policy of two months back creates some perverse incentives: Bring kids along, and you’ll just be deported if you’re caught. But at least switching back avoids having the U.S. gov-ernment earning comparisons to the Nazis. If the president doesn’t want to admit de-feat, he can just add this to the long list of things he blames on Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Trying to tough this one out is guaranteed disaster. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, sec-ond, I wish to mention this. The House is toying with a bill, supported by some of the less extreme Republicans, and they are trying to deal with this issue of family separation. First, we haven’t seen the copy, but from all reports, it doesn’t really deal with this. Second, it is loaded up with so many other poison pills that it is never going to see the light of day. If our Republican colleagues in the House, who endeavored to pass the dis-charge petition and failed by a few votes—so they could help the Dream-ers—want to do something real about this, about the Dreamers, and about family reunification, the support of the bill that is dead on arrival in the Sen-ate will not assuage their constituents, assuage their conscience, or, most im-portant, fix the problem. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from New York. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the humanitarian crisis happening right now in our coun-try at the border—something I implore my colleagues to fight to stop. The De-partment of Homeland Security is tear-ing young children from the arms of their parents. They are traumatizing infants and children, and Congress needs urgently to act. I know we have disagreements about immigration policy in this Chamber, and I know we have disagreements about how we should fix our immigra-tion system, which we have desperately needed to fix for decades. Surely, we must be able to agree that Federal agents should not be tearing young children from the arms of their par-ents. We must be able to agree that families with infants should not be forcibly separated. Where is the outrage? Where is the urgency? I hear my colleagues speak all the time about Federal Government over-reach. If this isn’t Federal Government overreach, what is? This is the moment that they have gone too far. One moth-er was breastfeeding her infant. A Fed-eral agent took that baby out of her mother’s arms, handcuffed her, and ar-rested her. Where is that baby now? How is that baby doing? Where is the baby’s moth-er? From mid-April through the end of last month, almost 2,000 children were separated from adults at the border. Nearly 50 times a day on American soil, our government has separated a child from their parents, creating fear and terror in their lives. Just today, it was reported that the Department of Homeland Security is now holding 11,785 minors—11,785 minors. This is a disgrace. One worker at a detention center for children just resigned as a conscien-tious objector, and he described the children being held there as a ‘‘trauma-tized population that has no clue what’s going on.’’ He said the staff was not prepared at all to look after 4- and 5-year-olds who were coming into these detention centers. He said the kids were screaming and crying for their moms and dads. Pediatricians who met these children were calling it ‘‘govern-ment-sanctioned child abuse.’’ One of our colleagues in the House was able to meet with mothers whose children were taken from them at the border. She said that in some cases, the mothers were ‘‘literally sitting in a room next to where the children were being held and could hear their chil-dren screaming.’’ Have we not studied our own history? This is the kind of thing we read about in history books and to which we shake our heads in disgust. We ask ourselves: How did we let this happen? We ask ourselves: Why didn’t Congress stop this? Why didn’t anyone do anything? Don’t we remember what happened during World War II with the Japanese internment camps? Children were trau-matized, and families were damaged— in some cases permanently. The memo-rial to remind us of this is a stone’s throw from the U.S. Capitol. It is just for the purpose of reminding us to never do it again. We cannot let our country go down this dark road again. If Congress does not stop the out-of- control Department of Homeland Secu-rity—if Congress does not stop families from being torn apart—even though it is happening right in front of our eyes, then this Congress will go down in his-tory as a weak Congress that did noth-ing to stop one of the worst, horrific chapters of American history. This has to be the moment when we do our jobs—when we stand up, speak truth to power, and do the right thing. We don’t know how many kids are going to be traumatized for the rest of their lives because of our actions. These young children will never forget that when they first came to America, they were separated from their moth-ers and their fathers. The President of the United States is not telling the truth to the American people about this policy. It is not true that this immoral and repulsive prac-tice of separating children from their parents is a mandatory result of exist-ing law. It is just not true. This is the stated practice and policy of zero toler-ance by this administration. It is ab-horrent and immoral. The administra-tion could stop this all by itself today if it wanted to, but since it will not, Congress will need to act. If this Con-gress cannot or will not push back against this administration when it is actually harming children, when will it act? I urge my colleagues to come to-gether right now to stop this stain on our Nation. We have a bill that was in-troduced by Senator FEINSTEIN . We al-ready have 49 cosponsors. We should vote on this bill. It would protect the welfare of children. It would make sure that children would not be separated from their parents. The only time they would be separated from their parents or the adults they are with is if they are being trafficked or abused. Other-wise, families should be allowed to stay together. We should do the right thing. This is a moral issue. This is a humanitarian issue. This is an issue of right versus wrong. As a mother and as a legislator, I can’t imagine the terror these par-ents face in not knowing what is going to happen to their children. It is wrong for us to stand by silently. It is wrong for us to do nothing. This is what the darkness looks like. We have to stand up against it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, in a few minutes—maybe in about an hour and a half—we will be voting on the National Defense Authorization Act, which Congress has passed faithfully for 57 consecutive years. That indicates the sense of importance we all have to-ward funding and providing the au-thorities and equipment and training that are necessary for our military to do the job we have asked it to do. I particularly commend Senators I
NHOFE and R EEDfor their leadership in guiding us through the passage of this bill. There are 1.8 million people in the world who are on Active Duty in the U.S. military—1.8 million people. The United States has 737 military installa-tions, and the Department of Defense is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.006 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3964 June 18, 2018 
the world’s largest employer. Sup-porting all of these people in these fa-cilities is no easy task, and the Defense authorization bill is one very signifi-cant way in which we do exactly that. It is how we make sure that all of the men and women in uniform are paid, that our alliances are strengthened, and that military facilities are prop-erly modernized and maintained. The bill we are voting on will support an appropriation of up to $716 billion for those tasks. I might add that that is a huge number, but this is the Fed-eral Government’s No. 1 responsibility. In my opinion, everything else the Fed-eral Government does comes after pro-viding for the common defense because nobody else—no local government, no State government, no private sector— could possibly provide for the common defense. America’s leadership role in the world remains essential because we know that while there are other coun-tries that will work with us—for exam-ple, our NATO allies—they require and the world really demands American leadership, and that is what provides for the safety and security and the peace all across the planet. In Texas, there are roughly 200,000 men and women who wear the uniform of the U.S. military in places like Fort Hood, Joint Base San Antonio, Naval Air Station Corpus Christi, and Dyess Air Force Base in Abilene. Those are the people I think of each year as we take up the Defense authorization bill. We rely on them to provide our secu-rity, and they rely on us to deliver what they need in order to be success-ful. One thing this year’s bill will do is to give our troops a 2.6-percent pay raise, which will be the largest in 10 years. It doesn’t sound like a lot, but I am sure they will appreciate it nonetheless. Given the state of today’s world, maintaining our military readiness has never been more important or more difficult. The array of security threats that face the United States is more complex and diverse than it has been at any time since World War II. Our mili-tary leaders say that the strategic en-vironment has not been this competi-tive since the Cold War. Our adver-saries are investing in their capabili-ties and, in some areas, are surpassing us. Simply put, America no longer en-joys the comparative advantage it once had over our competitors and adver-saries. As I said earlier, the Defense author-ization bill is important for reasons that hit much closer to home. I am thinking about Texas military families and military facilities. This year’s De-fense authorization bill will authorize $158 million for military construction projects in Texas, including a new basic military training dormitory at Joint Base San Antonio and a new warehouse at the Red River Army Depot in East Texas. It will prioritize access to high-qual-ity education for military children, es-tablish a Federal grant program for in-frastructure near military commu-nities, as well as to protect our air-ports and airfields from radar inter-ference, which builds on previous ef-forts at Sheppard Air Force Base and Naval Air Station Corpus Christi. One additional part of the Defense authorization bill I will highlight pro-motes justice for victims of sexual as-sault on military bases. This stems from a piece of legislation that I co-sponsored with the Senator from Maine, Mr. K
ING, which has been in-cluded in the final bill that we are vot-ing on, called the Children of Military Protection Act. It is based on actual case studies at Fort Hood and Fort Bliss that were brought to my atten-tion by military lawyers. Finally, the Defense authorization bill will invest in a medical program at Fort Bliss, cyber institutes at places like Texas A&M, and our workhorse legacy fighter aircraft, like the F–16s at Joint Base Fort Worth. Texas priorities are far from the only ones addressed in the NDAA, but they are important, and I am glad we are taking care of servicemembers in my State and keeping our commitment to them. So let’s get the NDAA across the finish line this evening. 
FAMILY SEPARATION POLICY  
Madam President, the other issue I want to talk about is the ongoing situ-ation at the U.S.-Mexico border. This is the border from my State to Mexico— 1,200 miles of common border. Just like under the Obama adminis-tration in 2014, we have seen a surge of unaccompanied children and families coming across our southern border dur-ing the spring and summer months. Overwhelmingly, these families and these children are coming from Central America—in other words, from coun-tries that are not adjacent to or con-tiguous to the United States. Some have presented themselves lawfully at ports of entry, but others have tried to enter illegally. For example, if you are attempting to claim asylum, you can show up at one of our bridges or ports of entry and claim asylum without breaking the law. Yet, if you enter the country be-tween the ports of entry—through the wild, wild west, I will call it, of the Texas frontier and border region—you will be entering the country illegally. You can then claim asylum, but you will still have entered the country ille-gally, so your asylum claim will have to be considered in that context. The Trump administration has made the decision to enforce all of our laws by prosecuting adults in criminal court when they are apprehended after hav-ing crossed our borders illegally. I sup-port that approach—a zero tolerance approach—for adults who violate our immigration laws. This law has been on the books for many decades but has not always been adequately enforced. Because of numerous Federal court decisions, settlements, and statutes, an adult can be separated from a child as part of the legal process as it plays out. That way, children are placed in sepa-rate, safer settings. I doubt many of us would want a child to go to a jail cell in which somebody is being held for having illegally entered the country. That is why children are put in sepa-rate, safer settings. They aren’t left unattended to fend for themselves amongst potentially violent criminals who are being detained in regular ICE or Bureau of Prison facilities. Those legal decisions, settlements, and statutes are important to acknowl-edge because, as the New York Times stated this week, ‘‘There is no [express] Trump administration policy stating that illegal border crossers must be separated from their children.’’ So the New York Times—hardly a big Trump cheerleader—has said, ‘‘There is no [ex-press] Trump administration policy stating that illegal border crossers must be separated from their chil-dren.’’ In other words, this is as a re-sult of other consent decrees and laws which are within the power of Congress to change. In fact, I think every Mem-ber of this Chamber will agree that we should never be placing children in prison cells or jails with hardened criminals when their parents are being prosecuted. By the same token, I don’t want family members to be separated from one another as a result of DHS and administration officials enforcing the laws they are sworn to uphold. We have to keep family members together and prevent unnecessary hardship, stress, and outrage. The good news is, we have it within our power to find a better way because parents who are awaiting court pro-ceedings shouldn’t have to do so sepa-rated from their children and children shouldn’t be taken from their parents and left frightened and confused about where they are and what is transpiring around them. In 2014, I introduced a bipartisan bill called the HUMANE Act with my col-league Representative H
ENRY CUELLAR  of Laredo, TX. I plan to soon reintro-duce an updated version of that legisla-tion. It will include provisions that mitigate the problem of family separa-tion while improving the immigration court process for unaccompanied chil-dren and families apprehended at the border. To the greatest extent possible, fami-lies presenting at ports of entry or ap-prehended crossing the border illegally will be kept together while waiting for their court hearings, which will be ex-pedited. Additionally, this legislation will help eliminate the incentive for unaccompanied minors and family units with children to come to the U.S. illegally by expediting their court hearings. We found that catch and re-lease is merely an inducement for fur-ther illegal immigration. By detaining these families together to make sure they appear before an immigration judge and receive any immigration benefits they are entitled to under Fed-eral law, this will serve as a further de-terrent for others who do not qualify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.007 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3965 June 18, 2018 
for those immigration benefits. These minors should be afforded all required due process and have access to rep-resentation in court when making their claims. Through this expedited immigration court process, we would help ensure that children and family units with claims for immigration re-lief in the United States are able to re-ceive their day in court rather than waiting in a multiyear backlog. This legislation is not a solution for all of our problems at the border—far be it—but it would make real improve-ments to deter illegal immigration while ensuring the humane treatment of children and family members who entered the country in violation of our laws. I ask colleagues on both sides of the aisle to take a hard look at this bill and work together to find a reason-able solution for this component of the crisis at our border. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, be-fore I go to the substance of my re-marks, let me just say what I think is on the minds of millions of Americans today, whether they are progressives or conservatives, Democrats or Repub-licans or Independents. The United States of America is not and must never be about locking up little chil-dren in cages on the southern border. Right now, we have the opportunity, and must take advantage of that op-portunity, to pass legislation to end that horrific practice. Madam President, I want to take this moment to thank my colleagues for their very hard work on the Depart-ment of Defense authorization bill. Un-fortunately, for a number of reasons which I will articulate right now, I in-tend to vote against it, and certainly one of those reasons is that when you have legislation that expends $716 bil-lion—let me repeat it—$716 billion, it is totally unacceptable that we do not have a serious debate on the floor of the Senate that amendments are not accepted to improve this legislation. I have submitted a number of amend-ments, and other colleagues, I know, have done the same. I want to express my strong feelings about our Nation’s bloated military budget, particularly in light of the many unmet needs we face as a nation. A $716 billion military budget is over half of the discretionary budget in this country. The size of that budget tells me we need vigorous debate on it. We need to find where there is waste, where there is fraud, where there are cost overruns, and to simply pass that gigantic budget without scrutiny is simply not acceptable. I have heard over and over my Re-publican colleagues and some of my Democratic colleagues come down to the floor to complain about a $21 tril-lion national debt—and they are right. That is a huge debt we are leaving to our children and our grandchildren, but I do find it interesting that I do not hear any objections to the size of this military budget, to the fact that it has been expanded by $165 billion over the next 2 years. So what I do find is that when we talk about providing healthcare to all of our people—and doing what every other major nation on Earth that guar-antees healthcare as a right and not a privilege does—suddenly people are standing up and saying: We can’t afford it. It is too expensive. But when it comes to a $716 billion military budget, which is more than the 10 next coun-tries combined spend on defense, I do not hear a word about the size of the budget and about our deficit. We have been told over and over that we cannot make public colleges and universities tuition-free; that we can-not lower the student debt levels that millions of people in this country carry decade after decade; that we cannot make public colleges and universities tuition-free, but somehow we can spend $716 billion on a military budget. Even though over half of older Americans have no retirement savings, we have been told we need to cut Social Secu-rity, not expand Social Security. I think it is time to get our priorities right, and what our priorities are about is addressing the fact that we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of al-most any major country; that we have millions of seniors in Vermont and around this country trying to get by on $11,000, $12,000, $13,000 a year in Social Security; that our infrastructure is collapsing. Maybe we ought to start ad-dressing the issues and the needs of the working people of this country rather than just pour more and more money into the defense budget. The time is long overdue for us to take a hard look at the enormous—and I underline the word ‘‘enormous’’— amount of waste, the cost overruns, the fraud and the financial mismanage-ment that has plagued the Department of Defense for decades. That is why I have offered a bipartisan amendment, along with Senators G
RASSLEY and L
EE, to end the absurdity of the De-partment of Defense being the only Federal agency to have not undergone an audit. I don’t think it is too much to ask, when we are spending $716 bil-lion, to have the Department of De-fense give us an audit to tell the Amer-ican people how that money is being spent. Tell us about the fraud. Tell us about the cost overruns. According to a Gallup poll a few months ago, 65 percent of the American people oppose spending more money on the Department of Defense, but that is precisely what we are doing right now—not only spending more money but spending a lot more money. As a point of comparison—and it is important we do this—the increase in military spending that is in this bill is larger than the entire budget of China. I am just talking about the increase in military spending. China spends about $150 billion a year on defense. We are going to be increasing military spend-ing by $165 billion over a 2-year period. Russia spends about $61 billion a year on defense. This budget, again, is $716 billion. Now, I am sure our friends in the de-fense contractor industry are very ex-cited about this—they are going to be making zillions of dollars—but I am not so sure working people are excited about a budget at the same time as my Republican friends tell us we cannot af-ford nutrition programs for children or to expand Social Security for the elder-ly. I think we all believe in a strong na-tional defense, but we cannot continue to give the Pentagon and defense con-tractors like Lockheed Martin a blank check while we ignore the needs of working families. About half of the Pentagon’s $716 bil-lion budget goes directly into the hands of private contractors, not our troops. There are troops out there who are living on food stamps. We want to address that problem, but at the same time we do not have to make the mili-tary industrial complex even wealthier than they are today. Let us also be clear. Over the past two decades, virtually every major de-fense contractor in the United States has paid millions of dollars in fines and settlements for misconduct and fraud, all while making huge profits on these government contracts. Since 1995, Boe-ing, Lockheed Martin, and United Technologies have paid nearly $3 bil-lion in fines or related settlements for fraud or misconduct. That is $3 billion in payments to the government for fraud or misconduct. Yet those three companies alone received about $800 billion in defense contracts over the past 18 years. Does anybody care that the major de-fense contractors in this country, time after time after time, are found guilty of fraud and various types of mis-conduct? One of the amendments I have filed would simply require the Pentagon to establish a website on defense con-tractor fraud with a list of companies convicted of defrauding the Federal Government. I don’t think that is a radical idea. The American people might want to know what companies have been found guilty of defrauding the Federal Government. Further, I find it interesting that the very same defense contractors that have been found guilty or reached set-tlements for fraud are also paying their CEOs and their executives excessive and obscene compensation packages. Last year, the CEOs of Lockheed Mar-tin and Raytheon, two of the top four U.S. defense contractors, were each paid over $20 million in total com-pensation. Moreover, more than 90 per-cent of the revenue of those companies came from defense spending. In other words, we have a situation where com-panies that get almost all of their rev-enue from defense contracting are pay-ing their CEOs 100 times more than the Secretary of Defense gets, whose salary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.008 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3966 June 18, 2018 
is capped at $205,000 a year. That, to me, makes no sense at all. That is why I have filed an amendment to prohibit defense contractor CEOs from making more money than the Secretary of De-fense. Moreover, as the GAO has told us, there are massive cost overruns in the Defense Department’s acquisition budget that must be addressed. Accord-ing to the GAO, the Pentagon’s $1.66 trillion acquisition portfolio currently suffers from more than $537 billion in cost overruns, with much of the cost growth taking place after production. In other words, defense contractors say: We are going to build a weapons system for x amount of dollars, and then they simply change their mind and ask for a lot more. That is not the way you protect the taxpayers’ dollars or the way you run a government. In my view, that has to change. A major reason why there is so much waste, fraud, and abuse at the Pen-tagon is the fact that the Defense De-partment remains the only Federal agency in America that has not been able to pass an independent audit 28 years after Congress required it to do so. Very interestingly, on September 10, 2001, 1 day before 9/11, former Sec-retary of Defense for George Bush, Donald Rumsfeld, said: 
Our financial systems are decades old. Ac-cording to some estimates, we cannot track $2.3 trillion in transactions. We cannot share information from floor to floor in the build-ing because it’s stored on dozens of techno-logical systems that are inaccessible or in-compatible. 
Yet 17 years after Secretary of De-fense Rumsfeld’s statements, DOD still has not passed a clean audit, despite the fact that the Pentagon controls as-sets in excess of $2.2 trillion, or rough-ly 70 percent of what the entire Federal Government owns. The Commission on Wartime Con-tracting in Iraq and Afghanistan con-cluded in 2001 that $31 billion to $60 bil-lion spent in Iraq and Afghanistan had been lost to fraud and waste. Children in America go hungry. Veterans sleep out on the street. Elderly people can’t make it on $12,000 a year of Social Se-curity, but, apparently, there is not a lot of concern that $31 billion to $60 bil-lion spent in Iraq and Afghanistan have been lost to fraud and waste. Separately, in 2015 the Special In-spector General for Afghanistan Recon-struction reported that the Pentagon could not account for $45 billion in funding for reconstruction projects. More recently, an audit conducted by Ernst & Young for the Defense Logis-tics Agency found that it could not properly account for some $800 million in construction projects. It is time to hold the Defense Department to the same level of accountability as the rest of the government. I would also like to spend a minute talking about an amendment that makes a great deal of sense to me. In this bill, we are spending $716 billion in defense spending in order to protect the American people. This bill does that through the production of planes, bombs, guns, missiles, tanks, nuclear weapons, submarines, and other weap-ons of destruction. It is being funded in this bill. The amendment I am proposing would reduce the Defense Department by one-tenth of 1 percent. It would use that money to make us safer by reach-ing out to people throughout the world in ways that bring us together through educational and cultural exchange pro-grams. At the end of the day, we are a safer country and a safer planet when we do our best to rid the ignorance and hatred that exists all over the world. One way you do that is by finding and discovering that we have a common hu-manity. When children from other countries come into our classrooms and our kids sit in the classrooms of other countries, it turns out that we have a lot more in common than we have in opposition. We can reduce ha-tred and bigotry in that way. Dialogue cannot only take place between foreign ministers or diplomats at the United Nations. It should be taking place be-tween people throughout the world at the grassroots level. On a separate note, let me mention that since March 2015, the U.S. Armed Forces have been involved in hos-tilities between a Saudi-led coalition and the Houthis in Yemen. I believe that the time is long overdue for us to put an end to that unconstitutional and unauthorized participation in this war. The truth about Yemen is that U.S. forces have been actively engaged in support of the Saudi coalition in this war, providing intelligence and aerial refueling of planes whose bombs have killed thousands of people and made the humanitarian crisis there even worse. Even now, as I speak, there are re-ports of an attack on the Yemeni port city of Hodeidah by the Saudi-led coa-lition. Hodeidah is a key entry point for humanitarian aid into Yemen. The U.N. humanitarian coordinator in the country, Lisa Grande, said last week: 
A military attack or siege on Hodeidah will impact hundreds of thousands of inno-cent civilians. . . . In a prolonged worst case, we fear that as many as 250,000 people may lose everything—even their lives. 
The Trump administration has tried to justify our involvement in the Yemen war as necessary to push back on Iran. You will all recall that an-other administration told us that in-vading Iraq was necessary to confront al-Qaida, and another administration way back told us that the Vietnam war was necessary to contain communism. It turned out that in every instance, none of that was true. We should have asked tougher ques-tions then. We should be asking tough-er questions now, and we should be taking our constitutional role more se-riously. The issue of going to war is not a Presidential prerogative. It is the pre-rogative of the U.S. Congress. We have now been in Afghanistan for nearly 17 years and in Iraq for 15 years. Our troops are now in Syria under what I believe are questionable authorities, and the administration has indicated that it may broaden that mission even more. The time is now for Congress to re-assert its constitutional role in deter-mining when and where our country goes to war. That is why I have filed a bipartisan amendment, along with Sen-ators LEE, MURPHY , WARREN , and sev-eral others, that would put an end to the U.S. refueling of Saudi-led coali-tion planes. This amendment will send a strong message that the United States will no longer participate in this humanitarian catastrophe. Directly related to the conflict in Yemen is the issue of Iran. The Trump administration has repeatedly justified its support for the Saudi-Emirati war in terms of pushing back on Iran’s ac-tivities. The Trump administration has sig-naled in many ways that it intends to confront Iran. If anyone has any doubt, I remind them that President Trump’s new National Security Advisor, John Bolton, wrote an article a few years ago that was entitled ‘‘To Stop Iran’s Bomb, Bomb Iran.’’ I have very serious concerns that this administration could lead the United States into an-other major war in the Middle East, which is the last thing that the Amer-ican people want. Let me conclude by saying this. I think everybody in the Congress be-lieves and understands that we need a strong defense, but we do not need a defense budget that is bloated, that is wasteful, and that has in it many areas of fraud. I would hope that all of my colleagues remember what a former Republican President, Dwight David Eisenhower, said as he left office in 1961. This is what President Eisen-hower said as he was leaving office: 
In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex. The poten-tial for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist. 
In an earlier speech, Eisenhower, a four-star general who led American forces in World War II—not exactly a pacifist—said: 
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. . . . This is not a way of life at all, in any true sense. Under the cloud of threatening war, it is humanity hanging from a cross of iron. 
I would ask all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to remem-ber what President Eisenhower said. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amend-ments be considered and agreed to en bloc: Sanders amendment No. 2905, re-garding the DOD audit; amendment No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.009 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3967 June 18, 2018 
2657, regarding a citizen exchange pro-gram; amendment No. 2660, regarding Saudi refueling; and amendment No. 2506, regarding defense-contractor com-pensation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, re-serving the right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Let me just mention that we have a list of about 40 amend-ments that have gone through the process and have been cleared on both sides. These four were not among those. I am still holding out hope to be able to get not just those but also a man-agers’ amendment. However, that had to be something that has gone through the process, and these have not. So I do respectfully object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. SANDERS. Thank you. Madam President, I raise a point of order that the pending measure vio-lates section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to waive the point of order is considered made. Mr. SANDERS. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote on the motion to waive the budget act with respect to the Sanders’ point of order occur at 5:30 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, as President pro tempore of the U.S. Sen-ate and as the senior Senator from the great State of Utah, I wish to speak today about the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I join my colleagues in congratu-lating my good friend Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN on the soon-to-be-successful passage of the 58th straight Defense bill. I would also like to offer my sin-cere appreciation for Senators I
NHOFE  and R
EEDand their staffs, along with Senator M
CCAIN’s staff, who gracefully navigated the committee and the floor processes. This is a monumental bill that will truly modernize our Armed Forces. I have long appreciated the bipar-tisan nature of each year’s NDAA. Some would say that this process could be seen as a microcosm of how things should work here in Congress—putting the good of the country ahead of poli-tics. It is certainly how I have sought to do things here during my Senate service. I also appreciated the efforts from most Members of this body to get to yes on such an important proposal. The yearly Defense bill is not some-thing we do out of tradition or habit; we do it out of necessity. Yes, it is a constitutional requirement, but per-haps more importantly, it is an honor to give our men and women in uniform the tools they need to keep America safe. The policies and authorizations we have debated on the floor over the last week represent people. They rep-resent soldiers, sailors, marines, air-men, and the civilian workforce, all of whom are family, friends, neighbors, and fellow citizens. Since first coming to the Senate in 1977, I have witnessed the use of mili-tary force for good across the globe. I was personally involved in helping use our military tools to counter Soviet expansionism in Central Asia. It was around that time that I helped estab-lish the National Endowment for De-mocracy—an initiative in which Sen-ator MCCAINwas intimately involved. The National Endowment for Democ-racy embodies our commitment to pro-moting the virtues of freedom and lib-erty across the globe. Anyone who knows me knows that I like to see the good in people, but even with my optimism, one unfortunate truth exists: There are people and groups in this world who seek to do harm to the United States, and our men and women in uniform face these threats every day. I am eternally grateful for the sacrifice and dedica-tion of our servicemembers. I am grate-ful for their strength, their intel-ligence, and their commitment to pre-serving the values we hold dear. As we see today with the heinous vio-lations of human rights around the world, freedom, prosperity, and secu-rity are under constant threat. The abusive actions of the Governments of Iran and North Korea are just two ex-amples among many. Given the constant threats our coun-try and our allies face, we must always work to maintain a strategic advan-tage over our adversaries. We must be able to win wars without fighting them, and if we need to fight, we need to begin wars having already won them. How do we do this? By investing in our military and the civilians who support them, giving them more of what they need, not less; by modern-izing our weapons systems; by taking care of our bases and facilities; and by never losing sight that people come first and that our obligation to them extends beyond their service to the Na-tion. That is what we have accom-plished with this year’s NDAA, which covers an unprecedented $716 billion in support of the Department of Defense and the national security program of the Department of Energy. With this historic bill, members of our Armed Forces will enjoy a 2.6-per-cent pay increase. With this legisla-tion, we also increase personnel for all branches of the military. This bill represents a significant step forward in the modernization of our Armed Forces. The future fighting force of high-tech warfare is quickly becoming a reality. But we cannot rest on our laurels. Just as our adversaries modernize their forces, we have to do the same. I think we can all agree that maintaining our strategic advantage against now near-peer adversaries must always be our objective. So how do we prepare our future fighting force? We continue to mod-ernize through recapitalization efforts, such as the F–35, KC–46, and the future ground-based strategic deterrent. We have to maintain our competitive edge. We must also focus on attracting tal-ent and shoring up the supply chain. In serving Utah, I have been honored to represent the hard-working men and women of our major military installa-tions—Hill Air Force Base, Dugway Proving Ground, Tooele Army Depot, Camp Williams, and the Utah Test and Training Range, which cannot be dupli-cated. Contained within this bill are necessary increases to keep those in-stallations manned and operational. Utah is a wonderful place that provides extensive support to the warfighter through advance manufacturing, train-ing, and operational capabilities. I have faithfully worked on behalf of the people of Utah and the people of this great country for the last 42 years. As a symbol of my respect for the men and women in uniform, I wish to ex-press my sincere reverence and grati-tude for all who have given the ulti-mate sacrifice in serving our country, including the over 330 Utahns who have died while on Active Duty service since 1976. I likewise wish to honor their families, whose sacrifices are just as great. That we were able to accomplish so much with this Defense bill is credit to the leadership of Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN—and others but certainly Sen-ator M
CCAIN—who has been a key part of this legislation over the course of his Senate service. Senator M
CCAINis so much more than the chairman of the Armed Services Committee; he is an American hero who represents the best this Nation has to offer. I know I speak for all of my colleagues in thanking him for his service and sacrifice. With that, I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I rise to highlight a number of impor-tant issues related to this year’s de-fense authorization act. Let me begin with a few words about the chairman of the Armed Services Committee. It is fitting that the bill is named after the senior Senator from Arizona, as the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. His imprint is clear and direct, all through-out this bill. The bill makes clear America’s strong commitment to our allies—from Europe to Asia. It also demonstrates our clear commitment to defend those allies from our enemies whenever and wherever the need arises. Those are principles held by every Member of this Senate. But there are few who can defend those principles more vigorous to friend or foe than the senior Senator from Arizona. As he noted in a speech last fall, ‘‘The inter-national order we helped build from the ashes of world war, and that we defend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.011 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3968 June 18, 2018 
to this day, has liberated more people from tyranny and poverty than ever before in history. This wondrous land has shared its treasures and ideals and shed the blood of its finest patriots to help make another, better world. And as we did so, we made our own civiliza-tion more just, freer, more accom-plished and prosperous. . . .’’ Even though he cannot be here, he is here with us, and we are there with him. I would also like to thank the ranking member and the senior Sen-ator from Oklahoma for their work to protect our national defense and pro-vide for our servicemembers. One area that I wish to highlight— and the defense authorization high-lights this year—is the U.S. investment in maintaining our technological edge. We recently held a classified hearing in the Defense Appropriations Sub-committee on this subject. The short of it is that America cannot take its ad-vantages for granted. It is not clear to me that the Federal Government has its head in the game. In the 1960s, Federal investment in R&D reached as high as 2.23 percent of GDP. In 2016, that had plummeted to 0.77 percent. In 1995, the U.S. ranked fourth globally for R&D expenditures as a share of GDP. By 2015, it ranked tenth. Recent history is no better. Last year, the President proposed a 17-per-cent cut to Federal R&D, a greater an-nual cut than any in the postwar era, including a 5 percent cut to defense R&D. I appreciate how strongly this year’s defense authorization highlights the importance of this issue, including in-creased emphasis on high priority emerging technologies like hypersonics, artificial intelligence, space, and cyber. Chairman S
HELBY and I will do our part as appropriators to maintain a strong emphasis on innova-tion and technology, and I appreciate hearing a similarly clear message from the Armed Services Committee. One area I am concerned about is the state of our defense personnel. Last year, Congress approved a 2.4-percent increase in pay for our military per-sonnel and our Defense civilians. This year’s budget requests a 2.6 percent in-crease, but only for our military per-sonnel. Our men and women in uniform de-serve this pay raise, and I am glad that this increase will continue to ensure that America maintains the best all- volunteer military in the world, but de-nying three-quarters of a million De-fense civilian employees a similar pay raise makes no sense. Oddly enough, the Pentagon recently issued a Defense Business Operations Plan in April, which highlighted the importance of these civilian employ-ees. It argues, ‘‘Recruiting, developing, and retaining a high-quality military and civilian workforce is essential for warfighting success.’’ The report also notes that the Pentagon plans to in-crease defense civilians in the next sev-eral years. If we have any hope of recruiting, sustaining, and growing our Defense workforce, we have to be willing to provide appropriate compensation. Congress must act this year to ensure that the Department remains competi-tive in this area. I am also concerned about the provi-sions in the bill related to nuclear weapons. During markup, the Armed Services Committee adopted an amend-ment on party lines an amendment to remove Congress’s right to have a say in the creation of new nuclear weapons. Under current law, the President must come to Congress for permission in order to create a new nuclear weap-on. It was a compromise brokered more than 10 years ago by the senior Senator from Rhode Island and the then-senior Senator from Virginia, John Warner. It was a very good provision. Nuclear weapons are unlike any other weapon in the US arsenal, with the power to literally end life on Earth. They are unique and deserve extraordinary scru-tiny. It is shocking that Congress would cede its oversight responsibility in this critical area. I support the amendment by the ranking member to reverse this foolish provision, and I hope that we can address the issue in conference. We were unable to address several of these issues during floor consideration of the defense authorization bill. I hope that the conferees will address them during the next phase of the bill. In the meantime, I reiterate my thanks to Chairman MCCAIN, Ranking Member R
EED, and Senator I NHOFE for their work on this bill. Madam President. I am disappointed an amendment authored by Senator I
NHOFE waiving the Immigration and Nationality Act’s terrorism bars is in-cluded in the National Defense Author-ization Act. This amendment would create a special immigration carveout for two groups from the African coun-try of Rwanda that committed serious war crimes. Under our immigration laws, any for-eigner who is a member of a terrorist organization or provides material sup-port to a terrorist organization cannot be admitted to our country. The Inhofe amendment would give the Trump ad-ministration the unreviewable author-ity to waive these terrorism bars for two Rwandan groups—the Rwandan Pa-triotic Front, RPF, and the Rwandan Patriotic Army, RPA—for activities prior to August 1994, a period when these groups reportedly engaged in crimes against humanity. This is the precise time when mem-bers of the Hutu tribe, which makes up the majority of the population in Rwanda, were perpetrating a horrific genocide against the Tutsis, the second largest group in Rwanda. What is not as well known is that Tutsi armed groups—the RPF and the RPA—also committed gross human rights viola-tions during this period. Listen to what Human Rights Watch says: ‘‘In their drive for military victory and a halt to the genocide, the RPF killed thou-sands, including noncombatants as well as government troops and members of militia. As RPF soldiers sought to es-tablish their control over the local pop-ulation, they also killed civilians in numerous summary executions and in massacres. They may have slaughtered tens of thousands during the four months of combat from April to July [1994].’’ Providing a blanket immigration waiver to two groups whose members committed these atrocities is a serious concern. If this provision becomes law, individuals responsible for war crimes and other human rights violations could find safe haven in our country. To be clear, these immigration provi-sions, known as the terrorism-related inadmissibility grounds or TRIG bars, are too sweeping and can prevent inno-cent people from coming to our coun-try. The TRIG bars are so broadly drafted that they apply not just to groups who have clearly engaged in se-rious human rights violations, like the RPF and RPA, but also innocent people who may have provided a meal or a few dollars to a member of a foreign rebel group, even a group supported by the United States. In 2007, I held a hearing on the TRIG bars that featured testimony from a nurse from Colombia who was kid-napped by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia—also known as FARC—and forced at gunpoint to pro-vide medical care to FARC guerrillas. She escaped and fled to the United States in fear for her life. However, she was denied asylum in our country be-cause, under the TRIG bars, she was considered to have provided material support to terrorists. In response to absurd cases like this one, Congress passed bipartisan legisla-tion granting the executive branch au-thority to exempt deserving groups or individuals from the TRIG bars. In 2014, the Obama administration used this authority to issue exemptions to the TRIG bars for insignificant support that was not intended to support ter-rorist activities. These exemptions were designed to protect refugees who innocently interacted with a member of an armed rebel group. For example, a refugee who gave a bowl of rice or cigarette to a member of the Free Syr-ian Army or paid an opposition group to ensure safe passage out of Syria could be exempted from the TRIG bars. If individuals associated with the RPF or RPA have been unjustly swept up in the TRIG bars, they should be eli-gible for the existing exemptions. Un-fortunately, the Trump administration has signaled it plans to rescind these waivers. Rather than creating a blan-ket statutory waiver that could benefit individuals that have committed seri-ous human rights violations, as the Inhofe amendment would do, Congress should come together on a bipartisan basis to oppose the Trump administra-tion’s efforts to undo the existing ex-emptions that protect innocent refu-gees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:18 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.010 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3969 June 18, 2018 
It is also troubling that Congress could provide this kind of special im-migration benefit to war criminals at a time when the Trump administration is deporting immigrants who have lived in this country for years and have com-mitted no crimes. For all of these reasons, I urge my colleagues on the Senate and House Armed Services Committees to remove this problematic provision from the final conference report. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, today the Senate will approve its version of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. It is right and fit-ting to name this bill after the chair-man of the Senate Armed Services Committee, who has for years been a stalwart advocate for our military and our national defense. Unlike the defense authorization bills of recent years, this bill is stream-lined and straightforward. It is focused on improving strategic Department of Defense thinking and aligning re-sources to meet that strategy. It also conforms to the bipartisan budget agreement reached earlier this year. I am pleased that this bill renews a commitment to securing America’s leading edge of technological innova-tion. This is great news for States large and small, including Vermont. The bill includes provisions to improve the long-term strategic development and purchasing of microelectronics for the defense industry. It includes a par-tial solution to the delays of Federal recognition for members of the Guard receiving their State commissions. It fixes the TRICARE dental plan man-agement and options that have frus-trated Vermonters. It includes numer-ous provisions to support small busi-nesses in the industrial base, including to improve cyber security. Building on last year’s language, the bill adds to the accounting of usage of the long- chain molecules that have been found to have dangerous health effects, par-ticularly its use in Air Force fire-fighting foam. These are all appro-priate issues to be dealt with through the defense authorization bill. Like any product of compromise, however, this bill is not perfect. I am frustrated that, despite a bipartisan majority of Senators voting in support of further debating the bill’s treatment of low-yield nuclear weapons, we are advancing to a vote on final passage without that debate. Low-yield nuclear weapons are dangerous and add nothing to our nuclear deterrence. Any admin-istration should at least have to spe-cifically ask to build them. Similarly, a bipartisan majority of Senators rejected the tabling of an amendment to prohibit the indefinite detention of American citizens; yet the bill includes no such provision. The un-derlying bill also continues the mis-take of the Guantanamo Bay detention mission. On balance, the final bill on which the Senate votes today is truly bipar-tisan. I will support this National De-fense Authorization Act. (At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Madam President, I wish to speak about the importance of and my strong support for the final passage of the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act, NDAA, and the reason for my absence. As we all know, the NDAA addresses many issues including the moderniza-tion of major weapons systems, secu-rity assistance to our allies, and sig-nificant changes to personnel policy. Our Nation’s military relies on Con-gress to fulfill our obligation with the timely passage of this legislation. I am proud to support our men and women in uniform yet again in the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019, legisla-tion appropriately named for our dear friend and colleague Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN. I deeply regret the need for my ab-sence today. While my record reflects the rare nature in which I miss a vote, I did not come to this decision lightly. An unfortunate incident at the Fay-etteville VA Medical Center in Fay-etteville, AR, required my presence and advocacy on behalf of our Nation’s vet-erans. While untimely, I strongly be-lieve it is my congressional duty to en-sure that our government fulfills its promise to the men and women who have worn the cloth of our Nation. Such a requirement demanded my im-mediate attention today in Arkansas. I would like to thank Senators I
NHOFE , R
EED, and M CCAIN, along with their staffs, for all their hard work and sup-port.∑ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Mr. KING. Madam President, I rise in advance of the discussion that will be taking place in a very few minutes on the National Defense Authorization Act. I want to compliment and ac-knowledge the leadership of Senator R
EED of Rhode Island and Senator I
NHOFE and, of course, Senator M CCAIN, for whom this bill is named. They have provided amazing leadership, as the Presiding Officer knows from her mem-bership on the committee, by bringing this bill to the floor. I look forward to supporting it later this afternoon. 
FAMILY SEPARATION POLICY  
Madam President, I do want to take a few moments to discuss a different subject, which is what is going on at our southern border. Secure borders and limits on immi-gration are necessary and justified in any country, and that is why there were major border security provisions in the comprehensive immigration re-form act that passed this body by two- thirds—67 votes—in 2013. If that bill had even been taken up in the House, I believe it would have passed, it would have been signed, and a lot of the prob-lems we are having today around the issue of immigration would already be solved. I believe in border security. I believe in necessary limits. This is a difficult issue—I understand that. It is difficult in part because of the proximity of our country to some of the most violent countries in the world, with the high-est murder rates, countries from which people are literally fleeing for their lives. But difficult issues are amenable to humane and decent solutions—solu-tions that take into account our val-ues, that take into account the under-lying principles upon which this coun-try is based. And this is one that could be resolved without this drastic policy of separating children from their par-ents. I was asked on the way in whether we will do legislation to solve this prob-lem. This problem could be resolved by a phone call from the President of the United States to the Attorney General. This is not the law; this is a policy of enforcement which was adopted by this administration in April, implemented in May, and which has brought us to the place where 2,000 children have been forcibly separated from their par-ents. There are just a few points I want to make. No. 1—and I think this is important; this is lost in the discussion—asylum seekers are not illegal immigrants. They are coming to this country under the law. They are allowed to come to the country and then prove their case, and they should have an opportunity to prove their case. They are not illegal immigrants. They are being lumped in with illegal immigrants. These are al-most entirely people who are seeking asylum here because they are fleeing violence in their own country. This country was based on asylum seekers. The Pilgrims were asylum seekers. The Catholics who came to Maryland were asylum seekers. The Irish who came here as a result of a famine were asylum seekers. The Jews who came here in the thirties and for-ties, during the period of the Holo-caust, were asylum seekers. I should say that one of the darkest periods of this country’s history was the turning away of the USS St. Louis in the late thirties, where a third of its population of Jewish people went back to Europe and died in the Holocaust. This country is based upon some basic principles, some of which are stated very unequivocally on the base of the Statue of Liberty: 
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost, to me. I lift my lamp beside the golden door! 
That has been the promise of Amer-ica from the very beginning. We are not a country like most other coun-tries in the world—based upon one race, one ethnicity, one population that has lived in the same place for 1,000 years, one language. In fact, our secret is the people who have come here from other places, with their ideas and their energy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.007 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3970 June 18, 2018 
I sit in the U.S. Senate seat following four of my illustrious predecessors, all of whom are children of immigrants, every single one: Edmund Muskie, the son of an immigrant polish tailor, one of the great Senators of the 21st cen-tury; George Mitchell, majority leader, the son of immigrants; and Olympia Snowe, the daughter of a Greek immi-grant. This is who we are as a country, and we are talking about arresting peo-ple and locking up their children in cages. I have heard various justifications for this: We are just following the law. No, the law does not require sepa-rating children from their parents. This is a policy that was adopted by this administration in April and imple-mented in May. This is not required by the law. This is a policy decision, and it can be rescinded by a phone call from the President. It can be solved this afternoon by a phone call from the President. Crossing the border illegally is a mis-demeanor. So is jaywalking. Are we going to have a policy that says we are going to separate children from their parents because of jaywalking? It doesn’t have to be this way. Children and their parents can be kept together while we go through the legal process of determining whether their asylum claim is valid. That is a process that we have, and, yes, it takes too long. That is on us because we haven’t adequately funded the judicial system to have enough judges to hear those claims. The next justification I have heard is that it is a deterrent, that it will be a deterrent. It is only a deterrent if the people who are coming from these countries— by the way, very few of them are com-ing from Mexico. They are coming from Central American countries, some of which, as I have mentioned, have the highest murder rates in the world. And we are going to say: Well, we are going to rip your children away. That word will get back, and then you will not come. We could do a lot worse. Can you jus-tify anything as a deterrent? Can you justify any inhumane treatment? We will torture you if you come across the border—that would be a deterrent, but that doesn’t make it right. The next one that I heard is that it is a bargaining chip for negotiations. We will bring the Democrats to the table, and that is when we will talk about im-migration. But we are not going to change this policy until then because it is a bargaining chip. We do not take children hostage in legislative negotiations, and that is what this is. Let’s call it what it is. It is literally taking children hostage to be a bargaining chip in a legislative ne-gotiation on the broad panoply of issues involved in immigration. That is wrong. It is a basic principle of every-thing we hold dear that we don’t nego-tiate with hostage-takers. Yet that has been explicitly stated as a motivation for this policy. The final justification I heard, and frankly the reason I am here today be-cause it just tore it for me, is the Bible; that somehow this is justified by the Christian Bible, by Romans 13, which says you should obey the law. Yes, that is what it says, but it also says the law should be based upon love. I would add that very provision, Ro-mans 13, was used 150 years ago to jus-tify slavery. Would that provision apply in Germany in 1938, where the law was exclusively directed at pun-ishing the Jewish people? It was legal under the German law. Would that pro-vision say this is OK; we don’t have to object to it because it is part of what is in the Bible? No; of course, not. To say that this is somehow justified by Scripture is just ignoring the whole message of the Bible and certainly the message of the New Testament. For me, as a Christian, it all comes down to Matthew 25. The King said: 
Come, you who are blessed . . . take your inheritance. . . . For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me. 
Then, the righteous said: 
Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? 
They went through the whole list and said: We never did any of those things. And Jesus said: 
Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire. . . . For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink. . . . Whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, my brothers, you did not do for me. 
I was a stranger, and you took me in. That is what the Gospel talks about. That is what we are talking about here, is talking about strangers and trying to take them in. Of course, it goes without saying that Jesus and Mary escaped from the Promised Land because of the threat of violence from King Herod into Egypt. What if Egypt had said: No, we are not going to take you in. We will send you back to Herod. That is the law. Herod’s law is the law; we are going to send you back. They were asylum seekers, and Egypt took them in, and our Lord and Savior was born. So don’t come to me and tell me this is somehow justified by Scripture; it just isn’t, under any stretch of the imagination, and it can be remedied by a phone call. We don’t have to negotiate a com-plicated bill here. We don’t have to work on something for 3 weeks. A phone call this afternoon from the President of the United States to the Attorney General can end this obscene practice. Then we can talk about asy-lum seekers and what the rules should be and what the standards should be and how long the policy should be and how many judges we need and how long you should be able to wait until you get your case adjudicated and all of the other complicated issues involved in immigration, but we should not be talking about it in the context of chil-dren being held hostage. So I hope the President will make that phone call, solve this problem this afternoon, and then we can get about solving some of the larger problems that he and I and everyone else in this body are concerned about, but let’s not do it with children in cages anywhere in America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. MORAN ). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. REED. Mr. President, as we ap-proach the vote on final passage of the fiscal year 2019 national defense au-thorization bill, I would like to make a few closing remarks. At the completion of floor debate on the NDAA last year, I remarked in my closing statement that I was dis-appointed in the lack of cooperation in the Senate. Senator M
CCAINand I both hoped that last year we would be able to return to regular order, but in the end, we were disappointed. Unfortunately, this year, I and I know many of my colleagues are frus-trated in the inability to bring up, de-bate, and vote on worthy amendments. For comparison, during consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994, there were 16 rollcall votes on amendments. In 1995, during consideration of the fiscal year 1996 NDAA, there were 20 rollcall votes and amendments. In the following year, the fiscal year 1997 NDAA, there were 19 rollcall votes and amendments. On this bill, there was a single up-or- down vote on an amendment. I was one of the few Senators who was able to debate an amendment. It was on the congressional oversight of nuclear weapons, which I believe is one of the most important and seminal issues not only of this bill but of our defense policy today, but the only vote I was able to have on this critical issue was a motion to table. Despite the deep differences among us, it is my hope that this Chamber can return to the collegial ways of the past—and I think that is a belief and a hope shared by my colleague Senator I
NHOFE from Oklahoma—and that we can hold an open amendment process that guarantees every Senator a right to a full and wholesome debate on amendments and those issues that matter most to those Senators. There are critical issues that pertain to our national security and the welfare of our servicemembers, and they must be addressed through bipartisan dialogue and compromise. It is my hope that moving forward we can return this Chamber to regular order and hold an open amendment process. Despite my frustrations with this process, I am pleased with the overall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.013 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3971 June 18, 2018 
result of this bill. We successfully in-corporated 46 amendments from both Republicans and Democrats into the bill. These amendments further strengthen the bill and provide addi-tional resources to the Department of Defense which allows them to carry out their important mission. Looking ahead, the budget agree-ment that covered the fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019 NDAAs will expire next year, meaning a return to seques-tration and budget caps, unless a new agreement is reached. At this time when our military is facing readiness shortfalls and numerous global threats, we cannot afford a budgetary retrench-ment. We must continue to work to-gether to address these issues, and I am confident and hopeful we will find a way forward. I would like to particularly thank Senator I
NHOFE for his leadership throughout the committee markup and throughout this floor process. He has ably shepherded this bill and provided invaluable leadership by emphasizing a return to regular order, the same note I am sounding today. The achievement of this bill would not have been pos-sible without him, and I thank him. I would also like to thank my staff and the staff of the ranking member for their terrific work. They worked tirelessly. They made a commitment both of time and intellectual energy that was extraordinary. The majority staff, and Senator I
NHOFE ’s staff in par-ticular, was diligent, bipartisan, thoughtful, and cooperative. They were everything you could ask for collegial activity in the Senate. Of course, I would like to thank my staff for their invaluable expertise and dedication to creating the best bill pos-sible. I would like to specifically thank Jody Bennett, Carolyn Chuhta, Jon Clark, Jonathan Epstein, Jorie Feld-man, Jon Green, Creighton Greene, Ozge Guzelsu, Gary Leeling, Kirk McConnell, Maggie McNamara, Bill Monahan, Mike Noblet, John Quirk, Arun Seraphin, and Elizabeth King— and also wish her a happy birthday. I would like to thank the floor staff. They have been exceptionally helpful to us. I thank them all on both sides for their insights and for their calm-ness in the face of difficulties and ten-sions. Without them, nothing would be possible. Finally, I would like to particularly recognize Chairman J
OHN MCCAIN, after whom this bill is so aptly named. Senator M
CCAINhas provided this com-mittee with leadership during difficult times and served as a moral compass when considering challenging issues. He has been a bulwark for the defense of our country and the men and women of the military, and I know he is proud of the passage of this bill. J
OHN MCCAINis probably the most demanding person I have ever met, but the key to his greatness is, he demands more of himself than anyone else, and he gives more of himself than anyone else. That has made him not only one of our great Senators, not of this mo-ment but of our history, but one of our great American heroes. He is an ex-traordinary gentleman, and today this legislation bearing his name rep-resents, once again, his extraordinary contributions to the Nation. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first of all, let me just agree with the com-ments that were made by Senator REED. He has been great to work with. I am glad he mentioned all the help of his staff. People don’t realize how, on a bill this size—this is the largest bill we will consider probably this year—how much staff is involved. It is both Re-publican and Democratic staff. It is one of the few things we do around here that really isn’t partisan. I think the Senator from Rhode Island and I were only apart from each other on maybe 10 or 11 amendments. By the way, on amendments, I do want to comment how many amendments we took care of during the committee hearing. So we have had a lot of activity on the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for 2019. Throughout the last 2 weeks, we have debated this legislation on the Senate floor in an open process. We have said over and over, we want to have open amendments, and we want to have peo-ple bring amendments down. We have a system that is probably not going to be changed, but there is going to be some activity this next year by several of us, if we are going to be involved in next year’s authorization bill for the year 2020, to see if we can’t address a major problem; that is, we have allowed a system to take place where 1 person can stop 99 people from having an amendment. That is wrong. In January, President Trump and Secretary Mattis announced the new national defense strategy that right-fully identified that we are returning to a world of great power and competi-tion when dominated by the capabili-ties relative to China and Russia. We talked about that, the power they have. We have talked about an article that was written just recently that said that if we got into a fight of Rus-sia versus NATO, most likely NATO would lose to Russia. We have watched China in the South China Sea putting together islands where it is almost as if they are preparing for World War III. I was there in the South China Sea, and our people made it very clear—and I am talking about allies of ours—that they are not sure which would win. We have China out there illegally building islands and putting us in a position where we don’t really know what their intentions are. All we know is, every-thing on those islands—we are talking about over 3,000 now—that they are put in a position where they are preparing for a world war. It is not like it used to be. Now we are in a situation where a country can have a rocket that can hit an American city. So times have changed. We need to be prepared to respond to threats of terrorism from rogue states, like Iran and North Korea. The National Defense Strategy is clear. We need to make strategic investments now in the areas where we are falling behind—and we are behind. Since the release of the National De-fense Strategy, I have traveled to visit our allies in both Eastern Europe and Asia. They all understand the threat of growing aggression from China and Russia. I have spoken with our com-manders in the field, our military lead-ers, and our troops in the mess halls in Afghanistan and all around the world. Perhaps most importantly, you can really get more from them than you can from a hearing here in Washington. The Senate Armed Services Com-mittee was tasked with implementing the national defense strategy. The re-sult is the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. We made tough choices about where and how to invest our resources, but I am pleased with the work we have done to restore America as the leader of the free world. We are making the needed invest-ments in training, maintenance, and modernization. Any time you are starving the military, those are the three areas you see first—maintenance and modernization and, of course, that also means training. We are in the process of doing this, and that is what this bill is all about. We are changing this. We have addressed that by catch-ing up where we were falling behind— artillery, hypersonics, the nuclear triad. Most people in the real world assume that America has the best system of anybody else. Their systems—plural— are better. Artillery, for example, is measured by rapid fire and range. In terms of rapid fire and range, both Russia and China are better than we are. Hypersonics is a new system, a weapon five times the speed of sound. It is still under development. We are working on it. However, we are behind both China and Russia. They are ahead of us in this training. In the nuclear triad, we haven’t done anything in the last 10 years, while both China and Russia are actually ahead of us. It is not like it used to be, where we did have the very best of everything. So we are standing up to China by strengthening our position across the Pacific region. This bill provides sup-port to our allies who stand up against China’s military and economic coer-cion and procures deployable airbase systems to enhance credible combat power. The NDAA also calls out China for il-legally creating fortified islands in the South China Sea for military purposes. That is what they are for. Nothing is on there, except preparing for some military activity. The NDAA modern-izes the Committee on Foreign Invest-ment to address national security con-cerns and to stop China from trying to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.015 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3972 June 18, 2018 
steal sensitive technology from the United States companies. The NDAA counters Russia’s growing aggression and influence across East-ern Europe by directing a study on per-manently stationing U.S. forces in Po-land and conducting a study on Rus-sia’s maligned influence around the world. It continues limitations on U.S.- Russia military cooperation, provides defensive lethal aid to Ukraine, and al-lows the U.S. Cyber Command to re-spond to Russia’s continued cyber at-tacks. It keeps faith with our troops by pro-viding a 2.6-percent military pay raise, the highest in nearly 10 years, modern-izing the officer personnel system, and supporting our troops and military families. There is no doubt in my mind that this bill will make American families safer and will stand up for our demo-cratic values around the world. I thank my partner in this, the Democratic leader of the committee. He talked about the staff that we have been working with and complimented them—J
OHNMCCAIN’s committee staff: Chris Brose, Samantha Clark, Rachel Hoff, Mark Montgomery, Erik Swabb, James Hickey, Diem Salmon, Greg Lilly, Adam Barker, Augusta Binns- Berkey, Lauren Davis, Allen Edwards, Jackie Kerber, Matt Lampert, Allison Lazarus, John Lehman, Daniel Lerner, Sean O’Keefe, Brad Patout, Jason Pot-ter, Will Quinn, Dustin Walker, Gwyneth Woolwine, Leah Brewer, Ga-briel Noronha, Nick Hatcher, Katie Magnus, Lindsay Markle, Cara Mumford, Madison Sparber, and Arthur Tellis; from our staff: Luke Holland, Tony Pankuch, Leacy Burke, Adrienne Jackson, Chris Ryan, and Laurie Fitch; and the floor staff: Laura Dove, Robert Duncan, Chris Tuck, Tony Hanagan, Chloe Barz, Mike Smith, and Katherine Kilroy. They have actually worked long, long hours. On a bill like this, they are out there all night long. But let me say, as I started, that there is something wrong with a sys-tem that will allow one Member of the Senate to preclude 99 Members from getting their amendments through. This is not right. I am not sure how to resolve it, but I would just say—and I think that my good friend from Rhode Island would agree—that we can work out something to keep that from hap-pening or to minimize it. It is not quite as bad as it sounds, when we say we didn’t have any amendments on the floor. We had countless amendments in committee. We had many amendments on the floor. There were 47 amendments that were folded into the bill, and that is after it came to the floor. So we did consider those, but we didn’t vote on any amendments, and that is what we should be doing. We stand here and plead with people to bring their amend-ments down so we can have an open amendment process, and then one per-son objects. There is something wrong with that system. So I thank the chairman and the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee for their contin-ued leadership. I thank my friend from Rhode Island, Senator REED, for his leadership and commitment to bipar-tisan collaboration throughout the process. We shared a commitment to open debate and amendments. Secondly, and most significant, I rec-ognize the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Senator M
CCAIN, for his leadership. Most of the stuff in this bill has come through the deliberation and leadership of Senator M
CCAIN. We can clearly see that this bill reflects his priorities and policy initiatives he has fought for as our chairman. His commitment to govern-ment oversight and accountability and American leadership around the world is evident on every page. We miss his voice in the Chamber today, but to-day’s vote is a true tribute to his last-ing legacy to our Nation, and I urge our colleagues to join me. We are going to cast two votes. At some point in this process, I am going to make another effort. We have a list of 47 amendments that have been cleared on both sides, and Democrats and Republicans are all for this. We want to have an opportunity to have these passed in a package. I am hopeful that there will not be a Member of this body who will object and object to 47 people having their amendments, which have been cleared, actually pass. We are getting close to the time when we will be voting. I think there ought to be one last shot—maybe not. This is a very significant vote coming up. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO WAIVE  
Under the previous order, the ques-tion occurs on agreeing to the motion to waive the point of order made under section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71. Mr. INHOFE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. SHAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 81, nays 14, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 127 Leg.] YEAS—81 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—14 
Barrasso Corker Enzi Gillibrand Harris Kennedy Lee Markey Merkley Paul Perdue Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Boozman Cassidy Duckworth McCain Shaheen 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 81, the nays are 14. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I have a bipartisan list of amendments that have been cleared from both sides. We have been talking about wanting to have these presented, and there is no objection to any of them. So I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the adoption of the substitute amendment, the amendments be called up en bloc. There are 44 amendments. I further ask consent that these amend-ments be agreed to en bloc and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. I send the list to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I have no objection to voting on the amendments if we allow all of them. We have an amend-ment, and 68 Members of this body said that no American should be detained without a trial. If you put that amend-ment, which 68 Senators support, in the package, I will be happy to have con-sent. If we don’t have it in, I will con-tinue to object. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.016 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3973 June 18, 2018 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 85, nays 10, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 128 Leg.] YEAS—85 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—10 
Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Lee Markey Merkley Paul Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Boozman Cassidy Duckworth McCain Shaheen 
The bill (H.R. 5515), as amended, was passed. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 449, H.R. 5895, an act making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, Mike Rounds, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, John Boozman, John Cornyn, John Barrasso, Marco Rubio, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, John Hoeven, Thom Tillis, John Thune, Lisa Murkowski, Richard Burr, Roger F. Wicker. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5895, an act making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Further, if present and voting the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 92, nays 3, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 129 Leg.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—3 
Gillibrand Markey Warren 
NOT VOTING—5 
Boozman Cassidy Duckworth McCain Shaheen 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 92, the nays are 3. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion to pro-ceed. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 449, H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the mo-tion to proceed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2910 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute.) 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I call up the substitute amendment, No. 2910. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. S HELBY ] proposes an amendment numbered 2910. 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2911 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2910 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2911. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.021 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3974 June 18, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ] proposes an amendment numbered 2911 to amendment No. 2910. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To make a technical correction) On page 37, line 19, strike ‘‘$220,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$222,142,000’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, to-morrow the distinguished Senator from Alabama, Mr. S
HELBY , and the distin-guished Senator from Vermont, Mr. L
EAHY , will lead us in the beginning of the Senate’s appropriations process for the year that begins this October 2018. This is also the best opportunity we have had in a long time to do the ap-propriations process properly. For the last several years, we have finished and reported our 12 bills out of the Appropriations Committee on which about one-third of the Senate sits. We have reported those bills to the Senate floor. We have usually done that with bipartisan support and often unanimously. This is no small task. For example, in our Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee, which I chair and which the Senator from California, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , is the vice chair, this year we have had three hearings. We have received comments from 83 Members of the Senate. We have considered their comments. We considered our bill in a subcommittee markup, and then we approved the bill 30 to 1 in the Appropriations Com-mittee on May 24. We are on pace this year, thanks to the leadership of Sen-ator S
HELBY and Senator L EAHY , to take those same steps with all 12 ap-propriations bills. The Interior Appropriations Sub-committee, which has not been able to get bipartisan agreement since fiscal year 2010, was able to reach an agree-ment this year. So I thank Senator S
HELBY and Senator L EAHY , and I thank Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator S
CHUMER , the Democratic and Repub-lican leaders, for creating an environ-ment in which all of this is possible. We are saying to all Members of the Senate, we would like for the appro-priations bills to be considered by more than one-third of the Senators. We know we have considered your thoughts in our committee process. We have done that, and we have done that carefully, but to the extent Senators want to, we ought to be able to con-sider relevant amendments—amend-ments that have something to do with the bill on the floor of the Senate. So the key now is whether we know how to consider amendments, whether we can remember how to consider, talk about, agree to time agreements, and then vote on amendments; how we can occasionally show restraint and not offer an amendment that would blow up the whole bill, keeping in mind that our goal is to pass an appropriations bill—literally a series of appropriations bills—that will spend more than $1 tril-lion of the taxpayers’ money in the year that begins October 2018. Now, too often, once we have gotten on the Senate floor in this shape, we have gotten ourselves into this situa-tion: Senators blocking other Senators’ amendments—which Senators can do— but if Senators block other Senators’ amendments and the tit for tat gets going back and forth, then no amend-ments are considered, and we are back in a situation where only the 31 Sen-ators on the Senate Appropriations Committee have a say in the final bill. This is a chance for the other 69 Sen-ators to be more involved by offering their amendments on the floor. So it is my hope that beginning to-morrow, we will return to the practice of offering amendments that have something to do with the bills at hand, and then we will either accept it, mod-ify it, try to talk a Senator out of of-fering it, or agree to a short period of time to talk about an amendment and then actually vote on the amendment. If we do that, we can finish our work in a timely way. We can restore to the Senate its most basic process, which is its article I of the Constitution respon-sibility for appropriating dollars. Tonight I will make my opening re-marks on one of the three bills we will be considering this week, the Energy and Water Development appropriations bill. Tomorrow, Senator SHELBY and Senator L
EAHY will officially kick off our appropriations process. Senator F
EINSTEIN , my colleague on the Energy and Water Appropriations Sub-committee, with whom I have worked for several years, will make her re-marks and so will other Senators from the other two subcommittees. Then we will begin to vote on amendments. Our plan is to begin voting on amendments tomorrow. We have a number of amendments al-ready proposed that are bipartisan. Of course, it is up to the Republican lead-er and the Democratic leader how we proceed, but I have talked with them. I have talked with other colleagues. Our hope is to have a couple of amendments to vote on just before lunch, two more amendments to vote on right after lunch, and other amendments to vote on tomorrow afternoon. I would say to Senators and to staff that all of us—all six of us Senators in-volved in the three subcommittees, plus Senator S
HELBY and Senator L
EAHY —hope Senators will file their amendments tonight and tomorrow. We want to finish the bill this week. That is what Senator M
CCONNELL has asked us to do. That means, in order to have timely consideration of amendments— and we could do a number during the week; those that are not accepted, we could vote on—we need to get on with it. We can still consider several amend-ments tomorrow, other than the ones already planned. This information has been available to Senators and staff for them to consider. The Energy and Water appropriations bill went through the entire process I just mentioned. That has been public, and it has been available for anybody to read since May 24. It was approved 30 to 1—one-third of the Senate—and 83 Senators made suggestions that we tried to accommodate in the bill. The Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs bill has been available to the full Senate since June 7. It was ap-proved unanimously, after going through the full committee process, by a vote of 31 to 0. The Legislative Branch appropria-tions bill is the third subcommittee bill that will be considered this week. It has been available since June 14. It went through the entire committee process and was approved 31 to 0. Last Saturday, all three of these bills were stitched together into one bill. This has been available; we call it in our way of talking a minibus—three subcommittee appropriations bills fully vetted, fully public. It is time to deal with it. Before I describe the Energy and Water appropriations bill in detail, I wish to tell the Senate a story told to me by the Senator from Colorado, Mr. GARDNER , who has taken an active in-terest in research, technology, and de-velopment ever since his arrival in the U.S. Senate 4 years ago. Senator G
ARDNER came by my office a few weeks ago, and this is what he said to me: You know, I was flying over the Middle East, and I looked down, and there were cars everywhere. I thought, well, Henry Ford invented the assembly line. Then it got to be dark, and there were lights everywhere, and I thought, well, Thomas Edison invented the light bulb. We were flying at 30,000 feet, and I thought, the Wright broth-ers invented the airplane. They are all Americans. I got to thinking that is not all; we have invented the internet, the personal computer, nuclear power, the polio vaccine. It is hard to think of a major technological invention since World War II that didn’t have some support from government-sponsored re-search. A few weeks ago, a friend of mine in Nashville came up to me and lamented the fact—he said: I’m so sorry that Congress hasn’t been funding research. He understood that since World War II, it has been so important to our coun-try. I told my friend: I think you have been missing what has actually been happening, because quietly, with bipar-tisan support, this Congress—which has a Republican majority and, for the last two appropriations bills, a Republican President—has been approving record funding for science, research, and tech-nology. It is important that the Amer-ican people know that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.025 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3975 June 18, 2018 
Since January of 2015, it is true we have had a Republican majority in Congress, but there has been a con-sensus with Democratic Members of Congress. We have worked together to provide those record levels of funding for science, research, and technology. Let me be specific. In the current year—fiscal year 2018—for the third consecutive year we provided record funding levels in regular appropria-tions bills for the following activities: The Office of Science. The Office of Science provides funding for our 17 na-tional laboratories, including the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, which are America’s secret weapon. No other country has anything like them. Fund-ing for the Office of Science in this fis-cal year’s appropriations bill—the one we are voting on this week—would in-crease funding by 6 percent. Let’s take supercomputing. Last Fri-day, Secretary of Energy Perry trav-eled to Oak Ridge, where he announced that the United States will regain the No. 1 position in the world in super-computers, which we compete for every year with China and Japan. This is the result not of 1 year of funding, but of 10 years of bipartisan effort through three different administrations—Democratic and Republican—to try to make sure that America is first in supercom-puting in the world. We continue to do that in the appropriations bill we are considering this week. Or take an agency we call ARPA-E. ARPA-E is a cousin of DARPA which is an agency that was created in the De-partment of Defense some time ago, out of which came a variety of won-drous new technologies—from stealth to the internet, for example. So 10 years ago, Congress decided ‘‘Why not try the same thing in energy?’’ and cre-ated what we call ARPA-E to invest in high-impact energy technologies and then quickly get those technologies added to the private sector. That is just our subcommittee. In other subcommittees—the Commerce, Justice, Science Committee, chaired by Senator M
ORAN and Senator S HAHEEN , the fiscal year 2018 bill increased fund-ing for the National Science Founda-tion by $200 million. The fiscal year 2019 bill, approved by the Senate Ap-propriation Committee last week, pro-poses to increase funding another $300 million. The National Science Founda-tion makes about 11,000 grants to uni-versities and other institutions around the country—$8 billion next year—as a part of our effort to stay first in re-search, science, and technology. Then there is one more example. In fiscal year 2018, for the third straight year, the Labor, Health and Human Services Subcommittee, chaired by Senator B
LUNT and Senator M URRAY , has provided increased funding for the National Institutes of Health and bio-medical research—2 billion additional dollars in the first year, 2 billion the second year, and 2 billion the third year, which is in addition to 21st Cen-tury Cures Act funding to focus on the Precision Medicine Initiative, the Can-cer Moonshot, among other things. Senator BLUNT has said that is a 23- percent increase over three years. So I would say to my friend in Nash-ville—and to others who may not have noticed this quiet development—that this Republican Congress and the Democratic Members of Congress, as well, understand that a principal rea-son why this country produces 24 per-cent of all the money in the world for just 5 percent of the people—the prin-cipal reason for this extraordinary con-centration of brain power in the United States has been support by Federal dol-lars through our National Labora-tories, the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Founda-tion, and other agencies. Let me make one other statement right upfront. That funding is not the cause of the Federal deficit. Funding for the National Laboratories, national defense, national parks, and the Na-tional Institutes of Health is all part of the 30 percent of the Federal budget we call discretionary spending. That is what we are talking about this week. That is the money Congress appro-priates every year—more than $1 tril-lion. Over the last 10 years, this part of the Federal budget—the 30 percent that is the discretionary funding—has gone up at a little bit less than the rate of inflation, according to the Congres-sional Budget Office, and the Congres-sional Budget Office projects that over the next 10 years, this part of the budg-et will rise at a little bit more than the rate of inflation. So record funding for the National Institutes of Health or the National Science Foundation or ARPA-E or to keep our position in supercomputing— or, for that matter, national defense— is not the source of the Federal deficit. What has happened is that the Con-gress—Democrats and Republicans alike—have placed a priority on science, technology, and research and, within the budget limits established, we have given that excellent funding— record funding. The source of the Fed-eral budget deficit is mandatory spend-ing, which amounts to more than 63 percent of the budget. Now to the Energy and Water appro-priations bill. This legislation provides a total of $43.8 billion, $566 million above what Congress provided last fis-cal year—the year we are in now—and $7.24 billion above the President’s budget request. Funding in this bill supports several agencies, including the U.S. Department of Energy, the Corps of Engineers, the National Nu-clear Security Administration, the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, the Bu-reau of Reclamation, and the regional commissions, including the Appa-lachian Regional Commission and the Delta Regional Authority. I am pleased that the bill provides the fourth year of record funding for our 17 national laboratories and in-creases funding for supercomputers so that we can stay first in the world. The U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science, which supports basic science and energy research and is the Nation’s largest supporter of research in the physical sciences, is funded at $6.65 bil-lion, a new record funding level. The Advanced Research Projects Agency—we call it ARPA-E—is funded at $375 million, record funding in a reg-ular appropriations bill. As I said, it was created in 2007 by the America COMPETES Act, a bipartisan effort to invest in high-impact energy tech-nologies. The bill provides a total of $1.68 bil-lion for high-performance computing, including $980 million within the Office of Science, and $703 million within the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion. This amount includes $677 million to deliver at least one exascale ma-chine in 2021, the supercomputer that will reassert U.S. leadership in this critical area—the one Secretary Perry announced last week. The bill also advances efforts to clean up hazardous materials at Cold War-era sites. The bill provides $7.2 bil-lion to support cleanup efforts, which is $581 million above the President’s budget request. This bill also includes provisions re-garding the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers. The Corps of Engineers touches the lives of almost every American. Based upon the number of appropria-tions requests we have received from my colleagues in the Senate, the Corps of Engineers is the Federal Govern-ment’s most popular agency. I can re-member a hearing of one of our com-mittees shortly after the Missouri and Mississippi rivers flooded a few years ago, and 18 different Senators showed up to suggest that we needed more money for the Army Corps of Engi-neers. The Corps maintains our inland wa-terways. It deepens and keeps our ports open. It looks after many of our rec-reational waters and lands. It manages the river levels to prevent flooding and its dams provide emission-free renew-able hydroelectric energy. The bill restores $2.142 billion that was cut from the President’s budget re-quest, bringing the Corps budget up to $6.9 billion, a new record funding level under regular appropriations bills. For the fifth consecutive year, the bill makes full use of the Inland Waterway Trust Fund revenues for water infra-structure projects. In other words, when we take tax money from the barges that use the waterways, we spend that tax money to improve the waterways rather than put it in some account somewhere. The bill also provides funding that exceeds the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund spending target established by the Water Resources Reform and De-velopment Act of 2014. This is the fifth consecutive year the bill has met or ex-ceeded the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund spending target, which is nec-essary to adequately fund our Nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.027 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3976 June 18, 2018 
harbors, including Mobile Harbor in Alabama, Savannah Harbor in Georgia, Long Beach Harbor in California, and many others across the country. We hear a lot of talk about infra-structure and the need to do something about it. Well, this bill does something about it for 5 straight years. We are spending all the money we have col-lected—and, in fact, we raised the reve-nues a couple of years ago—for the last few years at record levels to improve our inland waterways and deepen our ports. A key pillar of our national defense is a strong nuclear deterrent. That has been in the news these last few weeks because of the President’s discussions with the leader of North Korea. The bill includes a total of $14 billion for the National Nuclear Security Admin-istration, including $1.9 billion for six life extension programs, which fix or replace components and weapons sys-tems to make sure they are safe and re-liable. Congress must maintain a safe and effective nuclear weapons stock-pile and keep big construction projects on time and on budget. This bill achieves those goals. Nuclear power is our best source of inexpensive, carbon- free baseload power. It is important for our national security competitiveness. Nuclear power provides 20 percent of our Nation’s electricity, more than half of our carbon-free electricity. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission, which oversees our 99 nuclear power re-actors, is also funded in this bill. We included funding to ensure that the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission is pre-pared to review applications for new re-actors, particularly small modular re-actors and advanced reactors, and to extend the licenses of our existing re-actors if it is safe to do so. The bill also provides $47 million for research and development at the De-partment of Energy to support existing nuclear reactors, $30 million for the Consortium for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors, and $30 mil-lion for the transformational challenge reactor. The legislation again includes a pilot program to allow consolidated nuclear waste storage that I have worked on with Senator F
EINSTEIN for the last 6 years. This has been a special priority of the Senator from California, as it is of mine. Funding is also included for the Department of Energy to take the first steps toward being able to store nuclear waste at private facilities. Tomorrow, Senator S
HELBY and Sen-ator L
EAHY will formally begin the process of the appropriations of the Senate for the year that begins October 1. As I said at the beginning, this is our opportunity to do it right—something we haven’t done in a long time. We have done our work in com-mittee. We have gotten our bills through. We had our hearings. We con-sidered everybody’s ideas. But that is just 31 of us. What about the other 69 Senators? They might like to have more of a say when the bill reaches the floor. What we are asking tonight is that Senators and staff read the bills. We don’t have 2, 3, 4, or 5 days to sit around and read the bills. Senator MCCONNELL would like for us to be through with this bill this week. We have 12 appropriations bills to consider. We ought to be able to do that in 2 or 3 days. If we read the bills and decide which amendments haven’t already been considered and file the amendments tonight, tomorrow we can ask consent for a time agreement of, say, 20 minutes and give each side 10 minutes to speak, and then we can ac-tually vote on the amendments. That is what we are supposed to do. Sometimes the U.S. Senate has been like joining the Grand Ole Opry and not being allowed to sing. It is rare that we have an amendment. The ap-propriations process is a chance to do that. I hope we will have a chance to do that. I wish to make one other plea to my fellow Senators. The Senate has enor-mous power. Each Senator is equal. As a result, when the majority leader gets up and says we are going to start to-morrow with a prayer and this bill, and then we are going to move to some-thing else, he says, if you listen care-fully: I ask unanimous consent that we open tomorrow at 9:30. I ask unanimous consent that we move to this bill. He gets that. He gets that because Senators recognize that although any one of us could have stopped that by objecting, we demonstrate some re-straint. Just because you have the free-dom to do something doesn’t mean you should always try to do it. We learned that in kindergarten. We are well past that level now; we are in U.S. Senate. I am hopeful that we can begin to-morrow with our speeches from at least eight of our Senators who have been working on this bill, including our leaders. I am hopeful that we will have a couple of amendments to vote on be-fore lunch—bipartisan amendments— maybe a couple more after lunch, and maybe two or three more in the late afternoon. That is up to the Demo-cratic leader and the Republican leader to finally decide, but I think the chances are good. I will ask all Senators and staffs who are paying attention tonight, please read these three bills. If you have amendments that need to be considered that are relevant to the bill, please file them tonight or first thing in the morning. Talk with our staff, and let’s see if we can accept them, modify them, and, if necessary, vote on them. Let’s try to get that done this week and show ourselves and the world that the U.S. Senate is still capable of a complete appropriations process. After all, that is our most basic responsi-bility. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that for the purpose of rule XVI in relation to the substitute amendment No. 2910, division A of H.R. 5895 serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for division A of the amendment, division B of H.R. 5895 serve as the basis for de-fense of germaneness for division B of the amendment, and that division C of H.R. 5895 serve as the basis for defense of germaneness for division C of the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. ALEXANDER. I see the Senator from Hawaii. I don’t know whether he has any remarks to make. I see the Senator from Oklahoma. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, ear-lier this year, this Chamber was full of conversation about immigration. We had four bipartisan proposals that all came to this floor. All four of them had votes. All four of them had some en-gagement from different Members. All four of them failed. While we didn’t succeed in getting something passed and resolved on immigration, I will note that over 70 Senators voted for at least 1 of the 4 options that included wall funding, increased border security, and naturalization for those students who are in DACA or DACA-eligible. At least 70-plus Senators voted for those three options. They were written in dif-ferent ways in each bill, but they all had the same basis. I was one of those. Like many of my friends on both sides of the aisle, during the debate, I said that Americans don’t hold chil-dren accountable for the actions of their parents. It has been a basic prin-ciple we have held for a long time. We believe in the protection of children and the unity of families. That is what we have been about. We have some de-bate about that because some of this body believes a child is not a child until you can see them, and some be-lieve a child is a child even when they are in the womb. But we do have unity about those individuals—that when we can see them and know them as a child, that we keep them as a family. Although you could strongly put me on the side of saying I think a child is a child even when they are in the womb. It is right for us to focus on families. Quite frankly, it is also right for us focus on immigration law and to be-lieve that we are a nation of laws. We have a great dilemma at this point happening around our border. Let me set some context for this that I think is important, and I want to make sure people understand. We are a very open nation for immi-gration. We have been before, and we are now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.029 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3977 June 18, 2018 
Last Friday, I had the wonderful op-portunity to speak at a naturalization ceremony in Oklahoma City and watch people from all over the world take the oath, set aside their old country and become citizens of the United States. I dare anyone to go to one of those events and try to keep a dry eye. It is incredibly moving to watch people have this event happen in their life that they will never forget—they be-come an American. They didn’t just come to America; they are Americans. They have the exact same rights as anyone else in this Chamber and live under the same law. Now, 1.1 million people a year be-come naturalized citizens of the United States. Each day, 500,000 people legally cross the border from Mexico into the United States. We still have a debate on what happens with those other indi-viduals who aren’t the 1.1 million who legally go through the process to be-come U.S. citizens or the half a million people a day who legally cross into the United States. What do we do with those individuals who choose not to do it legally? It is a much smaller num-ber, but it is exceptionally contentious for us because we are a compassionate nation, but we are also a nation that believes in following the law—right-fully so. In fact, many people are flee-ing from countries where the law is ig-nored to come to a country like ours. How did we get here? When a family is detained for illegally crossing the border, the Department of Homeland Security has a longstanding policy. It is not just for this administration; it is longstanding policy not to separate children from their parents unless there is one of three things that occur: DHS can’t establish that the adult traveling with the child is actually the guardian of the child or the parent of the child. The second one is that they believe the child is in danger—for in-stance, if there is a belief that the child has been trafficked or abused. The third one is that the individual who is traveling with the child—parent or guardian assumed—is being pros-ecuted for a crime. Those are the three instances in which you separate chil-dren from their families. Throughout the last administration to this one, those individuals were prosecuted, but the difference is, this administration has now determined that they are going to prosecute more individuals when they cross the border. The previous administrations would look the other way. They would see in-dividuals crossing the border, and they would say: If they haven’t committed some other crime besides crossing the border—they would look the other way and allow them to come in, or they would say: Here is what is called a no-tice to appear, and you can go into the interior of the country and live in the United States, but show up for a court hearing a year or two from now in someplace that you want to go to. The problem is, as the Trump Admin-istration has noted, that the vast ma-jority of those individuals who were given a notice to appear at a future court date never show up for that court date and they live illegally in the United States. Again, they are not one of the half a million people who each day cross le-gally into the country; they are the small group of individuals who chose to illegally cross into the country. They are given the notice to appear and then don’t appear. The Trump administration is strug-gling with this right now and trying to figure out what to do in that situation. Well, their decision was to say: Zero tolerance. We are going to prosecute those individuals who come. Rather than just give them a ticket to, in the future, come to a court date, let’s do the date right now. The problem with that is, as soon as you press charges on that individual, you get one of those three criteria that kicks in immediately. As soon as charges are filed on the adult—not on the child but on the adult—the adult is taken to have charges filed on them and start going through the legal proc-ess. There is a requirement to separate the children then, and the children go to what is called the least restrictive environment. Usually that is with a family member somewhere in the coun-try, but it is usually 2 months or so be-fore we can get that child to someone else in order to help them go with a family member. That is a mess. It is something that occurred based on the decision of the adult who brought the child and the de-cision of the adult to illegally cross the border, but it is still a mess. We as compassionate Americans absolutely detest watching families being pulled apart. As I have said, the Department of Homeland Security—our default every time should be to keep families to-gether unless there is absolutely no way to do it. Families should stay to-gether. These are individuals who are fleeing from whatever country or are coming for economic benefit. They should face the consequences of ille-gally crossing the border rather than doing it the right way—legally—as hundreds of thousands of people do every single day, doing it the right way. But we should try to keep fami-lies together if at all possible. The question becomes, Now what? Since the policy change of May 5, there are about 2,200 families who have crossed the border since May 5 who have been picked up. About 2,200 adults have been taken one way, and their children taken the other way. It is very difficult for our Nation to watch. As a father, I absolutely believe in every fiber of my being that children should be safe and kept with their own fami-lies in a loving and healthy environ-ment. Yet now we are in a tough spot so let me try to review and make some recommendations of what we can do about this. In 1997, there was an agreement called the Flores settlement. The Flo-res settlement was an agreement be-tween the Department of Justice and a group of immigrant minors. It stated the Federal Government must release to their parents or guardians, without unnecessary delay, migrant children who are being held in Federal custody. In this case, the parent or guardian is under criminal prosecution, so the Fed-eral Government can’t do that. The next thing they have to do is to find the least restrictive environment in which to release this child, which is based on this 1997 agreement. This is not a new issue. Every admin-istration since 1997 has tried to figure out what to do with it. The previous administration, as I mentioned, just re-leased people—adults and children— into the interior of the country be-cause it didn’t know what to do with this agreement. There is a way to re-solve this and help keep families to-gether no matter what their statuses are as they are working through this process. In fact, I believe in it enough that in one of the proposals I brought to this body to vote on in February, when we were dealing with immigration as a whole, there was an agreement to re-solve Flores. We have voted on this al-ready. I had folks as recently as today say to bring a piece of legislation to fix this. I smiled at them and said I did 4 months ago and that we voted on it as a body. This is not a new issue. It has not just popped up since May 5, as the Trump administration has focused on prosecution. This has been an issue for a couple of decades. Solving the Flores loophole is excep-tionally important to us in our immi-gration conversation because there are no simple answers to it until we re-solve this issue. When the Court re-quires us to separate children from families while they are under prosecu-tion and to find the least restrictive environment to ship children, it makes for this convoluted, bureaucratic, pain-ful separation of families. I don’t think that was the Court’s intention, but it has clearly been the result of that since 1997, and now it is happening more. It has happened before in the past, and it will continue to happen until we solve this. In February, we brought up the need to continue to de-bate and get this done. We have tried this before. Let’s keep focusing on solv-ing this. In the meantime, it is my rec-ommendation to this administration that before there is prosecution, it offer to families the opportunity to do volunteer returns. Currently, if you are from Mexico or if you are from Canada and you illegally cross the border, you have the opportunity to have what is called a voluntary return, meaning that you don’t go through all of the prosecution. You know you are in the country illegally, but you are not quite at the point of having charges filed against you. You have that oppor-tunity, and you take that opportunity. I think, before it files charges, the administration should offer to every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.031 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3978 June 18, 2018 
family who comes across the border the opportunity to keep its family together instead of going through this painful separation from any kind of prosecu-tion that would happen regardless of that prosecution occurring. Give fami-lies the opportunity to stay together, make a decision on what they are going to do together, and get this done. That is something the administration can do. Short of that, I absolutely believe Kirstjen Nielsen, who is our Secretary of Homeland Security, is exactly cor-rect when she says this is Congress’s fault. Congress has had the oppor-tunity for a couple of decades now to fix this, and Congress, for a couple of decades, has said that it is not a prob-lem, it is not a problem, it is not a problem. I and several other Senators and quite a few House Members have con-tinued to weigh this issue and say it is a problem no matter how it is used. Whether it has been used with heavy prosecution or light prosecution in pre-vious administrations, it has always been a problem. Congress has had the ability to fix it, but Congress has been unwilling to do it. It is time for Con-gress to step up and do the job it is sup-posed to do—take the votes it is sup-posed to take. I am very aware these issues are dif-ficult and technical and emotional, but these are real lives that are mixed into this—individuals who were created in the image of God. They have value and worth. Families are affected by this. Congress needs to step up, take the votes, and actually do the task that needs to be done. The administration is right in that this is Congress’s problem and that it is Congress’s responsibility to fix it. We shouldn’t leave the admin-istration hanging out there. I also say to the administration: You have other options and other tools, in the meantime, to keep families to-gether. Use them. For the sake of all of those kids and all of those families, use them. In the meantime, in the middle of this intolerable position, let’s step up, and let’s take the votes. We all know we need border security. In this body, border security was an overwhelming bipartisan-supported measure in 2006, when the Secure Fence Act was passed. We believe there needs to be border security. Let’s vote for it. Let’s get it done. Let’s not just talk about doing it someday. Let’s actually do it. Let’s add more immigration judges. Our backlog of a year and a half before one can get to an immigration court is absurd. Catch and release is absurd. No one would do that or should do that. We have ways to fix that. I have stated over and over in this body that I think it is absurd we have individuals who are in this country, due to no fault of their own, and have grown up in this country whom we have just ignored and pretended have not been there. Those people who are in DACA or who are DACA-eligible de-serve an answer. This Congress should vote on it rather than just keep them in limbo. Publically, I believe they should have a shot at naturalization. The reason-able thing is to give us 10 years to get the border security done. At the same time, those individuals in DACA will have a 10-year path headed toward their naturalization. That should not be unreasonable. In the meantime, give those individuals the opportunity to travel and work and go to school and be full participants in our society. I think the diversity lottery is ab-surd. Other than salvation in Christ, I think one of the greatest gifts you can possibly have on this Earth is Amer-ican citizenship. We just put it out there and say: You don’t have to have any qualifications. If you want to come, come. I think we should actually extend it to people who are going to en-gage in the economy and be productive parts of our society, who have gifts and abilities that will help us as a culture. Let’s make that the extension. Let’s keep the diversity lottery. I am grate-ful to have people here who are from all over the world. Let’s just make sure they are bringing the skills we need. I don’t think it is that unreasonable. There are things we can do that we agree on and that we should move on rather than just say: Someday, let’s do. Someday is today. Someday is right now. It is time for Congress to step up and take the lead and stop blaming ev-erybody else. It is time for us to do our job and vote on this for a result. I yield the floor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHUCK MRAZ Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I would like to take a moment to congratulate the ‘‘Voice of the Ea-gles,’’ Chuck Mraz, who is retiring from his position as the news director at Morehead State Public Radio. Serv-ing communities in eastern Kentucky, southern Ohio, and western West Vir-ginia for more than 30 years, Chuck’s reporting has been a staple for count-less listeners. As he prepares to sign off, I would like to take a brief look back at his remarkable career. I have had the privilege of joining Chuck’s program many times over the years. While I have enjoyed our con-versations about important issues to Kentucky, we found a shared passion that has nothing to do with my role in the Senate: our love of sports. At the outset of his career, Chuck wanted to be a sportscaster. According to him, sports have ‘‘always been a part of my life ever since I realized that I could pick up a bat and hit a ball.’’ He joined MSPR in 1986 as the station’s sports director and special events director. Even when he took on a new challenge in 2005 as the news di-rector, Chuck kept his part time role as the play-by-play voice of the MSU football and men’s basketball teams. Throughout his time on the air at MSPR, Chuck has called more than 1,000 Eagles athletic events. According to the school, that is more than any other announcer in the athletic depart-ment’s history. He has been a constant presence for coaches, players, and fans and has been an integral part of the Eagles’ community. He still says the highlight of his career was MSU’s 2011 Men’s NCAA basketball tournament win at the buzzer over my alma mater, the University of Louisville Cardinals. For his impressive career, Chuck has won local, State, and regional acclaim from his peers. Among his many acco-lades are more than 40 Kentucky Asso-ciated Press awards, the Eastern Ken-tucky Leadership Conference Award for Media and Technology, and the Ohio Valley Conference Media Award. Even more important to Chuck than his honors are the relationships he built with the next generation of broadcasters. He recognized many in-spirational teachers and advisers in his own life, and as a result, Chuck has mentored hundreds of students while at MSU. Many of them have begun their own notable careers around the State. As they continue to prosper in their work, Chuck’s impact on the broad-casting community will continue to be felt for years to come. Looking back on his long and suc-cessful career, Chuck said, ‘‘I’ve always believed that hard work can overcome a lack of ability in some areas.’’ His drive has led to many late nights, many 3:30 a.m. alarms, and a lot of time away from his family, but it is that commitment that has also brought Chuck great success in his pro-fession and in the Morehead commu-nity. In retirement, Chuck looks forward to spending more time with his family, especially his wife, Joni, and his daughters, Megan and Elizabeth. Just because he is leaving his role as news director, however, doesn’t mean that MSPR listeners won’t hear Chuck on the radio. Even in retirement, he plans to call Eagles football and basketball games. At the end of this month, the community will gather to celebrate Chuck’s career and to thank him for his contributions to the school, its stu-dents, and to the Eagles. I would like to add my voice to the MSU commu-nity in wishing him a restful and happy retirement. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 251 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, establishes statutory limits on discre-tionary spending and allows for various adjustments to those limits. In addi-tion, sections 302 and 314(a) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 allow the Chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate is considering S. Amdt. 2910, a ‘‘minibus’’ spending measure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.032 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3979 June 18, 2018 
covering programs within the jurisdic-tion of the Senate Appropriations Sub-committees on Energy and Water, Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and the Legislative Branch. This legislation includes funding for mili-tary construction designated as over-seas contingency operations funding pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of BBEDCA. These provisions provide $921 million in budget authority for fiscal year 2019. The inclusion of the overseas contingency operations designations with these provisions makes this spending eligible for an adjustment under the Congressional Budget Act. Accordingly, I am increasing the fis-cal year 2019 budgetary aggregate by $921 million in budget authority. Fur-ther, I am revising the budget author-ity allocations to the Committee on Appropriations by increasing revised security budget authority by $921 mil-lion in fiscal year 2019. I ask unanimous consent that this notice and the accompanying tables, which provide details about the adjust-ment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $s in millions 2019 
Current Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,547,094 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,508,052 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............................................................... 921 Outlays .............................................................................. 0 Revised Spending Aggregates: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,548,015 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,508,052 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974) $s in millions 2019 
Current Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 647,000 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 597,000 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,314,141 Adjustments: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 921 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 0 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 0 Revised Allocation: Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 647,921 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 597,000 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,314,141 
Regular OCO Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ....................................................................................... 0 921 0 0 0 921 Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... .............................................................................. 0 0 0 0 0 0 General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss my vote in opposi-tion to the 2019 National Defense Au-thorization Act. First, I would like to thank Chair-man M
CCAIN and Ranking Member R
EEDfor including the Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act in this defense authorization bill. I worked with Senator C
ORNYN to de-velop this important piece of legisla-tion to update the role of the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States, CFIUS. Our bill would expand CFIUS’s au-thority to review foreign investments in the United States and potentially block those that pose a risk to our na-tional security. I hope our bill is re-tained by the conferees and included in the final defense authorization bill so that it can become law. The defense bill we are considering today also authorizes funding for a number of programs critical to Califor-nia’s defense industry. That includes funding for three ships: two oilers and an additional expeditionary support base ship. All three are vital to the shipbuilding industry in southern Cali-fornia. The bill also continues production of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter and F–18 Super Hornet aircraft, which, when coupled with the B–21 Raider, will help maintain California’s edge in aero-space. However, I am deeply disappointed that the defense authorization bill also includes two nuclear weapons-related provisions that I strongly oppose. The first is the inclusion of $65 mil-lion to develop a new low-yield sub-marine-launched ballistic missile. I ve-hemently oppose the development of any new nuclear weapons, and I oppose the funding included in this bill for that purpose. I remember when the United States dropped nuclear bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. It is seared into my memory. My greatest hope is that humanity will never see the use of nuclear weap-ons again. My deepest fear, however, is that so-called low-yield nuclear weap-ons make such a repetition more—not less—likely. The Trump administration has ar-gued that it needs new nuclear weapons to respond in kind to a potential Rus-sian first-use of a low-yield weapon. That line of argument makes clear that the Trump administration is con-templating actually using nuclear weapons to fight ‘‘limited’’ nuclear wars. We are kidding ourselves if we think there is such a thing as a ‘‘lim-ited’’ nuclear war. We should listen to the wise words of Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, who said in February: ‘‘I don’t think there is any such thing as a ‘tactical nuclear weapon.’ Any nuclear weapon used any time is a strategic game-changer.’’ That is particularly true with the low- yield weapon included in this bill. We already have 1,550 strategic nuclear weapons. We have hundreds more low- yield weapons. We are building new nuclear ballistic missile submarines, new long-range bombers, new intercontinental ballistic missiles, new nuclear cruise missiles, and new fighter aircraft capable of de-livering advanced gravity bombs. We are also making investments to extend the life of our existing warheads. We have a safe, secure, and reliable nuclear deterrent. We do not need to build new nuclear weapons, particu-larly for President Trump. While I oppose this new low-yield weapon, I appreciate that it has been the subject of considerable congres-sional debate and requires an explicit congressional authorization to develop. However, that explicit congressional authorization to develop new nuclear weapons will no longer be required if this defense bill becomes law. That is because, during the Senate Armed Services Committee’s markup of the bill, Senator C
OTTON offered an amendment to eliminate all existing restrictions on the development of new, low-yield weapons. His amendment, which passed on a party line vote, would allow the Sec-retary of Energy to develop new weap-ons simply by requesting funding to do so. Removing these restrictions is an abdication of our constitutional and moral responsibility to oversee spend-ing on the world’s most dangerous weapons. I cannot support this change to Congress’s authority, and therefore I am compelled to vote against the de-fense authorization bill because of it. As this bill moves forward, I urge the conference committee to reject the Cotton amendment and retain long-standing restrictions on the develop-ment of new low-yield nuclear weap-ons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.038 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3980 June 18, 2018 
Congress should not cede its author-ity over weapons that have the capac-ity to destroy us all to President Trump. Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ERIKA K. LUNDER Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I wish to offer my most sincere appreciation and gratitude to Erika K. Lunder, legisla-tive attorney with the American Law Division of the Congressional Research Service, CRS. Erika will be leaving CRS on June 22, 2018, after 15 years of dedicated and selfless service to CRS and Congress. She was a trusted ad-viser on tax law to Members on both sides of the aisle, and her guidance and counsel will be deeply missed by me and many of my colleagues. Throughout her time at CRS, Erika provided substantial legislative sup-port to Members of Congress and con-gressional staff who often turned to her for analysis, brainstorming, and con-sultation on various aspects of tax law. Erika covered all aspects of tax law, from individual to corporate to inter-national, and in connection with every subject on which Congress legislates, from health and energy policy, to cam-paign finance, immigration, and vet-erans. Her work in these areas included assisting Congress with interpretations of current and proposed law, explaining case law and legal developments, and analyzing legislative proposals at var-ious stages of the process. Erika’s work was used by Congress in hearings, leg-islative development, markups, and preconference negotiations. Erika was a tireless worker who never said no to a request and was al-ways willing to make herself available, on a moment’s notice, 7 days a week, to help inform the policy process. She was able to describe and distill the most complex and opaque tax law con-cepts in layman’s terms in both her writing and her oral consultations to her clients. During her time at CRS, Erika con-tributed her tax law expertise in sup-port of major pieces of tax legislation that were enacted into law, as well as issues that are still the subject of con-gressional debate, such as the taxation of internet sales. Erika’s extensive knowledge of tax law and her keen ability to frame and analyze issues of paramount concern to Congress often made her the primary point of contact for congressional staff. In addition, Erika was an invaluable resource to her colleagues at CRS, working at some time or another with almost everyone in the Service, pro-viding her tax law expertise in com-bination with their legal and policy ex-pertise in other areas. I thank her for her service to Congress and the Nation and wish her all the best. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS TRIBUTE TO VALERIE P. COOKE ∑Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, after 19 years of dedicated service to the court, U.S. Magistrate Judge Val-erie P. Cooke will be retiring on July 31, 2018. I wish to recognize Judge Cooke for her excellent service to the Federal judiciary and the State of Ne-vada while serving as U.S. Magistrate Judge for the District of Nevada since 1999. As a third generation Nevada attor-ney, Judge Cooke has worked dili-gently to advance communities across Nevada, notably working to ensure equal protection under the law for the most vulnerable and forgotten popu-lations. Judge Cooke initiated the CLEAR—Court Led Efforts at Recov-ery—court program, Nevada’s first Federal reentry court, which helps to alleviate the barriers that formerly in-carcerated individuals face as they at-tempt to reintegrate into society. She also worked to ensure inmates received timely resolutions to their civil rights claims by developing the District of Nevada’s inmate early mediation pro-gram and implementing electronic fil-ing for civil rights litigation. Judge Cooke has also held leadership positions in a number of prestigious or-ganizations and committees. Judge Cooke served as the 2008–2009 president of the Bruce R. Thompson Chapter of the American Inns of Court and con-tinues to be active as an emeritus mas-ter. Judge Cooke was also the president of the Northern Nevada Women Law-yers Association in 1990 and was the 2001 recipient of the Outstanding Woman Lawyer of the Year Award. Prior to her tenure on the bench, Judge Cooke served on the Nevada Tax Commission and the Nevada Judicial Discipline Commission. She has also devoted significant time to the ad-vancement of alternative dispute reso-lution, serving on the Ninth Circuit’s alternative dispute resolution com-mittee from 2001 until 2013 and chairing the committee from 2009 to 2013. She has also conducted educational pro-grams on the subject across the coun-try and abroad. In addition to her work in public service, Judge Cooke has consistently given back to her community. She has served as a mentor and as a role model for youth in Nevada through her in-volvement with Big Brothers Big Sis-ters, which led to her being named the 2009 School-Based Big Sister of the Year by Big Brothers Big Sisters of Northern Nevada. Judge Cooke con-ducts annual presentations to elemen-tary through high school students on the work of a Federal judge and volun-teers her time each year to serve as a high school mock trial judge. Judge Cooke embodies the Nevada values of leadership, service, and hard work. I ask my colleagues to join me in com-mending Valerie P. Cooke for her many years of service to the District of Ne-vada, the Federal bench, and commu-nities across Nevada and the Nation. ∑ f 
175TH ANNIVERSARY OF KENTWOOL ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, today it is my pleasure to honor Kentwool, an Upstate textile manufacturer that is celebrating its 175th anniversary this year. Originally founded in Philadel-phia in 1843, Kentwool has since opened a plant, and maintains headquarters, in the South Carolina Upstate. Kentwool has had a long history of textile manufacturing in America, in-cluding supplying the Armed Forces in both World Wars. Kentwool has been a family-owned business for five genera-tions and maintains a strong emphasis on American-made goods. Kentwool has been an integral busi-ness to the South Carolina Upstate since it opened a production facility in Pickens County in 1954. Kentwool cur-rently employs 65 people at its Upstate facility and has its corporate head-quarters in downtown Greenville. They have been a business that the people of the Upstate and of South Carolina are truly proud of. As I share my congratulations with Kentwool, I know this accomplishment is bittersweet. Just last year, CEO Mark Kent passed away suddenly, and I know that, while Kentwool celebrates this milestone, they also commemo-rate all the hard work and philan-thropic endeavors that Mark accom-plished during his time with the com-pany. As someone who gave back to the Upstate through his interest in pre-serving historic structures and philan-thropic work, Mark will certainly not be forgotten and is remembered fondly on this 175th anniversary. Congratulations, Kentwool.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2851. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.039 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3981 June 18, 2018 
substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes. H.R. 5735. An act to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transi-tional housing for individuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other purposes. H.R. 5788. An act to provide for the proc-essing by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance elec-tronic information on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following indi-vidual on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the United States- China Economic and Security Review Commission for a term expiring on De-cember 31, 2019: Rear Admiral Michael McDevitt, United States Navy, (Ret.) of Arlington, Virginia. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2851. An act to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 5735. An act to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transi-tional housing for individuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5788. An act to provide for the proc-essing by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance elec-tronic information on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2147. An act to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Vet-erans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5537. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ments to the Swap Data Access Provisions of Part 49 and Certain Other Matters’’ (RIN3038–AE44) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 13, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5538. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Post-9/11 GI Bill’’ (RIN0790– AJ94) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 13, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5539. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) Freedom of Information Act Program’’ (RIN0790–AJ61) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 13, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–247. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Michigan urging the United States Congress to award the posthumous Medal of Honor to Lieuten-ant Colonel Albert M. Edwards for his ac-tions during the Civil War; to the Committee on Armed Services. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 19 Whereas, A resident of Detroit at the tune of the Civil War, Albert M. Edwards left col-lege in his second year to enlist as a sergeant in the 24th Michigan Infantry Regiment Dur-ing his service, he was promoted to captain of Company F where he was instrumental in raising the new regiment, organizing his company in only two days, and Whereas, Captain Edwards took command of the regiment in the Battle of Gettysburg on July 1, 1863 As other leaders were wound-ed or killed, Captain Edwards behaved gal-lantly to rally the men while under fire. The regiment suffered horrible casualties, more than any of the 400 Union regiments that fought in the three-day battle. The 24th Michigan Infantry was instrumental in pro-viding the Army of the Potomac time to es-tablish a solid defensive position that the Confederate Army would not be able to break, and Whereas, Captain Edwards commanded the regiment multiple times during his service and participated in every battle and march of the regiment. Although never wounded in action, he was captured in battle but re-turned to his regiment in a prisoner ex-change. He was promoted to major and lieu-tenant-colonel during the war. When the regiment returned to Detroit in June of 1865, Colonel Edwards was in command, and Whereas, While fighting in the Battle of the Wilderness in May 1864, Major Edwards captured a Confederate flag. The capture was recorded by the regiment historian and con-firmed by an assistant adjutant general, and the flag found its way to the archives of the War Department in Washington Capturing a Confederate battle flag was a common cri-terion for awarding the medal of honor to a soldier, and Whereas, Colonel Edwards was given the honorary promotion of ‘‘Brevet Colonel,’’ often used in recognition of gallant conduct or other meritorious service Colonel Edwards also received wide acknowledgement at Civil War reunions, as reported in newspapers, and Whereas, Colonel Albert M. Edwards has never received official recognition for his acts of patriotism and honor, now therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (The Senate Concurring), That we memorialize the Congress of the United States to award the posthumous Medal of Honor to Lieutenant- Colonel Albert M. Edwards for his actions during the Civil War, and be it further Resolved, That copies of this resolution be transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of the Michigan congressional dele-gation. POM–248. A resolution adopted by the Gen-eral Assembly of the State of New Jersey urging the United States Congress to enact S. 1112, the ‘‘Maternal Health Accountability Act of 2017’’ in order to enable states and the federal government to share responsibility in identifying opportunities for improving care, reducing disparities, and implementing sys-tem changes relating to maternal health care, and to educate health care providers, pregnant women, their families, and the pub-lic about preventing pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated complications and deaths; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. A
SSEMBLY RESOLUTION NO. 113 Whereas, The United States is ranked 50th in the world for its maternal mortality rate, and is one of eight countries in which the maternal mortality rate has been on the rise; and Whereas, Recent studies have found that the estimated maternal mortality rate in the United States increased by approximately 27 percent between 2000 and 2014, with the rate increasing in nearly every state in the coun-try; and Whereas, Maternal deaths in the United States result from pregnancy-related causes such as hemorrhage, hypertensive disease, preeclampsia, embolic disease, and sepsis, addiction-related causes such as substance use disorder and overdose, and violent causes, including motor vehicle accidents, homicide, and suicide; and Whereas, The most severe complications of pregnancy, generally referred to as severe maternal morbidity, affect more than 65,000 women in the United States each year; and Whereas, Data from the United States Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) shows African-American women are three times more likely to die from preg-nancy-related complications or childbirth than White women and women of other races; and Whereas, These statistics are a source of great concern for the CDC, health care pro-viders, and patient advocacy organizations such as the American Congress of Obstetri-cians and Gynecologists, the Association of Women’s Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses, and the Preeclampsia Foundation; and Whereas, Systemic reviews of maternal pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths are essential in determining strate-gies for developing prevention efforts, identi-fying at-risk populations, and understanding how to support expectant mothers and make pregnancy and the postpartum period safer; and Whereas, The CDC recommends that ma-ternal deaths be investigated through State maternal mortality review committees; and Whereas, The committees include obstetri-cians and neonatologists from private and public health care settings and representa-tives of relevant academic, health, social service, policy, and community-based orga-nizations, and make recommendations for preventing pregnancy-related and preg-nancy-associated complications and deaths and identifying ways to improve quality of care for women and children; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.013 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3982 June 18, 2018 
Whereas, Currently, fewer than 25 states conduct systemic reviews of maternal deaths or have standing maternal mortality review committees; and Whereas, A bill pending before the United States Congress, S. 1112, the federal ‘‘Mater-nal Health Accountability Act of 2017,’’ would require the CDC to support states and federally recognized Indian tribes and tribal organizations in saving and sustaining the health of mothers during pregnancy, child-birth, and in the postpartum period, elimi-nating disparities in maternal health out-comes, assessing the various factors that may contribute to maternal mortality, in-cluding quality of care and systemic prob-lems in the delivery of health care, identi-fying solutions to address these factors, and developing appropriate interventions to re-duce and prevent maternal deaths; and Whereas, Under the provisions of S. 1112, the CDC is required to establish a grant pro-gram through which states and federally rec-ognized Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions would receive funds to establish mater-nal mortality review committees; and Whereas, The purpose of these committees would be to collect data on pregnancy-re-lated and pregnancy-associated deaths and make recommendations on improving mater-nal health before, during, and after preg-nancy; and Whereas, The enactment of S. 1112 will en-able states and the federal government to share responsibility in identifying opportu-nities for improving care, reducing dispari-ties, and implementing system changes re-lating to maternal health care, and to edu-cate health care providers, pregnant women, their families, and the public about pre-venting pregnancy-related and pregnancy-as-sociated complications and deaths; now, therefore, be it Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey: 1. The United States Congress is respect-fully urged to enact S. 1112, the ‘‘Maternal Health Accountability Act of 2017’’ in order to enable states and the federal government to share responsibility in identifying oppor-tunities for improving care, reducing dispari-ties, and implementing system changes re-lating to maternal health care, and to edu-cate health care providers, pregnant women, their families, and the public about pre-venting pregnancy-related and pregnancy-as-sociated complications and deaths. 2. Copies of this resolution, as filed with the Secretary of State, shall be transmitted by the Clerk of the General Assembly, to the President and Vice President of the United States, the Majority and Minority Leaders of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives, and to every member of New Jersey’s congressional delegation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 2221. A bill to repeal the multi-State plan program (Rept. No. 115–277). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment: S. 186. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act to provide that any inacation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that allows a rate change to go into effect shall be treated as an order by the Commission for purposes of rehearing and court review (Rept. No. 115–278). By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–279). By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2852. A bill to reauthorize certain pro-grams under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act. By Mr. ROBERTS, from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3042. A bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY: S. 3078. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to clarify the prohibitions on making robocalls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 3079. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the appli-cation of Medicare secondary payer rules to certain workers’ compensation settlement agreements and qualified Medicare set-aside provisions; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. MURKOWSKI: S. 3080. A bill to reauthorize certain agri-cultural programs through 2023, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 3081. A bill to identify and develop best practices for the training of elementary and secondary school counselors regarding career counseling; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 3082. A bill to promote registered ap-prenticeships and other work-based learning opportunities for small and medium-sized businesses within in-demand industry sec-tors, through the establishment and support of eligible partnerships; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 3083. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to improve career and technical education opportunities for adult learners, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ): S. 3084. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to allow Mem-bers of Congress to tour detention facilities that house unaccompanied alien children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. Res. 550. A resolution congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their dominant back-to-back championship victory in the 2018 National Basketball Association Finals; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 198, a bill to require continued and en-hanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic in-cidents in Europe, the safety and secu-rity of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 203, a bill to reaffirm that the Environmental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the au-thority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States. 
S. 700 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 700, a bill to improve the reproductive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 845 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 845, a bill to protect sen-sitive community locations from harm-ful immigration enforcement action, and for other purposes. 
S. 936 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 936, a bill to designate certain National Forest System land and certain public land under the juris-diction of the Secretary of the Interior in the States of Idaho, Montana, Or-egon, Washington, and Wyoming as wilderness, wild and scenic rivers, wildland recovery areas, and biological connecting corridors, and for other purposes. 
S. 1095 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.030 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3983 June 18, 2018 
BLUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1095, a bill to ensure that the Secretary of the Interior collaborates fully with State and local authorities and certain nonprofit entities in managing the Co-rolla Wild Horse population on Federal land. 
S. 1320 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1320, a bill to reform ap-portionments to general aviation air-ports under the airport improvement program, to improve project delivery at certain airports, and to designate certain airports as disaster relief air-ports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1909 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1909, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to es-tablish a system to educate individuals approaching Medicare eligibility, to simplify and modernize the eligibility enrollment process, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1995 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1995, a bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to improve the number of small busi-ness investment companies in under-licensed States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s dis-ease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and serv-ice to the United States. 
S. 2139 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2139, a bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to address critical conservation conditions under the regional conservation partnership program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2490 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2490, a bill to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclosures. S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce devel-opment pilot program. 
S. 2821 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2821, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treat-ment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radi-ation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2864 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2864, a bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integra-tion of the Department of Homeland Security’s border security operations to detect, interdict, disrupt, and pre-vent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2937 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2937, a bill to protect children af-fected by immigration enforcement ac-tions. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2960 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2960, a bill to require health insurance for the treatment of infer-tility. 
S. 3032 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. FLAKE ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3032, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to pro-vide for a new rule regarding the appli-cation of the Act to marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 3034 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3034, a bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Develop-ment Act to reauthorize the rural busi-ness investment program, and for other purposes. 
S. 3036 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ), the Sen-ator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3036, a bill to limit the separation of families at or near ports of entry. 
S. 3042 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3042, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
S. 3047 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3047, a bill to establish a narcotic drug screening technology pilot pro-gram to combat illicit opioid importa-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 3064 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3064, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act, the Labor Man-agement Relations Act, 1947, and the Labor-Management Reporting and Dis-closure Act, 1959, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3077 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3077, a bill to provide for certain contracting requirements to promote fair and safe workplaces, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 481 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 481, a resolution calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to dismantle its labor camp sys-tem, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:16 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.019 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3984 June 18, 2018 
S. RES. 549 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 549, a resolution designating June 15, 2018, as ‘‘World Elder Abuse Awareness Day’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2854 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2854 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. 3083. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 to improve career and technical education opportunities for adult learners, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am proud to reintroduce the Career and Tech-nical Education for Adult Learners or the CTE for All Act with my colleague, Senator B
ALDWIN . Our legislation addresses the critical need to expand educational opportuni-ties for working adults with low aca-demic skills. The need for strength-ening the skills base for working adults continues to grow. Increasingly, mid-dle-skill and sustainable wage jobs re-quire education beyond high school. Yet, according to U.S. Census Bureau’s American Community Survey data, 12 percent (24 million) of working age adults have less than a high school di-ploma. Recent Department of Edu-cation data show that only 5 percent of adults with less than a high school di-ploma have any type of postsecondary certificate, certification, or license compared to 27 percent of adults over-all. Moreover, an estimated 36 million adults in the U.S. have low skills with nearly one in six having low literacy skills and one in three having low numeracy skills. Our ability to grow the economy and decrease income inequality will de-pend, in large part, on our commitment to providing education and training programs to low-skilled adults. These workers are concentrated in fields such as construction, health care, manufac-turing, and hospitality. Expanding ca-reer and technical education opportu-nities to these workers could enhance their career trajectories and strength-en their earning potential, fueling eco-nomic productivity and growth for the future. Unfortunately, according to the U.S. Department of Education, roughly half of low-skilled workers are not en-gaged in formal or non-formal learning opportunities. The CTE for All Act aims to change that by ensuring that there are pathways for adult learners in career and technical education pro-grams. Specifically, our legislation will en-sure that programs funded under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act align with adult edu-cation programs and industry sector partnerships authorized under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. The CTE for All Act requires con-sultation with the state director for adult education in the development of the statewide plan for career and tech-nical education. The bill calls for ca-reer and technical education programs to include low-skilled adults among the special populations targeted for outreach and support and allows states to report separate performance indica-tors for adult career and technical edu-cation students. The legislation makes adult education providers that offer in-tegrated education and training pro-grams eligible to receive career and technical education funding. Addition-ally, the legislation encourages career and technical education programs to include work experiences for their stu-dents of all ages. We have worked with the adult edu-cation community and other stake-holders in developing this legislation. We are pleased to have the support of the National Council of State Directors of Adult Education, the Commission on Adult Basic Education, the National Skills Coalition, and the National Coa-lition for Literacy. As a Nation, we are at our best when every person—no matter their starting point—has the opportunity to develop their skills and reach their potential. The CTE for All Act will strengthen the ladder of opportunity for adult learners who work hard every day to provide for their families. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and work with us to include these pro-visions in the reauthorization of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 550—CON-GRATULATING THE GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS FOR THEIR DOMINANT BACK-TO-BACK CHAM-PIONSHIP VICTORY IN THE 2018 NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSO-CIATION FINALS Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 550 Whereas, on June 8, 2018, the Golden State Warriors defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers by a score of 108–85, to win the 2018 National Basketball Association (referred to in the preamble as the ‘‘NBA’’) Finals in 4 games; Whereas the Golden State Warriors cap-tured their third championship in 4 years, and their sixth championship in the history of the franchise; Whereas this dominant championship vic-tory of 2018 marks the first time a profes-sional sports team from the San Francisco Bay area in California has clinched a back- to-back championship title in 28 years; Whereas every single member of the 2017– 2018 Golden State Warriors team contributed to this championship, including Jordan Bell, Chris Boucher, Quinn Cook, Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, Andre Iguodala, Damian Jones, Shaun Livingston, Kevon Looney, Patrick McCaw, JaVale McGee, ZaZa Pachulia, Klay Thompson, David West, and Nick Young; Whereas, despite capturing its third cham-pionship in 4 years, the Golden State War-riors overcame a grueling NBA season, in which the team suffered a rash of injuries both during the season and in the playoff run; Whereas Kevin Durant was named Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals for the second straight year, with 2 signature per-formances in Games 3 and 4 of the series, in-cluding scoring 43 points on the road in Cleveland, Ohio in Game 3, and registering a triple-double performance in Game 4; Whereas Steph Curry similarly registered signature performances in the NBA Finals series, in Game 2 when he scored 33 points to break the NBA Finals record for 3-pointers in a game, with 9 3-pointers made, and in Game 4 when he scored 37 points, bringing his scoring average to 27.5 points for the se-ries; Whereas Steve Kerr, Mike Brown, and the entire team of coaches and staff have been instrumental in developing the Golden State Warriors’ dynamic and record-setting style of play, and have fostered a positive, selfless team spirit; Whereas Joe Lacob and Peter Gruber have built one of the most exciting and high-per-forming franchises in NBA history; and Whereas the dedicated fan base of the Golden State Warriors has offered unrelent-ing, passionate support to the team: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Golden State War-riors for winning the 2018 National Basket-ball Association Championship, a back-to- back victory after the team’s 2017 champion-ship; (2) recognizes the historic achievements of all the players, coaches, and staff who con-tributed to the 2017–2018 season; and (3) celebrates the pride exhibited by the Golden State Warriors, including their self-less teamwork and extraordinary character, joy, determination, and hard-work. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to introduce a resolution recog-nizing—and commending—the Golden State Warriors for overcoming a bat-tle-tested season to prevail as the 2017– 2018 NBA World Champions. After going 16 and 5 in the postseason and sweeping the Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA Finals, the Warriors have become back-to-back champions for the first time in franchise history, and have won three championships in the past four years. They are now appropriately consid-ered an NBA dynasty, and can easily lay claim to being the team of this dec-ade. They are also now recognized as one of the greatest teams ever assem-bled. And what is frightening for the rest of the league, is that it appears this team is far from finished. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.021 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3985 June 18, 2018 
These playoffs helped bring out the best in these Warriors. After a tough seven game series in the NBA Western Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets, the team strung together a dominant performance in the Finals against the Cavaliers. Their brilliant performance in the finals was marked by just how beautiful this team plays. From the superstars on the team to the last person on the bench, the team ex-hibited dynamic teamwork, selfless-ness, and infectious joy. Their on-court style, which I have come to enjoy so much, is a reflection of the entire organization. I want to commend everyone who is a part of the organization—the video interns, the training staff, the owners, the coaches, the players and fans. They all deserve a tremendous amount of credit for win-ning again this year with consistency and class. Although at times it has appeared too easy for the Warriors, this season has been anything but easy. It was a season marked by constant struggle and obstacles. When starters were side-lined due to injury throughout the sea-son and playoffs, bench players stepped in and stepped up, revealing, yet again, the team’s depth and heart. And when the Warriors were pushed to the brink of elimination, they pulled together as a team and strung together two gutsy wins to make it back to the NBA Finals for the fourth straight year. It was indeed a grueling season. For four years now, they have been the ‘‘hunted’’ rather than the ‘‘hunter,’’ and absorbed the best shots from teams around the league. When things got tough throughout the season and the players and coaches could have pointed fingers at each other, this team never gave in. They kept fighting and fight-ing until they made it back to the mountain top, together. What I am equally proud of about this team is that it has been a positive force within the Bay Area community since 2012. Over the past several years, the Warriors Foundation has awarded $6.2 million in grants to support edu-cational initiatives in Alameda and San Francisco Counties. The Founda-tion, along with individual players, have also refurbished over 70 basket-ball courts throughout the Bay, cre-ating safe and beautiful places for our young people to play. They are a team that not only plays the right way on the court, but they are also a team that makes the right impact off of the court. So, to reigning two-time NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant, Steph Curry, Klay Thompson, Draymond Green, Coach Steve Kerr, Coach Brown, Joe Lacob, Peter Guber, Rick Welts, Bob Myers and all of the players, coaches, staff, family, friends and fans, I say, thank you. Thank you for making California proud both on and off the court, and congratulations on a job well-done for a second year in a row. The only question now is, ‘‘can you make it three?’’ I yield the floor. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2909. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2910. Mr. SHELBY proposed an amend-ment to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. SA 2911. Mr. ALEXANDER proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 2912. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2913. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2914. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2915. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2909. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON CERTAIN LIM-ITED REIMBURSEMENT ARRANGE-MENTS FOR USE OF MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITY BASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of modifying re-imbursement requirements for use of Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (b) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program during four fiscal years. (c) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at not more than three Major Range and Test Facility Bases and no more than one per military department. (d) W
AIVER OF FULL REIMBURSEMENT RE-
QUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the pilot program, the Secretary may, as the Secretary deter-mines in the best interest of the Department of Defense, waive the requirements of section 2681(c) of title 10, United States Code, for small and medium sized businesses and not- for-profit organizations so that such busi-nesses and organizations may reimburse the Department of Defense for use of a Major Range and Test Facility Base in amounts that only cover direct costs (as defined in section 232(b) of the Bob Stump National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (116 Stat. 2490; Public Law 107–314)) to the United States associated with such use. (2) INDIRECT COSTS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to reimbursement for indirect costs. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) P
LANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Prior to executing activi-ties under new reimbursement policies under the pilot program, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plans of the Secretary for carrying out the pilot program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include the fol-lowing: (i) A list of the specific Major Range and Test Facility Bases that will participate in the pilot program. (ii) The plans of the Secretary to carry out the pilot program. (iii) A description of any policy or practice changes that will be assessed during the pilot program. (2) R
EVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—At the end of the second fiscal year of the pilot program required by subsection (a) and not later than 30 days after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the pilot program. (B) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include the fol-lowing: (i) Recommendations for revisions to reim-bursement arrangements for testing and evaluation activities at Major Range and Test Facility Bases, if any. (ii) A review of authorities granted to com-manders of Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (iii) An evaluation of limited reimburse-ment arrangements on the Test Resources Management Center and Major Range and Test Facility Bases, including an estimate of the amounts of indirect cost reimbursements not received by each participating Major Range and Test Facility Base. (iv) An examination of the effect of limited reimbursement arrangements on the acquisi-tion lifecycle for new platforms and tech-nologies in terms of time-to-field these new capabilities and total program cost. (f) M
AJOR RANGE AND TESTFACILITY BASE D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Major Range and Test Facility Base’’ means— (1) a Major Range and Test Facility Instal-lation as defined in section 2681(f) of title 10, United States Code; and (2) a Major Range and Test Facility Base as defined in section 196(i) of such title. 
SA 2910. Mr. SHELBY proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 5895, mak-ing appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Sep 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S18JN8.REC S18JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3986 June 18, 2018 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act, 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO ACT. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as refer-ring only to the provisions of that division. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES TO REPORT. 
(a) Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in division A shall be treated as a reference to Senate Re-port 115–258. The effect of such Report shall be limited to division A and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, division A. (b) Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in division B shall be treated as a reference to Senate Re-port 115–274. The effect of such Report shall be limited to division B and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, division B. (c) Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in division C shall be treated as a reference to Senate Re-port 115–269. The effect of such Report shall be limited to division C and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, division C. DIVISION A—ENERGY AND WATER DEVEL-OPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses, namely: TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be ex-pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage re-duction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of pro-posed river and harbor, flood and storm dam-age reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construc-tion, $123,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construc-tion of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participa-tion by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selec-tion by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to con-struction); $2,161,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of con-struction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities pro-gram shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover one-half of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $350,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible oper-ation and maintenance costs for inland har-bors shall be derived from the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing secu-rity for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative build-ings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing ob-structions to navigation, $3,740,000,000, to re-main available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the spe-cial account for the Corps of Engineers es-tablished by the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, re-search, interpretation, and maintenance ac-tivities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is avail-able; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104–303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Pro- vided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field oper-ating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up con-tamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $120,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such dis-asters as authorized by law, $35,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Di-vision Engineers; and for costs of manage-ment and operation of the Humphreys Engi-neer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $193,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation pro-vided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works execu-tive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the super-vision and general administration of emer-gency operations, repairs, and other activi-ties in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not more than 75 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the As-sistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title, as des-ignated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accom-panying this Act, to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in title I of this Act, or provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or enti-ties funded in title I of this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fis-cal year 2019, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditure through a reprogram-ming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-cific activity for a different purpose, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3987 June 18, 2018 
(5) augments or reduces existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of the amounts contained in paragraphs (6) through (10), unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations; (6) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—For a base level over $100,000, reprogramming of 25 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $150,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro- vided, That for a base level less than $100,000, the reprogramming limit is $25,000: Provided further, That up to $25,000 may be repro-grammed into any continuing study or activ-ity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant admin-istrative expenses; (7) C
ONSTRUCTION .—For a base level over $2,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $3,000,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro- vided, That for a base level less than $2,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $300,000: Provided further, That up to $3,000,000 may be reprogrammed for settled contractor claims, changed conditions, or real estate de-ficiency judgments: Provided further, That up to $300,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not re-ceive an appropriation for existing obliga-tions and concomitant administrative ex-penses; (8) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE .—Unlim- ited reprogramming authority is granted for the Corps to be able to respond to emer-gencies: Provided, That the Chief of Engi-neers shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of these emergency actions as soon thereafter as practicable: Provided further, That for a base level over $1,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $5,000,000 per project, study, or activity is al-lowed: Provided further, That for a base level less than $1,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $150,000: Provided further, That $150,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropria-tion; (9) M
ISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES .— The reprogramming guidelines in paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) shall apply to the Investiga-tions, Construction, and Operation and Maintenance portions of the Mississippi River and Tributaries Account, respectively; and (10) F
ORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL AC -
TION PROGRAM .—Reprogramming of up to 15 percent of the base of the receiving project is permitted. (b) D
EMINIMUS REPROGRAMMINGS .—In no case should a reprogramming for less than $50,000 be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. (c) C
ONTINUING AUTHORITIES PROGRAM .— Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity funded under the con-tinuing authorities program. (d) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations to establish the baseline for application of reprogram-ming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year which shall include: (1) A table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if applicable, and the fiscal year en-acted level; and (2) A delineation in the table for each ap-propriation both by object class and pro-gram, project and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appro-priations; and (3) An identification of items of special congressional interest. (e) The Secretary shall allocate funds made available in this Act solely in accord-ance with the provisions of this Act and the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, including the deter-mination and designation of new starts. (f) None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to this section. SEC. 102. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. S
EC. 103. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alter-native for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341): Pro- vided, That until an open lake placement al-ternative for dredged material is approved under a State water quality certification, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material con-sistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition of buoy chain that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007, subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2). S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $898,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,398,675 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for ex-penses necessary in carrying out related re-sponsibilities of the Secretary of the Inte-rior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be ex-pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and res-toration of water and related natural re-sources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilita-tion of reclamation and other facilities, par-ticipation in fulfilling related Federal re-sponsibilities to Native Americans, and re-lated grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,382,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $67,693,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be in-creased or decreased within the overall ap-propriation under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That within available funds, $250,000 shall be for grants and financial assistance for educational activities: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same pur-poses as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be car-ried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and acquisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $62,008,000, to be derived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursuant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Reclamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and restoration payments author-ized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in- stream purposes if the water is already com-mitted to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
CALIFORNIA BAY -DELTA RESTORATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environ-mental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear per-formance measures demonstrating concur-rent progress in achieving the goals and ob-jectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, adminis-tration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and of-fices in the five regions of the Bureau of Rec-lamation, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, $61,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimburs-able as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3988 June 18, 2018 
functions budgeted as policy and administra-tion expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclama-tion shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR S
EC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in title II of this Act for Water and Related Re-sources, or provided by previous or subse-quent appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title II of this Act for Water and Related Resources that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fis-cal year 2019, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditure through a reprogram-ming of funds that— (1) initiates or creates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate; (5) transfers funds in excess of the fol-lowing limits, unless prior approval is re-ceived from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (A) 15 percent for any program, project or activity for which $2,000,000 or more is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or ac-tivity for which less than $2,000,000 is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category, unless prior approval is re-ceived from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclama-tion, more than $5,000,000 to provide ade-quate funds for settled contractor claims, in-creased contractor earnings due to acceler-ated rates of operations, and real estate defi-ciency judgments, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Oper-ation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation cat-egory. (c) For purposes of this section, the term transfer means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall sub-mit reports on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. S
EC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of dis-charge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Sec-retary of the Interior and the State of Cali-fornia of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of Cali-fornia as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and col-lected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repay-ment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or pro-viding for, drainage service or drainage stud-ies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reim-bursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy effi-ciency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $2,322,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $162,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direc-tion. C
YBERSECURITY , ENERGY SECRUITY , AND E
MERGENCY RESPONSE  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy sector cybersecurity, energy security, emergency response, and electricity delivery activities in carrying out the purposes of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any fa-cility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $260,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $28,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for pro-gram direction. N
UCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,206,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $80,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for pro-gram direction. F
OSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the au-thority of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defea-sible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facil-ity acquisition or expansion, and for con-ducting inquiries, technological investiga-tions and research concerning the extrac-tion, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $727,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $61,070,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. NAVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not- withstanding any other provision of law, un-obligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities. S
TRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facil-ity development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $175,105,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That, as authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $350,000,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve in fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘‘Energy Se-curity and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’’ during fiscal year 2019: Provided fur-ther, That such amounts shall be made avail-able and remain available until expended for necessary expenses to carry out the Life Ex-tension II project for the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve. SPR P
ETROLEUM ACCOUNT  For the acquisition, transportation, and injection of petroleum products, and for other necessary expenses pursuant to the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975, as amended (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), sections 403 and 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6241, 6239 note), and section 5010 of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114– 255), $8,400,000, to remain available until ex-pended. N
ORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Re-serve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. E
NERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $125,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. N
ON-DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for non-defense en-vironmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or ex-pansion, $353,240,000, to remain available until expended. U
RANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  D
ECOMMISSIONING FUND For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out uranium enrichment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3989 June 18, 2018 
facility decontamination and decommis-sioning, remedial actions, and other activi-ties of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $840,818,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment Decontamina-tion and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $10,689,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. S
CIENCE  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activi-ties in carrying out the purposes of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or fa-cility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 16 passenger motor vehicles including one ambulance and one bus, and one airplane for replacement only, $6,650,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $184,000,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for program direction. A
DVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY — E
NERGY  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary in carrying out the activities author-ized by section 5012 of the America COM-PETES Act (Public Law 110–69), $375,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $33,250,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for pro-gram direction. T
ITLE 17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN G
UARANTEE PROGRAM  Such sums as are derived from amounts re-ceived from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses of the Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guar-antee Program, as authorized, $33,000,000 is appropriated, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided further, That up to $33,000,000 of fees collected in fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 shall be credited as offset-ting collections under this heading and used for necessary administrative expenses in this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That to the extent that fees collected in fis-cal year 2019 exceed $33,000,000, those excess amounts shall be credited as offsetting col-lections under this heading and available in future fiscal years only to the extent pro-vided in advance in appropriations Acts: Pro- vided further, That the sum herein appro-priated from the general fund shall be re-duced (1) as such fees are received during fis-cal year 2019 (estimated at $15,000,000) and (2) to the extent that any remaining general fund appropriations can be derived from fees collected in previous fiscal years that are not otherwise appropriated, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund estimated at $0: Provided further, That the Department of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other financing in violation of section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obligation to any loan or other debt obligations in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. A
DVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  M
ANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Ad-vanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. TRIBAL ENERGY LOANGUARANTEE PROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Trib-al Energy Loan Guarantee Program, $1,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. O
FFICE OF INDIAN ENERGY POLICY AND  P
ROGRAMS  For necessary expenses for Indian Energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $18,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That, of the amount appropriated under this heading, $4,800,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020 for program direction. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  For salaries and expenses of the Depart-ment of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $266,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020, in-cluding the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $30,000, plus such addi-tional amounts as necessary to cover in-creases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwithstanding the provi-sions of the Anti-Deficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided fur-ther, That moneys received by the Depart-ment for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $96,000,000 in fiscal year 2019 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $170,000,000. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $51,330,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION W
EAPONS ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $10,850,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $102,022,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direc-tion. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for de-fense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $1,902,000,000, to remain available until expended. NAVAL REACTORS  For Department of Energy expenses nec-essary for naval reactors activities to carry out the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition (by purchase, condemnation, con-struction, or otherwise) of real property, plant, and capital equipment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,620,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $48,042,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direc-tion. F
EDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for Federal Sala-ries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $408,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020, in-cluding official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $12,000. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES D
EFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $5,988,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $300,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direc-tion. O
THER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, in-cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classi-fied activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $840,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $288,396,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, for program direction. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS B
ONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454, are approved for offi-cial reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fiscal year 2019, no new direct loan obligations may be made. O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancil-lary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $6,500,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $6,500,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of fund-ing the annual expenses of the Southeastern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3990 June 18, 2018 
Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual ex-penses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation esti-mated at not more than $0: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $55,000,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual ex-penses means expenditures that are gen-erally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , S
OUTHWESTERN POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of trans-mission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representa-tion expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $29,802,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $19,402,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Admin-istration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to re-main available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appro-priated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $10,400,000: Provided further, That notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $10,000,000 col-lected by the Southwestern Power Adminis-tration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expendi-tures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (ex-cluding purchase power and wheeling ex-penses). C
ONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , WESTERN AREA POWER  A
DMINISTRATION  For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of August 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other re-lated activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $222,142,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $220,000,000 shall be derived from the Department of the Interior Rec-lamation Fund: Provided, That notwith-standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and sec-tion 1 of the Interior Department Appropria-tion Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $132,770,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collec-tions, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual ex-penses of the Western Area Power Adminis-tration: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $89,372,000, of which $89,000,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $180,000,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclama-tion Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual ex-penses means expenditures that are gen-erally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). FALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  M
AINTENANCE FUND For operation, maintenance, and emer-gency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Falcon and Amistad Dams, $5,207,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Oper-ating and Maintenance Fund of the Western Area Power Administration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That notwithstanding the pro-visions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $4,979,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Falcon and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this ac-count as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associated Western Area Power Adminis-tration activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, an-nual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may ac-cept up to $122,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Fal-con and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the purpose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided fur-ther, That any such funds shall be available without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commis-sioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commis-sion for the sole purpose of operating, main-taining, repairing, rehabilitating, replacing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Com-missioner, and the power customers. F
EDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $369,900,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $369,900,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2019 shall be retained and used for expenses nec-essary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2019 so as to re-sult in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY SEC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or au-thority made available by this title for the Department of Energy shall be used to ini-tiate or resume any program, project, or ac-tivity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (includ-ing Requests for Quotations, Requests for In-formation, and Funding Opportunity An-nouncements) for a program, project, or ac-tivity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Congress. (b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full busi-ness days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discre-tionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract cov-ered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) issue a letter of intent to make an allo-cation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or (D) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the con-clusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appro-priated, the account and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief de-scription of the activity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or ac-tivity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘De-partment of Energy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress at least 3 days in advance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘FY 2019 Senate’’ column in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3991 June 18, 2018 
the ‘‘Department of Energy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of Energy’’ in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act. (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify, and obtain the prior approval of, the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogram-ming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to increase or de-crease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period cov-ered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a pro-gram, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activ-ity by this Act. (g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this sec-tion that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or re-striction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under para-graph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall in-clude an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. (h) The unexpended balances of prior ap-propriations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropria-tion accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. S
EC. 302. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activi-ties are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2019 until the enact-ment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. S
EC. 303. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical decision-2 or critical decision-3 under De-partment of Energy Order 413.3B, or any suc-cessive departmental guidance, for construc-tion projects where the total project cost ex-ceeds $100,000,000, until a separate inde-pendent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. S
EC. 304. (a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
FFECTED INDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘af-fected Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). (2) H
IGH-LEVEL RADIOACTIVE WASTE .—The term ‘‘high-level radioactive waste’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). (3) N
UCLEAR WASTE FUND .—The term ‘‘Nu-clear Waste Fund’’ means the Nuclear Waste Fund established under section 302(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(c)). (4) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. (5) S
PENT NUCLEAR FUEL .—The term ‘‘spent nuclear fuel’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Pol-icy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101). (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Notwithstanding any provision of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101 et seq.), the Secretary is authorized, in the current fiscal year and subsequent fiscal years, to conduct a pilot program to license, construct, and operate 1 or more Federal consolidated storage facili-ties to provide interim storage as needed for spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste, with priority for storage given to spent nuclear fuel located on sites without an operating nuclear reactor. (c) R
EQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals for cooperative agreements— (1) to obtain any license necessary from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the construction of 1 or more consolidated stor-age facilities; (2) to demonstrate the safe transportation of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radio-active waste, as applicable; and (3) to demonstrate the safe storage of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste, as applicable, at the 1 or more con-solidated storage facilities pending the con-struction and operation of deep geologic dis-posal capacity for the permanent disposal of the spent nuclear fuel. (d) C
ONSENT -BASED APPROVAL .—Prior to siting a consolidated storage facility pursu-ant to this section, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement to host the facility with— (1) the Governor of the State; (2) each unit of local government within the jurisdiction of which the facility is pro-posed to be located; and (3) each affected Indian tribe. (e) A
PPLICABILITY .—In executing this sec-tion, the Secretary shall comply with— (1) all licensing requirements and regula-tions of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; and (2) all other applicable laws (including reg-ulations). (f) P
ILOT PROGRAM PLAN.—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Sec-retary issues the request for proposals under subsection (c), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a plan to carry out this section that includes— (1) an estimate of the cost of licensing, constructing, and operating a consolidated storage facility, including the transportation costs, on an annual basis, over the expected lifetime of the facility; (2) a schedule for— (A) obtaining any license necessary to con-struct and operate a consolidated storage fa-cility from the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion; (B) constructing the facility; (C) transporting spent fuel to the facility; and (D) removing the spent fuel and decommis-sioning the facility; (3) an estimate of the cost of any financial assistance, compensation, or incentives pro-posed to be paid to the host State, Indian tribe, or local government; (4) an estimate of any future reductions in the damages expected to be paid by the United States for the delay of the Depart-ment of Energy in accepting spent fuel ex-pected to result from the pilot program; (5) recommendations for any additional legislation needed to authorize and imple-ment the pilot program; and (6) recommendations for a mechanism to ensure that any spent nuclear fuel or high- level radioactive waste stored at a consoli-dated storage facility pursuant to this sec-tion shall move to deep geologic disposal ca-pacity, following a consent-based approval process for that deep geologic disposal capac-ity consistent with subsection (d), within a reasonable time after the issuance of a li-cense to construct and operate the consoli-dated storage facility. (g) PUBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Prior to choos-ing a site for the construction of a consoli-dated storage facility under this section, the Secretary shall conduct 1 or more public hearings in the vicinity of each potential site and in at least 1 other location within the State in which the site is located to so-licit public comments and recommendations. (h) U
SE OF NUCLEAR WASTE FUND.—The Secretary may make expenditures from the Nuclear Waste Fund to carry out this sec-tion, subject to appropriations. TITLE IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
PPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the programs authorized by the Appalachian Re-gional Development Act of 1965, and for ex-penses necessary for the Federal Co-Chair-man and the Alternate on the Appalachian Regional Commission, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, including services as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of pas-senger motor vehicles, $155,000,000, to remain available until expended. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100– 456, section 1441, $31,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020. D
ELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Delta Re-gional Authority and to carry out its activi-ties, as authorized by the Delta Regional Au-thority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $25,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
ENALI COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Denali Commission including the purchase, con-struction, and acquisition of plant and cap-ital equipment as necessary and other ex-penses, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwithstanding the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for construction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed commu-nities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106– 113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for non-distressed com-munities: Provided further, That notwith-standing any other provision of law regard-ing payment of a non-Federal share in con-nection with a grant-in-aid program, amounts under this heading shall be avail-able for the payment of such a non-Federal share for programs undertaken to carry out the purposes of the Commission. N
ORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Northern Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administra-tive expenses, notwithstanding section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3992 June 18, 2018 
15751(b) of title 40, United States Code: Pro- vided further, That during fiscal year 2019, the duties and authority of the Federal Co-chairperson shall be assumed by the North-ern Border Regional Commission Program Director if the position of the Federal Co-chairperson and Alternate Federal Cochair-person is vacant. N
UCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $898,350,000, including of-ficial representation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $9,500,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other sup-port costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which, notwithstanding section 201(a)(2)(c) of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a majority vote of the Commission: Provided further, That reve- nues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $794,218,500 in fiscal year 2019 shall be re-tained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $104,131,500: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for university research and development in areas relevant to the Commission’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and Engineering Grant Program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with pro-grammatic missions but are critical to main-taining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,609,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,355,000 in fiscal year 2019 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2020, for necessary salaries and expenses in this ac-count, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,254,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this head-ing, $1,103,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. N
UCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as author-ized by Public Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES S
EC. 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of Chapter VI of its Internal Com-mission Procedures when responding to Con-gressional requests for information. SEC. 402. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Com-mission shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any pro-gram funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b)(1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in subsection (a) if compliance with such re-quirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of any waiv-er under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or re-striction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to pro-grams, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion—Salaries and Expenses’’ shall be ex-pended as directed in the report of the Com-mittee on Appropriations accompanying this Act. (d) None of the funds provided for the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission shall be avail-able for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or ac-tivity for which funds are denied or re-stricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a month-ly report to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress, which in-cludes the following for each program, project, or activity, including any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to com-municate to Members of Congress as de-scribed in 18 U.S.C. 1913. S
EC. 502. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in title III of this Act may be trans-ferred to any department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the re-port of the Committee on Appropriations ac-companying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fis-cal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a semiannual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any author-ity whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year-to- date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or modify existing notification requirements for each authority. SEC. 503. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I LEGISLATIVE BRANCH SENATE E
XPENSE ALLOWANCES  For expense allowances of the Vice Presi-dent, $18,760; the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, $37,520; Majority Leader of the Senate, $39,920; Minority Leader of the Sen-ate, $39,920; Majority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; Minority Whip of the Senate, $9,980; President Pro Tempore Emeritus, $15,000; Chairmen of the Majority and Minority Con-ference Committees, $4,690 for each Chair-man; and Chairmen of the Majority and Mi-nority Policy Committees, $4,690 for each Chairman; in all, $189,840. For representation allowances of the Ma-jority and Minority Leaders of the Senate, $14,070 for each such Leader; in all, $28,140 . S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation of officers, employees, and others as authorized by law, including agency contributions, $205,376,812, which shall be paid from this appropriation as fol-lows: 
OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENT  For the Office of the Vice President, $2,417,248. 
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE  For the Office of the President Pro Tem-pore, $723,466. 
OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE  
EMERITUS  For the Office of the President Pro Tem-pore Emeritus, $309,000. 
OFFICES OF THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY  
LEADERS  For Offices of the Majority and Minority Leaders, $5,255,576. 
OFFICES OF THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY WHIPS  For Offices of the Majority and Minority Whips, $3,359,424. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3993 June 18, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries of the Committee on Appro-priations, $15,142,000. 
CONFERENCE COMMITTEES  For the Conference of the Majority and the Conference of the Minority, at rates of com-pensation to be fixed by the Chairman of each such committee, $1,658,000 for each such committee; in all, $3,316,000. 
OFFICES OF THE SECRETARIES OF THE CON -
FERENCE OF THE MAJORITY AND THE CON -
FERENCE OF THE MINORITY  For Offices of the Secretaries of the Con-ference of the Majority and the Conference of the Minority, $817,402. 
POLICY COMMITTEES  For salaries of the Majority Policy Com-mittee and the Minority Policy Committee, $1,692,905 for each such committee; in all, $3,385,810. 
OFFICE OF THE CHAPLAIN  For Office of the Chaplain, $461,886. 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  For Office of the Secretary, $25,783,000. 
OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT AT ARMS AND  
DOORKEEPER  For Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper, $82,684,000. 
OFFICES OF THE SECRETARIES FOR THE  
MAJORITY AND MINORITY  For Offices of the Secretary for the Major-ity and the Secretary for the Minority, $1,810,000. 
AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS AND RELATED  
EXPENSES  For agency contributions for employee benefits, as authorized by law, and related expenses, $59,912,000. O
FFICE OF THE LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL OF THE  S
ENATE  For salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the Senate, $6,115,000. O
FFICE OF SENATE LEGAL COUNSEL  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Senate Legal Counsel, $1,147,000. E
XPENSE ALLOWANCES OF THE SECRETARY OF  
THESENATE , SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOOR-
KEEPER OF THE SENATE , AND SECRETARIES  
FOR THE MAJORITY AND MINORITY OF THE  S
ENATE  For expense allowances of the Secretary of the Senate, $7,110; Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate, $7,110; Secretary for the Majority of the Senate, $7,110; Sec-retary for the Minority of the Senate, $7,110; in all, $28,440. C
ONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE SENATE  
INQUIRIES AND INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses of inquiries and investiga-tions ordered by the Senate, or conducted under paragraph 1 of rule XXVI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, section 112 of the Supplemental Appropriations and Rescission Act, 1980 (Public Law 96–304), and Senate Resolution 281, 96th Congress, agreed to March 11, 1980, $133,265,000, of which $26,650,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021. 
U.S. SENATE CAUCUS ON INTERNATIONAL  
NARCOTICS CONTROL  For expenses of the United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control, $508,000. 
SECRETARY OF THE SENATE  For expenses of the Office of the Secretary of the Senate, $10,036,000 of which $6,436,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023 and of which $3,600,000 shall remain available until expended. SERGEANT AT ARMS AND DOORKEEPER OF THE  
SENATE  For expenses of the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate, $126,595,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2023. 
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS  For miscellaneous items, $20,870,849 which shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
SENATORS ’ OFFICIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE  
EXPENSE ACCOUNT  For Senators’ Official Personnel and Office Expense Account, $429,000,000 of which $20,128,950 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021 and of which $5,000,000 shall be allocated solely for the purpose of pro-viding financial compensation to Senate in-terns. 
OFFICIAL MAIL COSTS  For expenses necessary for official mail costs of the Senate, $300,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAINING IN SENATORS ’ 
OFFICIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE EXPENSE  
ACCOUNT TO BE USED FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION  
OR TO REDUCE THE FEDERAL DEBT  S
EC. 101. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act under the heading ‘‘SENATE’’ under the heading ‘‘C
ONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE  S
ENATE ’’ under the heading ‘‘ SENATORS ’ OFFI-
CIAL PERSONNEL AND OFFICE EXPENSE AC -
COUNT ’’ shall be available for obligation only during the fiscal year or fiscal years for which such amounts are made available. Any unexpended balances under such allowances remaining after the end of the period of availability shall be returned to the Treas-ury in accordance with the undesignated paragraph under the center heading ‘‘GEN-ERAL PROVISION’’ under chapter XI of the Third Supplemental Appropriation Act, 1957 (2 U.S.C. 4107) and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for re-ducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers ap-propriate). 
ADJUSTMENTS TO COMPENSATION  S
EC. 102. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no adjustment shall be made under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relat-ing to cost of living adjustments for Mem-bers of Congress) during fiscal year 2019. 
FILING BY SENATE CANDIDATES WITH  
COMMISSION  S
EC. 103. Section 302(g) of the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30102(g)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) F
ILING WITH THE COMMISSION .—All des- ignations, statements, and reports required to be filed under this Act shall be filed with the Commission.’’. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the House of Representatives, $1,232,893,035, as follows: H
OUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES  For salaries and expenses, as authorized by law, $25,378,875, including: Office of the Speaker, $7,123,634, including $25,000 for offi-cial expenses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,642,739, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,751,946, including $10,000 for official ex-penses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $2,197,163, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Majority Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,700,079, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Minority Whip; Republican Conference, $2,186,819; Democratic Caucus, $1,776,495: Provided, That such amount for salaries and expenses shall remain available from January 3, 2019 until January 2, 2020. MEMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  I
NCLUDING MEMBERS ’ CLERK HIRE, OFFICIAL  E
XPENSES OF MEMBERS , ANDOFFICIAL MAIL For Members’ representational allowances, including Members’ clerk hire, official ex-penses, and official mail, $573,630,000. C
OMMITTEE EMPLOYEES  S
TANDING COMMITTEES , SPECIAL AND SELECT  For salaries and expenses of standing com-mittees, special and select, authorized by House resolutions, $127,903,173: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2020, except that $4,000,000 of such amount shall remain available until expended for committee room upgrading. C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries and expenses of the Com-mittee on Appropriations, $23,112,971, includ-ing studies and examinations of executive agencies and temporary personal services for such committee, to be expended in accord-ance with section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and to be avail-able for reimbursement to agencies for serv-ices performed: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2020. S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation and expenses of officers and employees, as authorized by law, $218,345,000, including: for salaries and ex-penses of the Office of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Histo-rian, and including not more than $25,000 for official representation and reception ex-penses, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Office of the Chaplain, $28,305,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Ser-geant at Arms, including the position of Su-perintendent of Garages and the Office of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $18,773,000 of which $5,524,000 shall remain available until ex-pended; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer in-cluding not more than $3,000 for official rep-resentation and reception expenses, $148,058,000, of which $11,631,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and ex-penses of the Office of the Inspector General, $5,019,000; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of General Counsel, $1,502,000; for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of the Parlia-mentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representa-tion and reception expenses, $2,026,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,327,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $9,937,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, $814,000; for other authorized employees, $584,000. A
LLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  For allowances and expenses as authorized by House resolution or law, $264,293,016, in-cluding: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $525,016; offi-cial mail for committees, leadership offices, and administrative offices of the House, $190,000; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Security, and other applicable employee benefits, $239,000,000, to remain available until March 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3994 June 18, 2018 
31, 2020; Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, $16,186,000 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $3,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended; Wounded Warrior Program $3,000,000, to remain available until expended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,670,000; and mis-cellaneous items including purchase, ex-change, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, interparliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of de-ceased employees of the House, $722,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAINING IN MEMBERS ’ 
REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES TO BE USED  
FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION OR TO REDUCE THE  
FEDERAL DEBT  S
EC. 110. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES—S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES — M
EMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ shall be available only for fiscal year 2019. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2019 shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such pay-ments have been made, for reducing the Fed-eral debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee on House Administration of the House of Rep-resentatives shall have authority to pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section. (c) D
EFINITION .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘Member of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
DELIVERY OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS  S
EC. 111. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolution to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Dele-gate or Resident Commissioner to the Con-gress) unless the Member requests a copy. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  S
EC. 112. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of any version of the Congres-sional Record to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
LIMITATION ON AMOUNT AVAILABLE TO LEASE  
VEHICLES  S
EC. 113. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Chief Admin-istrative Officer of the House of Representa-tives to make any payments from any Mem-bers’ Representational Allowance for the leasing of a vehicle, excluding mobile dis-trict offices, in an aggregate amount that ex-ceeds $1,000 for the vehicle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
HOUSE  S
EC. 114. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in any fiscal year may be to provide an aggregate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Represent-atives. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DELIVERY OF REPORTS OF DISBURSEMENTS  S
EC. 115. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Represent-atives under section 106 of the House of Rep-resentatives Administration Reform Tech-nical Corrections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Rep-resentatives (including a Delegate or Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress). (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. DELIVERY OF DAILY CALENDAR  S
EC. 116. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in any fiscal year may be used to deliver to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Calendar of the House of Representatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL PICTORIAL  
DIRECTORY  S
EC. 117. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Directory to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Dele-gate or Resident Commissioner to the Con-gress). (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FORMER  
SPEAKERS  S
EC. 118. (a) R EPEAL OF AUTHORIZATIONS  
FOROFFICE SPACE , OFFICE EXPENSES , FRANK -
ING AND PRINTING PRIVILEGES , AND STAFF .— The first section and sections 2, 4, 5, and 8 of House Resolution 1238, Ninety-first Congress, agreed to December 22, 1970 (as enacted into permanent law by chapter VIII of the Sup-plemental Appropriations Act, 1971) (2 U.S.C. 5125(a), 5126, 5127, 5128, and 5129) are repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of the first section of Public Law 93–532 (2 U.S.C. 5125(b)) is repealed. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to any individual who serves as a Represent-ative in Congress during the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress or any succeeding Con-gress. 
ADJUSTMENTS TO COMPENSATION  S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no adjustment shall be made under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relat-ing to cost of living adjustments for Mem-bers of Congress) during fiscal year 2019. 
TRANSFER AUTHORITY  S
EC. 120. (a) A UTHORITY TOMAKE TRANS -
FERS AMONG HOUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES .— Section 101 of the Legislative Branch Appro-priations Act, 1993 (2 U.S.C. 5507) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) Amounts appropriated for any fiscal year for the House of Representatives under the heading ‘House Leadership Offices’ may be transferred among and merged with the various offices and activities under such heading, effective upon the expiration of the 21-day period (or such alternative period that may be imposed by the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives) which begins on the date such Committee has been notified of the transfer.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. JOINT ITEMS For Joint Committees, as follows: JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Eco-nomic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Committee on Taxation, $11,169,000, to be dis-bursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. For other joint items, as follows: O
FFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  For medical supplies, equipment, and con-tingent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his as-sistants, including: (1) an allowance of $2,175 per month to the Attending Physician; (2) an allowance of $1,300 per month to the Senior Medical Officer; (3) an allowance of $725 per month each to three medical officers while on duty in the Office of the Attending Physician; (4) an allowance of $725 per month to 2 as-sistants and $580 per month each not to ex-ceed 11 assistants on the basis heretofore provided for such assistants; and (5) $2,740,000 for reimbursement to the De-partment of the Navy for expenses incurred for staff and equipment assigned to the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, which shall be advanced and credited to the applicable appropriation or appropriations from which such salaries, allowances, and other expenses are payable and shall be available for all the purposes thereof, $3,798,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCESSIBILITY  S
ERVICES  S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,486,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. CAPITOL POLICE S
ALARIES  For salaries of employees of the Capitol Police, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retirement, social security, profes-sional liability insurance, and other applica-ble employee benefits, $371,483,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $43,668,000 unless the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate are notified, to be dis-bursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. G
ENERAL EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Capitol Po-lice, including motor vehicles, communica-tions and other equipment, security equip-ment and installation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical serv-ices, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the em-ployee assistance program, the awards pro-gram, postage, communication services, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certifi-cation of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $81,554,000, to be dis-bursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2019 shall be paid by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from funds available to the Department of Homeland Security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3995 June 18, 2018 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $6,332,670, of which $900,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not more than $500 may be expended on the certification of the Exec-utive Director of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception expenses. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses necessary for op-eration of the Congressional Budget Office, including not more than $6,000 to be ex-pended on the certification of the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in connec-tion with official representation and recep-tion expenses, $50,295,000. ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL C
APITAL CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS  For salaries for the Architect of the Cap-itol, and other personal services, at rates of pay provided by law; for all necessary ex-penses for surveys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connection with facilities and ac-tivities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Botanic Garden; electrical substations of the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facili-ties under the jurisdiction of the Architect of the Capitol; including furnishings and of-fice equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses, to be expended as the Archi-tect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $101,381,903. C
APITOL BUILDING  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol, $39,318,335, of which $12,981,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. C
APITOL GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for care and im-provement of grounds surrounding the Cap-itol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $16,160,439, of which $5,019,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. H
OUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $187,098,000, of which $127,552,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renovation of the Cannon House Office Building; Provided, That of the amount made available under this heading, $7,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the House Office Building Fund established under section 176(d) of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2017, as added by section 101(3) of the Further Continuing Appropriation Act, 2017 (Public Law 114–254; 2 U.S.C. 2001 note). In addition, for a payment to the House Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. S
ENATE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of Senate office buildings; and furniture and furnishings to be expended under the control and super-vision of the Architect of the Capitol, $92,918,081, of which $31,162,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. C
APITOL POWER PLANT  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (in-cluding the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Garden, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrigeration not sup-plied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Publishing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heat-ing and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Sta-tion complex, the Thurgood Marshall Fed-eral Judiciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon re-quest of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be deposited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropria-tion, $97,827,258, of which $15,286,617 shall re-main available until September 30, 2023: Pro- vided, That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this ap-propriation as herein provided shall be avail-able for obligation during fiscal year 2019. LIBRARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for the mechan-ical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $64,125,666, of which $36,254,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. C
APITOL POLICE BUILDINGS , GROUNDS AND  S
ECURITY  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever lo-cated, the Alternate Computing Facility, and Architect of the Capitol security oper-ations, $54,680,047, of which $28,777,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. B
OTANIC GARDEN  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Botanic Garden and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, maintenance, repair, and operation of a pas-senger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $14,559,589, of which $3,559,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and expend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the National Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. C
APITOL VISITOR CENTER  For all necessary expenses for the oper-ation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $23,054,946. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
NO BONUSES FOR CONTRACTORS BEHIND  
SCHEDULE OR OVER BUDGET  S
EC. 140. None of the funds made available in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award pay-ments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is be-hind schedule or over budget, unless the Ar-chitect of the Capitol, or agency-employed designee, determines that any such devi-ations are due to unforeseeable events, gov-ernment-driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
SCRIMS  S
EC. 141. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for scrims con-taining photographs of building facades dur-ing restoration or construction projects per-formed by the Architect of the Capitol. LIBRARY OF CONGRESS SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Library of Congress not otherwise provided for, in-cluding development and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Library buildings; special cloth-ing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uni-forms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and main-tenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publications of the Library; hire or purchase of one passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board not properly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $474,429,000, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2019, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chapter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150): Provided, That the Library of Congress may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under the Act of June 28, 1902, in excess of the amount au-thorized for obligation or expenditure in ap-propriations Acts: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collec-tions are less than $6,000,000: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representation and reception expenses for the Overseas Field Of-fices: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $8,855,000 shall remain available until expended for the digital col-lections and educational curricula program: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $1,318,000 shall remain avail-able until expended for upgrade of the Legis-lative Branch Financial Management Sys-tem. C
OPYRIGHT OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Copy-right Office, $92,462,000, of which not more than $39,218,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2019 under section 708(d) of title 17, United States Code: Provided, That the Copy-right Office may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under such section, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropria-tions Acts: Provided further, That not more than $6,272,000 shall be derived from collec-tions during fiscal year 2019 under sections 111(d)(2), 119(b)(3), 803(e), 1005, and 1316 of such title: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be re-duced by the amount by which collections are less than $45,490,000: Provided further, That $4,328,000 shall be derived from prior year unobligated balances: Provided further, That not more than $100,000 of the amount appropriated is available for the mainte-nance of an ‘‘International Copyright Insti-tute’’ in the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress for the purpose of training na-tionals of developing countries in intellec-tual property laws and policies: Provided fur-ther, That not more than $6,500 may be ex-pended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official rep-resentation and reception expenses for ac-tivities of the International Copyright Insti-tute and for copyright delegations, visitors, and seminars: Provided further, That, not-withstanding any provision of chapter 8 of title 17, United States Code, any amounts made available under this heading which are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3996 June 18, 2018 
attributable to royalty fees and payments received by the Copyright Office pursuant to sections 111, 119, and chapter 10 of such title may be used for the costs incurred in the ad-ministration of the Copyright Royalty Judges program, with the exception of the costs of salaries and benefits for the Copy-right Royalty Judges and staff under section 802(e). C
ONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitu-tion of the United States of America, $123,828,000: Provided, That no part of such amount may be used to pay any salary or ex-pense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publi-cation has obtained prior approval of either the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives or the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration of the Senate: Provided further, That this prohibi-tion does not apply to publication of non- confidential Congressional Research Service (CRS) products: Provided further, That a non- confidential CRS product includes any writ-ten product containing research or analysis that is currently available for general con-gressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet, or that would be made available on the CRS Congressional Intranet in the nor-mal course of business and does not include material prepared in response to Congres-sional requests for confidential analysis or research. B
OOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  H
ANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $52,521,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handi-capped residents at no cost to the individual. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REIMBURSABLE AND REVOLVING FUND  
ACTIVITIES  S
EC. 150. (a) I NGENERAL .—For fiscal year 2019, the obligational authority of the Li-brary of Congress for the activities described in subsection (b) may not exceed $194,608,000. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities referred to in subsection (a) are reimbursable and re-volving fund activities that are funded from sources other than appropriations to the Li-brary in appropriations Acts for the legisla-tive branch. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE C
ONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For authorized publishing of congressional information and the distribution of congres-sional information in any format; publishing of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Con-gress; and publishing, and distribution of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the re-cipient, $79,000,000: Provided, That this appro-priation shall not be available for paper cop-ies of the permanent edition of the Congres-sional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Delegates au-thorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That this ap-propriation shall be available for the pay-ment of obligations incurred under the ap-propriations for similar purposes for pre-ceding fiscal years: Provided further, That notwithstanding the 2-year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27-month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publica-tion is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That unobligated or unexpended balances of ex-pired discretionary funds made available under this heading in this Act for this fiscal year may be transferred to, and merged with, funds under the heading ‘‘Government Pub-lishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund’’ no later than the end of the fifth fis-cal year after the last fiscal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which appropriated, to be available for car-rying out the purposes of this heading, sub-ject to the approval of the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That not- withstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Con-gressional Record on only a monthly and ses-sion basis. PUBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  S
UPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of the public information pro-grams of the Office of Superintendent of Documents necessary to provide for the cata-loging and indexing of Government publica-tions and their distribution to the public, Members of Congress, other Government agencies, and designated depository and international exchange libraries as author-ized by law, $32,000,000: Provided, That amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congres-sional serial sets and other related publica-tions for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 to deposi-tory and other designated libraries: Provided further, That unobligated or unexpended bal-ances of expired discretionary funds made available under this heading in this Act for this fiscal year may be transferred to, and merged with, funds under the heading ‘‘Gov-ernment Publishing Office Business Oper-ations Revolving Fund’’ no later than the end of the fifth fiscal year after the last fis-cal year for which such funds are available for the purposes for which appropriated, to be available for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. G
OVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE BUSINESS  O
PERATIONS REVOLVING FUND For payment to the Government Pub-lishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund, $6,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for information technology develop-ment and facilities repair: Provided, That the Government Publishing Office is hereby au-thorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accord-ance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the cur-rent fiscal year for the Government Pub-lishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund: Provided further, That not more than $7,500 may be expended on the certification of the Director of the Government Pub-lishing Office in connection with official rep-resentation and reception expenses: Provided further, That the Business Operations Re-volving Fund shall be available for the hire or purchase of not more than 12 passenger motor vehicles: Provided further, That ex- penditures in connection with travel ex-penses of the advisory councils to the Direc-tor of the Government Publishing Office shall be deemed necessary to carry out the provisions of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That the Business Oper-ations Revolving Fund shall be available for temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5316 of such title: Provided further, That activities financed through the Business Operations Revolving Fund may provide information in any format: Provided further, That the Business Operations Re-volving Fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Information Programs of the Superintendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at Government Publishing Office’s passport facility in the District of Columbia. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Government Accountability Office, including not more than $12,500 to be expended on the certifi-cation of the Comptroller General of the United States in connection with official representation and reception expenses; tem-porary or intermittent services under sec-tion 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title; hire of one passenger motor vehicle; advance payments in foreign countries in accordance with section 3324 of title 31, United States Code; benefits comparable to those payable under sections 901(5), (6), and (8) of the For-eign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(5), (6), and (8)); and under regulations prescribed by the Comptroller General of the United States, rental of living quarters in foreign countries, $589,749,653: Provided further, That, in addition, $35,900,000 of payments received under sections 782, 791, 3521, and 9105 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided fur-ther, That this appropriation and appropria-tions for administrative expenses of any other department or agency which is a mem-ber of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental Audit Forum shall be available to finance an appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as determined by the respective Forum, includ-ing necessary travel expenses of non-Federal participants: Provided further, That pay-ments hereunder to the Forum may be cred-ited as reimbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially fi-nanced. OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND For a payment to the Open World Leader-ship Center Trust Fund for financing activi-ties of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,600,000: Provided, That funds made avail-able to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engaging in free mar-ket development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3997 June 18, 2018 
JOHN C. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT For payment to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. TITLE II GENERAL PROVISIONS 
MAINTENANCE AND CARE OF PRIVATE VEHICLES  S
EC. 201. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emer-gency assistance and cleaning as may be pro-vided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Adminis-tration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION  S
EC. 202. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond fiscal year 2019 unless expressly so provided in this Act. 
RATES OF COMPENSATION AND DESIGNATION  S
EC. 203. Whenever in this Act any office or position not specifically established by the Legislative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of com-pensation or designation of any office or po-sition appropriated for is different from that specifically established by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the permanent law with respect thereto: Provided, That the provisions in this Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the perma-nent law with respect thereto. 
CONSULTING SERVICES  S
EC. 204. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract, under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued under existing law. 
COSTS OF LBFMC  S
EC. 205. Amounts available for adminis-trative expenses of any legislative branch entity which participates in the Legislative Branch Financial Managers Council (LBFMC) established by charter on March 26, 1996, shall be available to finance an appro-priate share of LBFMC costs as determined by the LBFMC, except that the total LBFMC costs to be shared among all participating legislative branch entities (in such alloca-tions among the entities as the entities may determine) may not exceed $2,000. 
LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS  S
EC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tion Act. 
GUIDED TOURS OF THE CAPITOL  S
EC. 207. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds made available to the Architect of the Capitol in this Act may be used to eliminate or restrict guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns of offices of Members of Congress and other offices of the House of Representatives and Senate, unless through regulations as authorized by section 402(b)(8) of the Capitol Visitor Center Act of 2008 (2 U.S.C. 2242(b)(8)). (b) At the direction of the Capitol Police Board, or at the direction of the Architect of the Capitol with the approval of the Capitol Police Board, guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns described in subsection (a) may be suspended temporarily or otherwise sub-ject to restriction for security or related rea-sons to the same extent as guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by the Architect of the Capitol. LIMITATION ON TELECOMMUNICATIONS  
EQUIPMENT PROCUREMENT  S
EC. 208. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire telecommunications equipment produced by Huawei Technologies Company, ZTE Corporation or a high-impact or moderate-impact information system, as defined for security categorization in the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology’s (NIST) Federal Information Proc-essing Standard Publication 199, ‘‘Standards for Security Categorization of Federal Infor-mation and Information Systems’’ unless the agency, office, or other entity acquiring the equipment or system has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the information systems against criteria devel-oped by NIST to inform acquisition decisions for high-impact and moderate-impact infor-mation systems within the Federal Govern-ment; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation or other appropriate Federal entity, conducted an assessment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, includ-ing any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People’s Republic of China, the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, or the Russian Fed-eration. (b) None of the funds appropriated or oth-erwise made available under this Act may be used to acquire a high-impact or moderate impact information system reviewed and as-sessed under subsection (a) unless the head of the assessing entity described in sub-section (a) has— (1) developed, in consultation with NIST and supply chain risk management experts, a mitigation strategy for any identified risks; (2) determined, in consultation with NIST and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, that the acquisition of such system is in the vital national security interest of the United States; and (3) reported that determination to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in a man-ner that identifies the system intended for acquisition and a detailed description of the mitigation strategies identified in (1), pro-vided that such report may include a classi-fied annex as necessary. 
PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN OPERATIONAL  
EXPENSES  S
EC. 209. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities or other official government ac-tivities. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Legisla-tive Branch Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION C—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Army as cur-rently authorized by law, including per-sonnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for con-struction and operation of facilities in sup-port of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $1,021,768,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $110,068,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, archi-tect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that addi-tional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, includ-ing personnel in the Naval Facilities Engi-neering Command and other personal serv-ices necessary for the purposes of this appro-priation, $2,222,522,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $185,542,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as author-ized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facili-ties, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,495,423,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $206,577,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3998 June 18, 2018 
the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently author-ized by law, $2,575,938,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2023: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same pur-poses, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided further, That, of the amount, not to exceed $195,345,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Secretary of Defense determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $190,122,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $16,622,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Army Na-tional Guard determines that additional ob-ligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determina-tion and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions there-for, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construc-tion Authorization Acts, $139,126,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2023: Pro- vided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $18,500,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Di-rector of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $64,919,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $5,855,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the re-serve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Con-struction Authorization Acts, $43,065,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,695,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that addi-tional obligations are necessary for such pur-poses and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Mili-tary Construction Authorization Acts, $50,163,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,055,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Re-serve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. N
ORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  S
ECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Se-curity Investment Program for the acquisi-tion and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related ex-penses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by sec-tion 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $171,064,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  A
CCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of De-fense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $277,538,000, to remain available until expended. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $330,660,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, includ-ing debt payment, leasing, minor construc-tion, principal and interest charges, and in-surance premiums, as authorized by law, $376,509,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, in-cluding acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as au-thorized by law, $104,581,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2023. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS  For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leas-ing, minor construction, principal and inter-est charges, and insurance premiums, as au-thorized by law, $314,536,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisi-tion, replacement, addition, expansion, ex-tension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $78,446,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, in-cluding debt payment, leasing, minor con-struction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $317,274,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND  M
AINTENANCE , DEFENSE -WIDE For expenses of family housing for the ac-tivities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military depart-ments) for operation and maintenance, leas-ing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $58,373,000. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  F
AMILY HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund, $1,653,000, to re-main available until expended, for family housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing and sup-porting facilities. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  M
ILITARY UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING  I
MPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund, $600,000, to remain available until expended, for unaccompanied housing initiatives un-dertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military unaccompanied housing and supporting fa-cilities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of De-fense setting forth the reasons therefor. S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, De-partment of Transportation, for the con-struction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are cer-tified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construc-tion of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 per-cent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engineers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Fed-eral court; (2) purchases negotiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the At-torney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utilities for any family housing, except hous-ing for which funds have been made available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3999 June 18, 2018 
in annual Acts making appropriations for military construction. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activ-ity for which American steel producers, fab-ricators, and manufacturers have been de-nied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. S
EC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military con-struction or family housing during the cur-rent fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new in-stallation overseas without prior notifica-tion to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North At-lantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a for-eign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and respon-sible bid of a United States contractor ex-ceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese con-tractor. S
EC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Commit-tees on Appropriations, of plans and scope of any proposed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construc-tion, either temporary or permanent, are an-ticipated to exceed $100,000. S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction au-thorized for each such military department by the authorizations enacted into law dur-ing the current session of Congress. S
EC. 115. For military construction or fam-ily housing projects that are being com-pleted with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated super-vision, inspection, overhead, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construction of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obligated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount appro-priated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pursuant to law. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notifica-tion, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the De-partment of Defense Family Housing Im-provement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ ac-counts, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction of military unac-companied housing in ‘‘Military Construc-tion’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund: Provided, That appro-priations made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guaran-tees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing, mili-tary unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 118. In addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of De-fense, amounts may be transferred from the Department of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Home-owners Assistance Program incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts trans-ferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which transferred. S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, funds made available in this title for operation and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all fam-ily housing units, including general or flag officer quarters: Provided, That not more than $35,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any gen-eral or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notifica-tion provided in an electronic medium pursu-ant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded sole-ly due to costs associated with environ-mental remediation that could not be rea-sonably anticipated at the time of the budg-et submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is to report annually to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quar-ters for the prior fiscal year. S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Island Improvement Account established by subsection (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the pur-poses specified in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to sub-section (i)(3) of such section. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-propriations available in this Act to the De-partment of Defense for military construc-tion and family housing operation and main-tenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making au-thorized adjustments to such appropriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobli-gated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense’’, to be merged with and to be avail-able for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. S
EC. 122. Amounts appropriated or other-wise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in accordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military con-struction and family housing construction contained in Department of Defense Finan-cial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Vol-ume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 123. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. S
EC. 124. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified, to re-main available until September 30, 2023: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $77,600,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $244,400,000, of which $10,000,000 is for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $118,516,000, of which $22,316,000 is for plan-ning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $22,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $11,100,000, for planning and design; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $10,000,000; and ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force Re-serve’’, $14,400,000, of which $5,000,000 is for planning and design: Provided, That such funds may only be obli-gated to carry out construction projects identified in the respective military depart-ment’s unfunded priority list for fiscal year 2019 submitted to Congress: Provided further, That such projects are subject to authoriza-tion prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided fur-ther, That not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned, or his or her des-ignee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 125. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following ac-counts in the amounts specified: ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $31,158,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $10,000,000; and ‘‘Family Housing Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $2,138,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism or as an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4000 June 18, 2018 
emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. S
EC. 126. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 127. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the clo-sure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 128. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relo-cate any element of a United States Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment required to con-solidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (‘‘the Committees’’) a report detail-ing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) certifies in writing to the Committees that the preferred site for the consolidation or re-location yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or possession of the United States. S
EC. 129. Notwithstanding section 123 of this Act, for an additional amount for ‘‘Mili-tary Construction, Army’’ in this title, $30,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, is provided for completion of the De-fense Access Roads project and land acquisi-tion for Arlington National Cemetery as au-thorized by section 2101 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 2829A of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328): Provided, That such funds shall be in addition to any other funds made available in this or prior year Acts for such purposes, including funds made available by section 132 of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). S
EC. 130. All amounts appropriated to the ‘‘Department of Defense—Military Construc-tion, Army’’, ‘‘Department of Defense—Mili-tary Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, ‘‘Department of Defense—Military Construc-tion, Air Force’’, and ‘‘Department of De-fense—Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’ accounts pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in a National Defense Author-ization Act specified for fiscal year 2019 in the funding table in section 4601 of that Act shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for the full scope of authorized projects. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot pro-gram for disability examinations as author-ized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Pro-gram for Survivors, emergency and other of-ficers’ retirement pay, adjusted-service cred-its and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $108,530,139,000, to re-main available until expended, of which $107,119,807,000 shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $18,047,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2020 under this heading shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, and ‘‘In-formation Technology Systems’’ for nec-essary expenses in implementing the provi-sions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Com-pensation and Pensions’’ appropriation: Pro- vided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying patient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collec-tions Fund’’ to augment the funding of indi-vidual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and reha-bilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $14,065,282,000, to remain avail-able until expended and to become available on October 1, 2019: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and as-sistance which the Secretary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indem-nities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as au-thorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $111,340,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until expended. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by sub-chapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, during fiscal year 2019, within the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $200,612,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $39,000, as au-thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, in-cluding the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided fur-ther, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obli-gations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,037,366. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan pro-gram, $396,000, which may be paid to the ap-propriation for ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by sub-chapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,163,000. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration, not other-wise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the Gen-eral Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the De-partment of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,956,316,000: Provided, That expenses for services and assistance author-ized under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum extent fea-sible, to become employable and to obtain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily liv-ing, shall be charged to this account: Pro- vided further, That, of the funds made avail-able under this heading, not to exceed 10 per-cent shall remain available until September 30, 2020. V
ETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as authorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bioengineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repay-ments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Serv-ices Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), monthly assistance allowances authorized by section 322(d) of title 38, United States Code, grants author-ized by section 521A of title 38, United States Code, and administrative expenses necessary to carry out sections 322(d) and 521A of title 38, United States Code, and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code; $750,000,000, which shall be in addition to funds pre-viously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2018; and, in addition, $51,411,165,000, plus reimburse-ments, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this heading, $1,500,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2021: Pro- vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for vet-erans who have service-connected disabil-ities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwith-standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4001 June 18, 2018 
dispensing of prescription drugs from Vet-erans Health Administration facilities to en-rolled veterans with privately written pre-scriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no addi-tional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that suffi-cient amounts appropriated under this head-ing for medical supplies and equipment are available for the acquisition of prosthetics designed specifically for female veterans. 
MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non- Department facilities, $1,000,000,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously ap-propriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2018; and, in addition, $10,758,399,000, plus reimbursements, shall be-come available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this heading, $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administra-tion of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and re-search activities, as authorized by law; ad-ministrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for col-lecting and recovering amounts owed the De-partment as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $7,239,156,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this head-ing, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the mainte-nance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other nec-essary facilities of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project manage-ment, real property acquisition and disposi-tion, construction, and renovation of any fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improv-ing, or providing facilities in the several hos-pitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of tem-porary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry serv-ices; $211,000,000, which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2018; and, in addition, $6,141,880,000, plus re-imbursements, shall become available on Oc-tober 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $779,000,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that sufficient amounts appropriated under this heading are available for prosthetic re-search specifically for female veterans, and for toxic exposure research. NATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, in-cluding uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of pas-senger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the juris-diction of the National Cemetery Adminis-tration, $315,836,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the Department of Veterans Affairs, not other-wise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide cap-ital planning, management and policy activi-ties, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $365,976,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $174,748,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental informa-tion systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of informa-tion technology systems, including manage-ment and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs as-sociated with operations authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,184,571,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,243,220,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed 3 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That $2,560,780,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided fur-ther, That $380,571,000 shall be for informa-tion technology systems development, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and expenses, oper-ations and maintenance, and information technology systems development may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs re-quests from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development may be transferred among projects or to newly de-fined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submit-ting a request to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or ab-sent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for infor-mation technology systems development shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the report ac-companying this Act. VETERANS ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD  For activities related to implementation, preparation, development, interface, man-agement, rollout, and maintenance of a Vet-erans Electronic Health Record system, in-cluding contractual costs associated with op-erations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and salaries and ex-penses of employees hired under titles 5 and 38, United States Code, $800,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress quarterly reports detailing obligations, expenditures, and de-ployment implementation by facility: Pro- vided further, That the funds provided in this account shall only be available to the Office of the Deputy Secretary, to be administered by that Office. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $192,000,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. 
CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architec-tural and engineering services, construction management services, maintenance or guar-antee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construc-tion costs, and site acquisition, where the es-timated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a pre-vious major project appropriation, $1,127,486,000, of which $647,486,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2023, and of which $480,000,000 shall remain available until expended, of which $400,000,000 shall be available for seismic improvement projects and seismic program management activities: Provided, That except for advance planning activities, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital invest-ments, and other capital asset management related activities, including portfolio devel-opment and management activities, and in-vestment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the de-sign fund, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associated costs of the resi-dent engineers who oversee those capital in-vestments funded through this account and contracting officers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds pro-vided for the purchase, security, and mainte-nance of land for the National Cemetery Ad-ministration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Con-gress through the budgetary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint resolution, or in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4002 June 18, 2018 
explanatory statement accompanying such Act and presented to the President at the time of enrollment: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for fiscal year 2019, for each approved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents contract by Sep-tember 30, 2019; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by September 30, 2020: Provided further, That the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital invest-ments, architectural and engineering serv-ices, maintenance or guarantee period serv-ices costs associated with equipment guaran-tees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $706,889,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, along with unobligated balances of previous ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ appropriations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such sec-tion: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or dam-age caused by any natural disaster or catas-trophe; and (2) temporary measures nec-essary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF  
STATE EXTENDED CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or construct State nursing home and domi-ciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for fur-nishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal orga-nizations in establishing, expanding, or im-proving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2019 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned ap-propriations: Provided, That, before a trans-fer may take place, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall request from the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 202. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount ap-propriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notifica-tion from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and pur-pose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Pro- vided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be avail-able for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. S
EC. 204. No appropriations in this title (except the appropriations for ‘‘Construc-tion, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the con-struction of any new hospital or home. S
EC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or ex-amination of any persons (except bene-ficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Re-adjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insur-ance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obli-gations of corresponding prior year appro-priations accounts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund accounts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Compensation and Pen-sions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, during fiscal year 2019, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Service Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Special Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reimburse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs financed through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2019 that are available for dividends in that pro-gram after claims have been paid and actu-arially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of ad-ministration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accu-mulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such sur-plus earnings: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall determine the cost of adminis-tration for fiscal year 2019 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. SEC. 209. Amounts deducted from en-hanced-use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that ac-count during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obli-gated during the fiscal year in which the pro-ceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management, the Office of Employment Discrimination Com-plaint Adjudication, the Office of Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection, and the Office of Diversity and Inclusion for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $48,431,000 for the Office of Resolution Management, $4,333,000 for the Office of Employment Dis-crimination Complaint Adjudication, $17,700,000 for the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, and $3,230,000 for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion: Pro- vided, That payments may be made in ad-vance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. S
EC. 211. No funds of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall be available for hos-pital care, nursing home care, or medical services provided to any person under chap-ter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third-party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such dis-closure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or serv-ices provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, proceeds or revenues derived from enhanced-use leasing activities (includ-ing disposal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisi-tion and disposition), alterations, and im-provements of any medical facility under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4003 June 18, 2018 
jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’. S
EC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, supplies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. S
EC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to provide healthcare, including be-havioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating veterans and facilities to com-ply with all appropriate rules and regula-tions, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the pur-poses of these accounts. S
EC. 217. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Provided, That, at a min-imum, the report shall include the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quar-terly reporting’’, under the heading ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 218. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Commu-nity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compli-ance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Oper-ating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’, ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’ accounts for fis-cal year 2019 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ ac-count: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided further, That, be- fore a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 219. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘Con-struction, Minor Projects’’, and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’, up to $301,578,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Fed-eral medical facilities as described by sec-tion 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense—Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notifica-tion by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That section 220 of title II of division J of Public Law 115–141 is repealed. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 220. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2019, for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $307,609,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Fed-eral medical facilities as described by sec-tion 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense—Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notifica-tion by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 221. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical fa-cilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, es-tablished by section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as de-scribed by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That, notwithstanding sec-tion 1704(b)(3) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), amounts trans-ferred to the Joint Department of Defense— Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Fa-cility Demonstration Fund shall remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 222. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Com-munity Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Com-pliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a min-imum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by section 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to remain available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. SEC. 223. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Inte-grated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equip-ment. S
EC. 224. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, which-ever is less: Provided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract iden-tifying the programmed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obli-gation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such savings. S
EC. 225. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope spec-ified for that project in the original jus-tification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 226. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a quarterly report containing per-formance measures and data from each Vet-erans Benefits Administration Regional Of-fice: Provided, That, at a minimum, the re-port shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims back-log’’, under the heading ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’ in the joint explanatory statement ac-companying Public Law 114–223: Provided fur-ther, That the report shall also include infor-mation on the number of appeals pending at the Veterans Benefits Administration as well as the Board of Veterans Appeals on a quar-terly basis. S
EC. 227. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organiza-tional changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full-time equivalents from one or-ganizational unit of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to another. S
EC. 228. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 229. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is nec-essary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discre-tionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2019 in this title (except appro-priations made to the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administra-tion’’ account) or any discretionary unobli-gated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appro-priated for fiscal year 2019, that were pro-vided in advance by appropriations Acts: Pro- vided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That the trans-fer authority provided in this section is in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4004 June 18, 2018 
addition to any other transfer authority pro-vided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such au-thority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided fur-ther, That, upon determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropria-tion and shall be available for the same pur-poses as originally appropriated: Provided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 230. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Ap-peals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and receive ap-proval of that request. S
EC. 231. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such in-stance of reprogramming will exceed $7,000,000, unless such reprogramming is ap-proved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 232. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall ensure that the toll-free suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained professional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the American Association of Suicidology. (b)(1) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce or otherwise carry out any Executive action that pro-hibits the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from appointing an individual to occupy a vacant civil service position, or establishing a new civil service position, at the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to such a posi-tion relating to the hotline specified in sub-section (a). (2) In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘civil service’’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 2101(1) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) the term ‘‘Executive action’’ includes— (i) any Executive order, presidential memorandum, or other action by the Presi-dent; and (ii) any agency policy, order, or other di-rective. S
EC. 233. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domicil-iaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare serv-ices at existing Veterans Health Administra-tion medical facilities located in Veterans Integrated Service Network 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a re-port including the following elements: (1) a national realignment strategy that includes a detailed description of realign-ment plans within each Veterans Integrated Services Network (VISN), including an up-dated Long Range Capital Plan to imple-ment realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost versus benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of replacing Veterans Health Administration services with contract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned re-alignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transportation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with his-toric designation and the methodology used to determine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the National Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realign-ment requirements: Provided, That, this pro-vision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. SEC. 234. None of the funds made available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs by this or any other Act may be obligated or ex-pended in contravention of the ‘‘Veterans Health Administration Clinical Preventive Services Guidance Statement on the Vet-erans Health Administration’s Screening for Breast Cancer Guidance’’ published on May 10, 2017, as issued by the Veterans Health Ad-ministration National Center for Health Pro-motion and Disease Prevention. S
EC. 235. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered veteran. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘service-connected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a veteran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service-connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ means benefits relating to reproduc-tive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the sub-ject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Se-verely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limita-tions on the amount of such benefits avail-able to such a member except that— (A) the time periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memo-randum shall not apply; and (B) such term includes embryo cryopreservation and storage without limita-tion on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoption-re-lated expenses for an adoption that is final-ized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimbursement program of the De-partment of Defense, as authorized in De-partment of Defense Instruction 1341.09, in-cluding the reimbursement limits and re-quirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the pur-poses specified in subsection (a) of this sec-tion are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141). (RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 236. Of the funds made available for fiscal year 2019 under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs—Veterans Health Administration—Medical Support and Com-pliance’’ in title II of division J of the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141), $211,000,000 is hereby rescinded. S
EC. 237. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used in a manner that is in-consistent with: (1) section 842 of the Trans-portation, Treasury, Housing and Urban De-velopment, the Judiciary, the District of Co-lumbia, and Independent Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 238. Section 842 of Public Law 109–115 shall not apply to conversion of an activity or function of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Veterans Benefits Administration, or National Cemetery Administration to contractor performance by a business con-cern that is at least 51 percent owned by one or more Indian tribes as defined in section 5304(e) of title 25, United States Code, or one or more Native Hawaiian Organizations as defined in section 637(a)(15) of title 15, United States Code. S
EC. 239. (a) Except as provided in sub-section (b), the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Labor, shall discontinue using Social Security account numbers to identify individuals in all infor-mation systems of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs as follows: (1) For all veterans submitting to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs new claims for benefits under laws administered by the Sec-retary, not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) For all individuals not described in paragraph (1), not later than 8 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use a Social Security account number to identify an individual in an information sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs if and only if the use of such number is re-quired to obtain information the Secretary requires from an information system that is not under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. S
EC. 240. For funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2019 and 2020 for ‘‘Medical Services’’, section 239 of Division A of Public Law 114– 223 shall apply. S
EC. 241. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or other-wise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Department of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 242. Of the funds provided to the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for each of fis-cal year 2019 and fiscal year 2020 for ‘‘Medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4005 June 18, 2018 
Services’’, funds may be used in each year to carry out and expand the child care program authorized by section 205 of Public Law 111– 163, notwithstanding subsection (e) of such section. S
EC. 243. For funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2019 and 2020, section 248 of Division A of Public Law 114–223 shall apply. S
EC. 244. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs may use amounts appropriated or oth-erwise made available in this title to ensure that the ratio of veterans to full-time em-ployment equivalents within any program of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, does not exceed 125 veterans to one full-time employment equivalent. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the pro-grams of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, in-cluding— (1) an assessment of the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program; and (2) recommendations for such action as the Secretary considers necessary to reduce the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program. S
EC. 245. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this title may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement related to resolv-ing a dispute or claim with an individual that would restrict in any way the individual from speaking to members of Congress or their staff on any topic not otherwise prohib-ited from disclosure by Federal law or re-quired by Executive Order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs. S
EC. 246. For funds provided to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for each of fiscal year 2019 and 2020, section 258 of Division A of Public Law 114–223 shall apply. S
EC. 247. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to conduct research using canines un-less: the scientific objectives of the study can only be met by research with canines; the study has been directly approved by the Secretary; and the study is consistent with the revised Department of Veterans Affairs canine research policy document released on December 18, 2017: Provided, That not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed report outlining under what circumstances canine research may be needed if there are no other alternatives, how often it was used during that time pe-riod, and what protocols are in place to de-termine both the safety and efficacy of the research. S
EC. 248. For an additional amount for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $2,000,000,000 to remain available until expended, for infra-structure improvements, including new con-struction, and in addition to amounts other-wise made available in this Act for such pur-pose, of which: (1) $1,000,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical Facilities’’ to be used for non-recurring maintenance; (2) $500,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Departmental Administration—Construction, Minor Projects’’; and (3) $500,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Departmental Administration—Construction, Major Projects’’: Provided, That the additional amounts appro-priated for the purposes of non-recurring maintenance and minor construction may be used to carry out critical life-safety projects identified in the Department’s annual facil-ity condition assessments; sustainment projects; modernization projects; infrastruc-ture repair; renovations at existing Veterans Health Administration medical centers and outpatient clinics; and projects included in the Strategic Capital Investment Process plan: Provided further, That, of the funds made available under this section for ‘‘Con-struction, Major Projects’’, $300,000,000 shall be available for previously authorized and partially funded major construction projects, and $200,000,000 shall be available for seismic improvement projects and seis-mic program management activities: Pro- vided further, That the additional amounts appropriated under this section may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress, and such Committees approve, a de-tailed expenditure plan, including project de-scriptions and costs, for any non-recurring maintenance, minor construction, major construction, or seismic improvement project being funded with the additional amounts made available in this administra-tive provision. SEC. 249. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs in this Act may be used in a manner that would— (1) interfere with the ability of a veteran to participate in a medicinal marijuana pro-gram approved by a State; (2) deny any services from the Department to a veteran who is participating in such a program; or (3) limit or interfere with the ability of a health care provider of the Department to make appropriate recommendations, fill out forms, or take steps to comply with such a program. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES A
MERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign coun-tries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monu-ments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $15,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $81,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monu-ments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until ex-pended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  V
ETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $34,955,000: Provided, That $2,580,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing finan-cial assistance as described and in accord-ance with the process and reporting proce-dures set forth under this heading in Public Law 102–229. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL C
EMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Air-men’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor ve-hicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $2,000 for official re-ception and representation expenses, $80,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. In addition, such sums as may be nec-essary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses for planning and design and construction at Arlington Na-tional Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, $56,600,000, to re-main available until expended, for planning and design and construction associated with the Southern Expansion project at Arlington National Cemetery. A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home—Washington, District of Co-lumbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  S
EC. 301. Amounts deposited into the spe-cial account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are appropriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $192,250,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $227,320,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Ter-rorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’ $414,800,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4006 June 18, 2018 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Defense-Wide’’, $87,050,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Pro- vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designa-tions to the Congress. S
EC. 402. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of Defense is di-rected to provide the congressional defense committees a future years defense program for funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for construction projects related to European Reassurance Initiative and Euro-pean Deterrence Initiative beginning in fis-cal year 2020 and each subsequent fiscal year that funding is requested for either initia-tive. Further, the Secretary of Defense is di-rected to submit the future years defense program with each fiscal year budget sub-mission. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. S
EC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. S
EC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authori-ties and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E– Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. S
EC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all re-ports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies of the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 506. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or pro-prietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. SEC. 507. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 508. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contraven-tion of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a con-tract for goods or services, including con-struction services, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to lease or purchase new light duty ve-hicles for any executive fleet, or for an agen-cy’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. S
EC. 511. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any indi-vidual detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the pur-poses of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this sub-section is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. 
SA 2911. Mr. ALEXANDER proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 37, line 19, strike ‘‘$220,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$222,142,000’’. 
SA 2912. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES IN FORCE STRUCTURE OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—Except as provided under subsection (d) and consistent with no-tification requirements set forth under sec-tion 993(a) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Army shall, as provided under subsection (b), notify the congres-sional defense committees and congressional members of the affected States of changes in force structure of a battalion-size unit or other units of approximately 500 members assigned at a military installation. In deter-mining the change in force structure of a lo-cality, the Secretary shall take into consid-eration both short-term and long-term cost factors. (b) N
OTICE REQUIREMENTS .—No action may be taken to effect or implement a change in force structure described under subsection (a) until— (1) the Secretary of the Army— (A) submits to Congress a notice of the proposed change in force structure, including the detailed scoring data analyzed by the Army and a justification for any changes to the methodology, attributes in the Military Value Analysis, and other categories weighed at the direction of the Secretary; and (B) includes in the notice a report on the change in force structure as described under subsection (c); and (2) a period of 60 days expires following the day on which the notice is submitted to the congressional defense committees and con-gressional members of the affected States as appropriate. (c) R
EPORT ON THE CHANGE IN FORCE STRUC -
TURE .—The report referred to under sub-section (b)(1)(B) is a report from the Sec-retary of the Army on the changes in force structure, including updates to the Proce-dures for Army Stationing related to the changes in force structure, as follows: (1)(A) Military Value Analysis training at-tribute data and scoring for contiguous and non-contiguous training areas, including air-space, according to the associated installa-tion, as separate and distinct training areas measured by average daily use and the cost of use. (B) For purposes of determining training areas pursuant to this paragraph, non-con-tiguous training areas owned by the Na-tional Guard or other government agencies with formal agreements with the Army may be considered under the Military Value Anal-ysis training attribute as a separate and dis-tinct training area measured by average daily use and the cost of use. (2) A standardized explanatory statement for each associated installation with a non- contiguous training area attribute that in-cludes a justification for its use as it relates to the specific change in force structure under consideration and the cost and benefit to access a non-contiguous training area due to geographic separation, as described in De-partment of the Army Pamphlet (DA PAM) 5–13. (3) Military Value Analysis investment at-tribute data and scoring for infrastructure surrounding each associated installation, in-cluding housing, schools, and transportation, funded by State or local governments and communities measured by the last five fiscal years. (4)(A) Programmatic Environmental As-sessment data and scoring for the projected cost of military construction and sustainment, restoration, and maintenance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4007 June 18, 2018 
requirements, according to each associated installation, as separate and distinct meas-urements projected by the Future Year De-fense Program planning to meet change in force structure mission requirements. (B) For purposes of this paragraph, relocatable buildings or structures des-ignated as temporary that are not eligible to receive sustainment, restoration, and main-tenance funding, shall be measured as sepa-rate and distinct buildings or structures for each associated installation. (5) Projected cost savings or cost avoidance to the Army that may impact the long-term total cost of the change in force structure, including total lifecycle cost factors of in-stallation energy and utility costs, installa-tion operating cost, installation renovation and maintenance cost, and the rate of basic allowance for housing. (6) Projected cost savings to the Army and force structure unit members and their de-pendents measured by State and local ex-emptions in the form of a tax credit, State professional license reciprocity, education, employment, or other benefits as determined by the Secretary. (d) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Army may waive the notice and reporting require-ments under this subsection on a case-by- case basis if the Secretary determines that such waiver is necessary to rapidly mobilize a unit to meet emerging demands. 
SA 2913. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division C, add the following: S
EC. lll. (a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Con-gress a report on the tactics, techniques, and procedures of the National Guard Bureau for the management of personnel actions sought by the Army National Guard or Air National Guard of a State, including personnel actions in connection with sexual assault and sexual trauma. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description and assessment of the process for reviewing Army National Guard or Air National Guard authorities for the employment, use, and status of positions under title 32, United States Code, as re-quired by the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (2) An assessment of the effectiveness of the process for Federal recognition of pro-motions of Army National Guard and Air Na-tional Guard personnel submitted by a State, including an assessment of the following: (A) Timeliness in the completion of the promotion process. (B) Fairness, transparency, and objectivity in the adjudication of promotion decisions relating to leadership potential and moral character. (C) The ability of National Guard officers and State adjutants general to appeal or cor-rect the outcome of a Federal promotion rec-ognition decision, including any barriers to such appeals or corrections, and rec-ommendations to improve processes in con-nection with such appeals and corrections. (3) A description and assessment of the process to provide legal and administrative services to members of the Army National Guard or Air National Guard of a State fol-lowing an incident of a sexual assault or sex-ual trauma, including the following: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of the process with respect to the following: (i) The timely completion of administra-tive procedures required and available to the victims. (ii) The efficient coordination and comple-tion of unit transfers for victims. (iii) The ability of victims to appeal the outcome of post-assault or post-trauma ad-ministrative actions, or otherwise seek re-mediation for problems that arise in the process. (B) The identification any barriers to ap-peals or remediation as described in subpara-graph (A)(iii), and recommendations to im-prove the process of appeals and remedi-ation. (c) ADDITIONAL REPORTS .—If after submit-ting the report required by subsection (a) the Comptroller General makes additional as-sessments on the matters covered by the re-port, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress such reports on such additional assessments as the Comptroller General con-siders appropriate. 
SA 2914. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: 
SEC. 30lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING INNOVATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the United States leads the world in in-novation through scientific research; (2) many technologies making major con-tributions to the United States economy were created through Federal support for sci-entific research, including nuclear power, the laser, the personal computer, the inter-net, and Global Positioning Systems; and (3) in recognition of the importance of in-novation through scientific research and de-velopment, Congress increased appropria-tions for Department of Energy research and development programs for fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) to maintain the position of the United States as a world leader in innovation, Con-gress and the Secretary of Energy should continue to support innovative science re-search and development at National Labora-tories and institutions of higher education, along with private partners and nonprofit re-search organizations, through sustained ro-bust and reliable funding in specific research areas, including— (A) exascale computing and supercom-puting; (B) quantum and photonic information sciences; (C) biological and environmental research; (D) energy; and (E) materials and manufacturing; and (2) Congress should continue to increase scientific research and development fund-ing— (A) to ensure future technological ad-vances continue to spur innovation; (B) to help companies create good paying jobs; and (C) to strengthen national security. SA 2915. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 38, line 10, strike ‘‘$89,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$89,372,000’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, June 18, 2018, at 2 p.m. to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Inspector General’s First Report on Justice Department and FBI actions in Advance of the 2016 Presidential Election.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Richard J. Schrider, a legislative fellow in the of-fice of Senator E
RNST , be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 550, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 550) congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their domi-nant back-to-back championship victory in the 2018 National Basketball Association Finals. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S18JN8.REC S18JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4008 June 18, 2018 
The resolution (S. Res. 550) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 2018 Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 19; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 5895. Finally, I ask that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:40 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
KAREN S. EVANS, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (CYBERSECURITY, ENERGY SECURITY AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE). (NEW POSITION) DANIEL SIMMONS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RE-NEWABLE ENERGY), VICE DAVID T. DANIELSON. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
MARY BRIDGET NEUMAYR, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY, VICE NANCY HELEN SUTLEY. 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
IRVING BAILEY, OF FLORIDA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE IN-VESTMENT CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DE-CEMBER 17, 2018, VICE MATTHEW MAXWELL TAYLOR KEN-NEDY, TERM EXPIRED. IRVING BAILEY, OF FLORIDA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE IN-VESTMENT CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DE-CEMBER 17, 2021. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
BRIAN J. BULATAO, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN UNDER SEC-RETARY OF STATE (MANAGEMENT), VICE PATRICK FRANCIS KENNEDY. ELLEN E. MCCARTHY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (INTELLIGENCE AND RE-SEARCH), VICE DANIEL BENNETT SMITH. 
THE JUDICIARY  
ROSSIE DAVID ALSTON, JR., OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA, VICE GERALD BRUCE LEE, RE-TIRED. M. MILLER BAKER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE, VICE DONALD C. POGUE, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
SHANNON LEE GOESSLING, OF FLORIDA, TO BE DIREC-TOR OF THE VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN OFFICE, DE-PARTMENT OF JUSTICE, VICE SUSAN B. CARBON. THE JUDICIARY  
ERIC E. MURPHY, OF OHIO, TO BE UNITED STATES CIR-CUIT JUDGE FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT, VICE ALICE M. BATCHELDER, RETIRED. CARL J. NICHOLS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, VICE RICHARD W. ROBERTS, RETIRED. CHAD A. READLER, OF OHIO, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT, VICE DEBORAH L. COOK, RETIRING. TIMOTHY M. REIF, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF INTER-NATIONAL TRADE, VICE RICHARD K. EATON, RETIRED. MARY M. ROWLAND, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS, VICE AMY J. ST. EVE, ELEVATED. STEVEN C. SEEGER, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS, VICE JAMES B. ZAGEL, RETIRED. 
GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE  
ROBERT C. TAPELLA, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE, VICE DAVITA VANCE–COOKS. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
WADE B. ADAIR ARLENE D. ADAMS TRACY L. ALLEN LAUREN HUDSON BYRD GREGORY A. COLEMAN JEFFREY N. COOK ROBERT A. CORBY SARAH E. CUCITI JENNIFER H. GARRISON ALAN C. HARDMAN IDONA E. HENRY RANDALL G. IVALL CHRISTOPHER R. JOSEPH MATTHEW S. KRAUCHUNAS KATHLEEN M. MACKEY PATRICK R. MISNICK ALVIN SCOTT, JR. ALISHA N. SMITH MARIA D. VALLDEJULI JAY W. VEEDER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
LA RITA S. ABEL DANA M. ADRIAN TAMERA G. BORCHARDT PATRICK C. BOYLE JULIA L. BRADLEY CINDY L. CALLISTO JOHN A. CAMACHO AYALA HEATHER D. COIL DIANE K. COX KARLA M. DENNARD MICHAEL D. DIXON JEREMY E. DOWNES REAH C. DOWNS JOHNNY R. GUERRA TINA HALL GORDON ANTHONY HAZLETTE MICHELLE M. HUFSTETLER RONSETTA N. HUTCHISON JEANAE M. JACKSON LAURA K. JORG MARY C. KELLEY JOSEPH G. KELLY AARON O. KIBLER JENNIFER A. MAHAR CHRISTOPHER M. MANJARRES SEAN M. MARTS JENA LIZABETH MEYER WARREN B. MOORE HASMIN E. NALES NELSON PACHECO SHELLY R. PARDINI JANICE M. PECUA ALEACHA C. PHILSON FRANKLIN PORCIL DINO C. QUIJANO KAWANA A. RAWLS SHANE S. RUNYON ANGELIQUE D. SIMPSON TONYA Y. SPENCER YVONNE L. STOREY MICHELE S. SUGGS BRADLEY A. TERRILL SALVADOR V. VARGAS MARLENE M. B. WALLACE DARA J. WARREN HEIDI S. WILSON JARED K. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JAMES D. ATHNOS MICHAEL D. BRIDGES MIMI BYRD TRICIA C. CAIN EDUARDO CERVANTES SCOTT D. COOK MELISSA R. COPELAND MIKE DAVID COURTNEY E. DAY JOHN J. DECATALDO, JR. DONELLA D. DENT MARSHA M. DOLDRON BRYAN JASON L. DONOVANT JASON M. ESTES STACEY P. FACKELMAN WENDY M. FRANKE MATTHEW J. GROSS JILL M. HIBBERT TOMMY L. JEFFERSON II MICHAEL S. JOHNSON OCTAVIA LORRAINE JONES TONY G. LAWRENCE MICAELA C. LEWIS WILLIAM CALEB LUNSFORD MEGAN G. MALCOM CYNTHIA K. MCGEE ANDREA MOORE THOMAS PATRICK NAUGHTON CLINTON H. NAWROCKI MICHAEL ANDREW OETJENS HIRAM J. ORTIZ KENNETH A. ROSENBLUM BEATA H. ROSSON JASON A. SALASKI JOSEPH L. SANCHEZ, JR. CHRISTINE A. SANDERS AMBER C. SCHINDELE CHRISTY J. SNOW SARA M. SPEARING KRIS E. WALKER SARAH MONROE WHITSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be colonel 
DAVID A. BARGATZE JENNIFER A. CLAY THOMAS PAUL CONDIE TIMOTHY MICHAEL COX SUANNE M. CROWLEY PAUL A. DAWSON COREY G. FULLMER REBECCA MINA GAWARAN TOBIN C. GRIFFETH MICHAEL A. HATTON TROY S. HEAVENER CHARLES J. HEBNER CYNTHIA T. KEARLEY OREN D. LEFF JEFFERSON E. MCBRIDE ROGER A. MCILLECE THEODORE T. RICHARD JOSHUA DANIEL ROSEN POLLY K. SANDNESS PATRICIA S. WIEGMANLENZ JOSHUA D. YANOV FRANK YOON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
LISA M. BADER ROBERT M. ENINGER VINCENT D. FALLS MICHAEL J. FEA FREEMAN HOLIFIELD, JR. NEIL MICHAEL HORNER BRIDGET M. JACKSON ANTHONY J. JARECKE RODNEY M. JORSTAD GLENN L. LAIRD DANIEL J. LOVELESS ALICIA A. MATTESON SEAN J. MCNAMARA HEATHER A. NELSON PATRICK A. POHLE MARK A. POMERINKE JESSICA R. SPITLER BERNADETTE M. STEELE ILAINA M. WINGLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ANTHONY J. ACETO ALISHA L. ACOSTA NIKKITA P. ADAMS SABRINA AHSAN INIOBONG U. AKAI MARK O. ANDERSON TEENA M. AUGUST ALICE A. BAGBY ROBERT M. BALDWIN, JR. JOSHUA D. BARANOWSKI MEGAN M. BARRETT ROXANNE ROSE BECKMAN LAUREN R. BELUS NATALIE N. BELVIN HIRAL PRATIK BHATT MICHELLE M. BINDER JILL M. BLACKMAN NANCY M. BRANCH JOHN J. BRENNAN JENNIFER E. BROWN KEONA M. BYRD ANGIE F. CACACHO CARL M. CALIMLIM, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G18JN6.033 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4009 June 18, 2018 
MARLA M. CANTRELL MARGARET K. CARBONE GREGG T. CHANDLER MARYANN OLIVEIRA CHAVEZ JIMELYN M. CHRISTENSON CHRISTOPHER R. CONOVER JENNIFER D. S. COOK DANIELLE C. COOPER MONICA R. CORDOVA MICHAEL L. COX ANNA M. CRANE JILLEAN R. CURIEL SHANA A. DAWSON ANGIE D. DENDY SHAUN M. DENTON MICHAEL DIAZ JUANITA L. DUKES KARIN N. ECHLIN MARVIN L. EDMOND, JR. JOANNA C. EDMUNDSON YASHIKA D. EDWARDS CHAD J. ENEIX JESSIE J. ESPEJO CARLOS D. FABRE JENNIFER K. B. FEDERICO EDWIN FERNANDEZ JONATHAN JAY FERRER FLORES DARRYL W. FLOYD CHRISTINE L. FONTINEL CASSIE M. FOSS VIRGINIA L. FRAZIER MOLLY D. FREY KIM A. FRIESEN SHARINA S. GALINDO DEBRA C. GOMES CRYSTAL A. GOMEZ JAMIE DANIELLE GUERTIN EDWARD SUK HA EDGAR HALFORD MARCIE K. HART AARON M. HESS SHANNON N. HEWITT HOLLY ANN HOLKO PATRICIA M. HUDSON SCOTT A. HUDSON MICHAEL R. HUTTON YOUSELINE JEAN LOUIS MENDI L. JENKINS KATIE K. JEON MEGAN A. JOHN MICHAEL W. JOHNSON SUSAN W. JOHNSON TIALICKA B. JOHNSON SAVANNAH A. JUMPP ALEKSANDR KATS MARY E. KELLY TEWOLDEBIRHAN B. KERESEMO BRITTANY R. KINSLER DAVID C. KORNACK JAIMIE M. LAIB SCOTT A. LAWRENCE BRANDI L. LEAHY TAVIA S. LEONARD NATASHA DAWN G. LEWIS TAMISHA L. LEWIS KATHLEEN M. LLOYD ROBERT LOPEZ CRYSTAL M. LOVE JEANETTE M. MARRERO RUSSON KRYSTAL A. MCGANN MARIA ANN MCKIE LEONARD R. MCNEELY JASON W. MELVIN RHONA L. MERRERA TRACY Y. MINKE DAWN L. MITCHELL TYLER EBONY N. MULERO ROBIN M. MURRAY SHELLEY R. MURRAY NATOSHA L. NESBY CHRISTOPHER A. NOVACK STACEY E. ODONNELL APRIL Y. OLIVER JENNIFER N. ONEAL KELLY J. ORIGEL SHANNON D. PACE STARSHA L. PARDEE JESSE R. PAYNE CORAL M. PETTIT KATRINA E. PORTILLO BRETT H. PRICE RENEE L. PUSHLAR DANIEL S. QUEEN LAUREN J. QUIRAO LAURA J. RANSOM AUBREY E. REID SHAUNA A. RICCI CYNTHIA ROBINSON KATHY S. ROBINSON ANGEL G. RODRIGUEZ ASHLEE L. ROGIS MISTY J. ROOMSBURG RANDY A. SANFORD GALA G. SAPP EILEEN R. SCHUETZ NICOLE R. SETTLEMIRES MEGAN E. SHAMP NATHANIEL P. SHUBERT MELISSA C. SIMPSON MADINAH D. SLAISE KATHERINE E. SLUGOCKI MICAH C. SMITH VERONICA SPENCER DANIEL L. STARLING RACHEL J. STEVENSON KRISTINA R. STEWART KEREN L. STIMELING JOY E. STRINGFIELD JEREMY S. SWANSON KELLY W. TABOR JULIANNE M. TALBOTT AMANDA L. THOMPSON LAKEATTA E. TONGE EDUARDO F. TORRES PETE N. TRAYLOR SARA K. TRUITT SADI TUFF CHRISTY ANNE R. VELASQUEZ STEVEN VIETTI COLETTA J. WALKEMEYER YUSHARN WANG FRANKLIN E. WEHRKAMP ROGER L. WEST, JR. ASHLIE M. WEYHRAUCH COURTNI M. WILLIAMS DIANA S. WOLCZEK EVANS ERIC F. WOMACK SARAH K. WOODY QAASHUNTAE C. WRIGHT STEPHEN M. WRIGHT JULIE A. YANAGIHARA MICHAEL HYUNSUK YIM NEELIE MICHELLE YLAGAN REGIS C. ZOZO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JULIE LALEH ADAMS DARIA CHINEDUM AWUSAH JOSHUA J. BATES TIMOTHY KELLY BENNETT TRAVIS PETTY BRINTON ERIC MIDTHUN BROOKS JARED CONNELLY BRUFF RYAN DANIEL BRUNSON MICHAEL TERRY BUNNELL JOSEPH M. CACHUELA DANA A. CATES MICHAEL TAIYUAN CHEN CLAYTON JOHN COX TINY LATOYA COX MICHAEL KEVEN CRENSHAW LINDSAY ELIZABETH CRONIN EWA CECYLIA DAWSON DAVID TAYLOR DAYTON, JR. VINCENT LEONARD DEFABO JEREMY PATRICK DELACERDA ANNE MARIE DELMARE MATTHEW A. DIFELICE PETER SHERIDAN DONNELLY ALYSON GAYLE FISCHER MELISSA RAE FOWLER JOSEPH MICHAEL GROFF JACKSON TAVO HALL WHITNEY L. HALL BRIAN MICHAEL HANLEY DOUGLAS DANIEL HANSEN JONATHAN EDWARD HENLEY DANIEL EMMET HOLLEY JONATHON B. HOOVER SARAH LYNN HUERTA OSASUMWEN N. IZEVBIGIE DAVID FRANCIS JACOBS JOHN W. KALIS CATHERINE M. KALLEN ABHISHEK S. KAMBLI JAMES JOSEPH KRAUER JAMES BUCKINGHAM LEIGHTON JARED A. LOOPER RAJESH KADAVIL MATHEW DANELLE MARIE MCGINNIS ROBERT WAYNE MILLER PATRICK MICHAEL MILOTT GLENMUIR LAWFORD MINTO CHRISTOPHER ALOIS MONSON LESLIE RAE NEWTON ANAHID ELIZ NIKOGOSIAN ASHLEY DIANNE NORMAN BRANDON MICHAEL OMALLEY THOMAS JAMES PROCHAZKA VINCENT DANIEL ROMANO NATHAN D. ROYER MARK J. SCHWARTZ CHRISTINE ELAINE SEIBERT ALAN GREGORY SERRANO AMY ELIZABETH SFARA SAMUEL SHARIFI SIAVOSHI HEATHER ANNE SMILDE MARK LOUIS STEITZ, JR. AMANDA SKYLAR STREETMAN ANTHONY DEWAYNE THREATTS VICTORIA MIROSLAVO VASILEV LANDON J. WEDERMYER DONALD RICHARD WEEKS III DUSTIN J. WEISMAN JOSEPH DANIEL WISE BENEDICT RUFF WOIT ANNE VICTORIA WRIGHT MATTHEW GREGORY ZELLNER LANNY L. ZIEMAN MARCUS MICHAEL ZIMMER CHRISTOPHER THOMAS ZONA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
BRUCE A. ABBOTT THERESA M. AGOSTO SMART MAXSIMILIANO ALVARADO CRAIG R. AMEDURI MARKIA M. ANDERSON NATALIE MARIE ANNIES CHELSEA S. ARNOLD GREGORY T. ARRINGTON, JR. TIMOTHY J. AYLWARD JUSTIN L. BAIRD CHASE R. BALLINGER JOSHUA LEE BARRY DANIEL R. BASELEY DANIEL A. BAZUA AUSTIN T. BENNETT BENJAMIN T. BISHOP JOHN A. BLUE STAR SETH A. BRIDGES ALEXANDER K. BROWN JAMES E. BROWN IV JENNIFER N. BROWN MATILDA ANN BRUNNER EDNY BRYANT AARON M. BUTLER SCOTT W. CARY ANTHONY M. CHANGELO MILES L. CHEN SCOTT M. CHENEY DANIEL T. CORWIN CHRISTOPHER M. COSTELLO HOLLIE N. CUEVAS MIRANDA L. DEBELEVICH NATHAN J. DEMING THOMAS DOMINGUEZ KIMBERLY A. DOWD SEAN M. DYSON JOHANNA N. ECHIGO DAVID O. EDMUNDS AARON C. ELDRIDGE STEPHEN R. EMMERTHAL KATHRYN ROSE ESCATEL JUSTIN S. FARMER CAITLIN L. FISSETTE ECKERT PETER E. FOSSE MATTHEW C. FREEMAN ADAM K. FRY CHRISTINA M. GALLO JUAN J. GARCIA, JR. EDUARDO GARCIAPEREZ SONNY L. GEAR SHUNRIE TABURADA GELDORE TRAVIS A. GOLDWIRE TRACY LYNN GOLLIDAY CORLEY CARA L. GRAUSAM EDWIN A. GRESHAM WILLIAM T. GRIESSER KAYLA I. HARRIS TIFFANY MAY HARWOOD ALLEN W. HAUSER BROOKE MARIE HEALY JESSE L. HEMSWORTH CORY RYAN HENDERSON CURTIS J. HOWELL STEPHEN M. HUGHES ADRIAN N. HULBERT MATTHEW S. JACKSON ALLISON M. JAMES KARINA A. JAMESON JEFFERY C. JARVIS MICHAEL T. JOBE CHAD EDWARD JOHNSON JONATHAN S. JONES JOSEPH M. JUSCIUS JOHN A. KAUDERMAN, JR. STEPHAN C. KESTERSON CHRISTINE L. KMIECIK KATHRYN M. KOVANEN AMANDA M. KRUSZEWSKI DREW EDWARD LANCASTER OLIVIA J. LAWSON GEORGE A. MACGREGOR, JR. DANIEL ALLEN MARTIN BRETT J. MATTISON MELVIN K. MCBEAN ANDREW S. MCCAMPBELL PATRICK A. MCCUE JOHN R. MCGRATH JUSTIN E. MCKENNA KIMBERLY G. MCKENNA KATHLEEN A. MCNAMARA JARED M. MEHARG ERIK ENRIQUE MENJIVAR JAMIE L. MEYER JAMES M. S. MILLER JASON L. MOMMAERTS BRANDON L. MONDFRANS LESTER A. MORALES VAZQUEZ ROBIN D. MORRIS MARILOU D. MOTE MAKAY B. NEILSON KEVIN A. NGALA MUMBI M. NGUGI ANH PHOA THI NGUYEN ELISE M. OCELNIK SARAH J. OSTROM LOUIS A. PAGANO, JR. JAMES M. PASSMORE MARC A. PATIENCE MICHELLE D. PEREZ TIFFNEY R. PETERS ADAM G. PFANNENSTEIN LAURA S. PFLEDDERER ANH T. PHAM THUC T. V. PHAM JESSICA D. PIKE JODI L. POST ADAM G. P. QUADE JOSHUA A. RADEL WILLIAM DAEVID RANNOW JUSTIN F. RECKLAU 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.003 S18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4010 June 18, 2018 
JAMES D. REILLY CHERIE ANN RICHARDS LARAMIE J. RICHMOND CALEB S. RINK ABIGAIL A. ROSE ERIC SALINAS KYRA T. SANTIAGO STUART B. SAULS GARY L. SAYRE DEBORAH G. SCHAEFER KAREN E. SCHAEFER CASSIE DAWN SCHERFF LINDSEY P. SCHMELZER DEAN E. SCHULTZ III REBECCA J. SCOTT RYAN M. SCOTT CHRISTI L. SERABIAN NICOLAE D. SERI CARRIE D. SERJEANT TAMMY K. SHAW DENNIS L. SHAY, JR. CALEB H. SHEPARD SHARON J. SHERLOCK KATHERINE A. SIEVERS SARAH E. SIMS LACRESHA SKILLERN DILLON L. SMALL KATELYN R. SMITH KYLE P. SMITH NATHAN GLENN SMITH ERIC L. SPEIGHT CHRISTINA A. STABILE KYC MAHOGANY L. SWANSON EMMALYN V. TAGUE MATTHEW C. THOLL GRANT S. Y. W. TONG ELIZABETH M. TRAHAN DAVID J. TROTTER TAMESHIA S. TUFTS MICHAEL J. VASTOLA SHANNA R. VAUGHAN CHRISTOPHER P. VOLTURO ERIC R. WALTER JOHN J. WANG PETER MARCIN WASIK KEVIN N. WHITNEY BRANDON O. WIELERT ESTHER L. WILLIAMS THOMAS M. WITTER SOMVANG XAYARATH CLAYTON KC YEUNG WINFRED E. YOUNG, JR. SHIRLEY B. ZISER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. , SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BRENDAN E. BELL MICHAEL J. BROWNING BRANDON G. COLEMAN JASMIN G. DEGUZMAN JAMES M. GIESEN JENNIFER B. HAWIE HAE J. HONG MIN C. KIM JOHN D. KING TUNG V. LE JUSTIN P. LEWIS ADAM J. LYTLE MATTHEW A. MEYER CLAUDIA P. MILLAN HEATHER R. A. OLMO DANIEL R. PERRINGTON STEPHANIE PRICE LUCERO SANABRIAPARRILLA RICHARD W. STANDAGE BLAKE C. STUART JOHNNY R. VIDIC MICHAEL R. VILLACARLOS JAYLON L. WAITE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
DOUGLAS R. ADAMS MARY T. A. ADAMS CRAIG R. AINSWORTH SAMUEL F. ALMQUIST JONG AN JAMIE N. ANDREWS TODD M. ANTON BRADLEY C. BANDERA AMY M. BECKER LORI L. BEDNASH JOHN S. BERRY IV LUKE R. BLOOMQUIST SARAH BOLDT DONNELL K. BOWEN SHAUN R. BROWN KRISTINA R. BURKE ROBERT J. BUSH NICOLAS R. CAHANDING CHRISTOPHER J. CALCAGNO ROD W. CALLICOTT WILLIAM G. CALLIS TATJANA P. CALVANO MACARIO CAMACHO, JR. JOHN D. A. CAMPAGNA PATRICK M. CAREY DEREK M. CARLSON MARLIN CAUSEY MICHAEL K. CHEEZUM YINTING CHEN FONGKUEI F. CHENG GEOFFREY C. CHIN KATHERINE E. COCKER MONICA L. COLOMBO CRYSTALE J. CRUZ JASON I. DAILEY VERONICA C. DAMASCO RAJESH K. DANIELS MICHAEL S. DEGON RICHARD R. DELANEY JOHN T. DISTELHORST BENJAMIN P. DONHAM SARAH M. ESTRADA PETER D. EVERSON JAMES D. FERGUSON DAVID M. FERRARO JASON A. FOERTER TOMAS FORAL SHANNON C. FORD CHRISTOPHER J. FORSTER JUSTIN T. FOWLER ANTHONY D. FREILER NATHAN K. FRIEDLINE BRANDON D. FRYE BONNIE J. GENEMAN NICOLE M. GIAMANCO PATRICK J. GOLDEN HECTOR M. GONZALEZGARCIA BRENDAN C. GRAHAM LINDSEY J. GRAHAM ERIC S. GRENIER DANIEL C. HAGEN CHELSEA D. HAMILTON LISA M. HARRIS RYAN J. HEITMANN JENNIFER H. HEPPS JOHN E. HOUK JEANNIE HUH CHAD D. HULSOPPLE JOHN D. HUNSAKER BENJAMIN L. JONES ANTON Y. JORGENSEN PATRICIA KAPUNAN JENNIFER N. KENNEDY ERIN A. KEYSER KELLY G. KILCOYNE KATE E. H. KINNAIRD TODD C. KNUDSON NICHOLAS D. KORTAN RYAN M. KWOK SALVATORE V. LABRUZZO BRYAN D. LALIBERTE KARL A. LAUTENSCHLAGER GEORGE L. LEE III RICHARD N. LESPERANCE CHRISTA M. LEWIS KIMBERLY M. LOCHNER CHARLES D. MAGEE PEDRO A. MANIBUSAN JORGE I. MARTINEZOSORIO SHAUN A. MARTINHO KIRK D. MCBRIDE BRENDAN J. MCCRISKIN DEVIN P. MCFADDEN OWEN MCGRANE HARKIRTIN K. MCIVER LUKE E. MEASE MARIDELLE B. MILLENDEZ SETH L. MILLER CHRISTOPHER A. MITCHELL ILA C. M. MOFFITT MICHAEL B. MOORE DANIEL B. MORILLA ANDREW D. MOSIER DEANNA M. MUSFELDT KATHRYN E. MYHRE ANNA L. NAIG DOMENICK P. NARDI JOSEPH R. NARVAEZ JUSTIN D. NEEDHAM THOMAS G. NESSLER III CHARLES T. NGUYEN PHUOC T. NGUYEN CLAUDIA E. NICHOLAS NICHOLAS R. ONDRASIK ANGELLETTA N. PAYNE TERESA D. PEARCE DAVID J. PETERSON BENJAMIN F. PLATT SARAH J. RABIE MEGHAN F. RALEIGH ANTHONY J. RECUPERO JEFFREY L. REHA JEREMY N. RICH BRITTANY L. RITCHIE JOHN D. RITCHIE IAN M. RIVERA SAMANTHA B. RODGERS CHRISTINA B. RUMAYOR FARHAD SAFI CATHERINE M. SAMPERT JOHN P. SANDERS STEVEN A. SATTERLY CHRISTIAN C. SCHRADER MELISSA B. SCORZA RENEE M. SERRA SHAHROOZ SHAYEGAN GREGORY R. SKERRETT DAWN M. SLOAN DANIEL J. SONG ALYSSA A. SOUMOFF DAVID M. STANLEY KAREN S. STRENGE JONATHAN M. STROBEL JOHN SYMONS BENJAMIN D. TABAK TIMOTHY J. TAUSCH KYLE J. TOBLER DANIEL D. TRAN ALI A. TURABI JOHN VENEZIA RYAN M. WALK BIN WANG MARISSA L. WEBER DANIEL WEINSTEIN MARK WELCH BENJAMIN J. WESTBROOK JOSEPH M. WHITE SCOTT WHITWORTH DEVIN WILES ALICIA M. WILLIAMS ERIC D. WIRTZ MARIUSZ WOJNARSKI CHRISTINE L. WOLFE AMANDA L. ZEINE LAURI M. ZIKE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: To be lieutenant colonel 
LESLIE M. LATIMORELORFILS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ANGEL M. SANCHEZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
FREDRICCO MCCURRY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JIMMIE A. HILTON, JR. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
LEROME S. SNAER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
DANIEL J. RIZZO 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on June 18, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
ERIC M. UELAND, OF OREGON, TO BE AN UNDER SEC-RETARY OF STATE (MANAGEMENT), VICE PATRICK FRANCIS KENNEDY, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A18JN6.004 S18JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE857 June 18, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 19, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 20 9 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine current and proposed tariff actions administered by the Department of Commerce. SD–215 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kan-sas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission, and Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. SR–253 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Adminis-trator, and Peter C. Wright, of Michi-gan, to be Assistant Administrator, Of-fice of Solid Waste, both of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine Medicaid fraud and overpayments, focusing on problems and solutions. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, and Julius Ness Rich-ardson, of South Carolina, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Roy Kalman Altman, and Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, and Raul M. Arias-Marxuach, to be United States District Judge for the District of Puerto Rico. SD–226 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the policy response to Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections; to be im-mediately followed by a closed session in SH–219. SH–216 10:15 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine United States Agency for International Devel-opment resources and redesign. SD–419 10:30 a.m. Committee on Rules and Administration To hold hearings to examine election se-curity preparations, focusing on a state and local perspective. SR–301 2:30 p.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on National Security and International Trade and Finance To hold hearings to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on how crimi-nal organizations launder money and innovative techniques for fighting them. SD–538 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine promoting traditional subsistence ac-tivities in Native communities. SD–628 JUNE 21 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of for-eign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, S. 2823, to modernize copyright law, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas, Lance E. Walker, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine, Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board, and John D. Jordan, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri, Department of Justice. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and an original bill making appro-priations for Financial Services and General Government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. SD–106 1 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on illicit trade. SR–485 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Gordon D. Sondland, of Wash-ington, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Euro-pean Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, Department of State. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the need for United States leadership on digital trade. RHOB–2318 JUNE 27 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine how to re-duce health care costs, focusing on un-derstanding the cost of health care in America. SD–430 
POSTPONEMENTS 
JUNE 20 Time to be announced Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 3029, to revise and extend the Prematurity Re-search Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act), S. 1112, to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, S. 808, to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State, S. 3039, to provide funding for the development of a predictive ana-lytics pilot program to help children and families who come to the attention of the child welfare system, an original bill to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act, and the nominations of Scott Stump, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M18JN8.000 E18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE858 June 18, 2018 
of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Edu-cation, Department of Education, John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Em-ployment and Training, and other pending nominations. SD–430 2:30 p.m. Committee on Finance Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine trade and commerce at United States ports of entry. SD–215 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M18JN8.000 E18JNPT1
D686 Monday, June 18, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3961–S4010 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 3078–3084, and S. Res. 550.
                                                                  Page S3982 
Measures Reported: S. 2221, to repeal the multi-State plan program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–277) S. 186, to amend the Federal Power Act to pro-vide that any inaction by the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission that allows a rate change to go into effect shall be treated as an order by the Com-mission for purposes of rehearing and court review, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–278) S. 2852, to reauthorize certain programs under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthor-ization Act, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 3042, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–279)
              Page S3982 
Measures Passed: National Defense Authorization Act: By 85 yeas to 10 nays (Vote No. 128), Senate passed H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, after taking ac-tion on the following motion proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S3961–73 
By 81 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. 127), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to waive section 4106(b)(1) of H. Con. Res. 71, es-tablishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027, with respect to Inhofe/McCain Modified Amendment No. 2282, in the nature of a substitute, to the bill. Subsequently, the point of order that the pending measure was in violation of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71, was not sustained, and thus the point of order fell.                        Page S3972 
Congratulating the Golden State Warriors: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 550, congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their dominant back-to-back championship victory in the 2018 National Basket-ball Association Finals.
                                   Pages S4007–08 
Measures Considered: Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act—Agreement: Senate began consider-ation of H.R. 5895, making appropriations for en-ergy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, after agreeing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the following motion and amendments proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S3973–76 
Pending: Shelby Amendment No. 2910, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S3973 
Alexander Amendment No. 2911 (to Amendment No. 2910), to make a technical correction. 
                                                                                            Page S3973 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 92 yeas to 3 nays (Vote No. 129), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                Pages S3973–74 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that for the purpose of Rule XVI in relation to Shelby Amendment No. 2910, Division A of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:33 Sep 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\D18JN8.REC D18JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D687 June 18, 2018 
H.R. 5895 serve as the basis for defense of germane-ness for Division A of the amendment, Division B of H.R. 5895 serve as the basis for defense of ger-maneness for Division B of the amendment, and that Division C of H.R. 5895 serve as the basis for de-fense of germaneness for Division C of the amend-ment.
                                                                                Page S3976 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:00 a.m., on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S4008 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Energy (Cybersecurity, Energy Secu-rity and Emergency Response). Daniel Simmons, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy). Mary Bridget Neumayr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality. Irving Bailey, of Florida, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2018. Irving Bailey, of Florida, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2021. Brian J. Bulatao, of Texas, to be an Under Sec-retary of State (Management). Ellen E. McCarthy, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Intelligence and Research). Rossie David Alston, Jr., of Virginia, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Virginia. M. Miller Baker, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade. Shannon Lee Goessling, of Florida, to be Director of the Violence Against Women Office, Department of Justice. Eric E. Murphy, of Ohio, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Carl J. Nichols, of the District of Columbia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Co-lumbia. Chad A. Readler, of Ohio, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. Timothy M. Reif, of the District of Columbia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Inter-national Trade. Mary M. Rowland, of Illinois, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Illinois. Steven C. Seeger, of Illinois, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Illinois. Robert C. Tapella, of Virginia, to be Director of the Government Publishing Office. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy.                                                                                     Pages S4008–10 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Sec-retary of State (Management), which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018.
                                  Page S4010 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S3980–81 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3981 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S3981 
Executive Communications:                             Page S3981 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S3981–82 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3982–84 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3984–85 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3980 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3985–S4007 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4007 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4007 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—129)
                                                        Pages S3972–73 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:40 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4008.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
IG REPORT ON DOJ AND FBI ACTIONS IN ADVANCE OF 2016 ELECTION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Inspector General’s first re-port on Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation actions in advance of the 2016 presi-dential election, after receiving testimony from Mi-chael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, and Chris-topher A. Wray, Director, Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, both of the Department of Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JN8.REC D18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD688 June 18, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
CORRUPTION IN UKRAINE’S ENERGY SECTOR Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on corruption in Ukraine’s energy sector from Bill Courtney, RAND Corporation, and Ed Chow, Center for Strategic and International Studies, both of Washington, D.C.; and Nataliya Katser-Buchkovska, Member of the Verkhovna Rada, Kiev, Ukraine. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Homeland Security, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 10 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 11 a.m., SD–138. Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 3 p.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Lieutenant General Austin S. Miller, USA, to be general and Commander, Resolute Support Mission, North Atlantic Treaty Organization/Com-mander, United States Forces-Afghanistan, Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine Cambridge Analytica and other Facebook partners, focus-ing on data privacy risks, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine effective administration of the 340B Drug Pricing Program, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the EB–5 investor visa program, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: business meeting to con-sider the nomination of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, Time to be announced, Room to be an-nounced. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine changing the trajectory of Alzheimer’s, focusing on reduc-ing risk, detecting early symptoms, and improving data, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. House 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee; and full Committee of the House Committee on the Judiciary, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the FBI and DOJ Actions in Advance of the 2016 Election’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5797, the ‘‘Individuals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Appropriate and Responsible in its Delivery Act’’; H.R. 6082, the ‘‘Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act’’; and H.R. 6, the ‘‘Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of June 19 through June 22, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Ap-propriations Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: June 19, Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, 10 a.m., SD–124. June 19, Subcommittee on Financial Services and Gen-eral Government, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for financial services and gen-eral government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 11 a.m., SD–138. June 19, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JN8.REC D18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D689 June 18, 2018 State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, 3 p.m., SD–138. June 21, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and an original bill making appropriations for Fi-nancial Services and General Government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Armed Services: June 19, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Lieutenant General Austin S. Miller, USA, to be general and Commander, Resolute Support Mission, North Atlantic Treaty Organization/ Commander, United States Forces-Afghanistan, Depart-ment of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: June 20, Subcommittee on National Security and International Trade and Finance, to hold hearings to examine com-bating money laundering and other forms of illicit fi-nance, focusing on how criminal organizations launder money and innovative techniques for fighting them, 2:30 p.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 19, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safe-ty, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to ex-amine Cambridge Analytica and other Facebook partners, focusing on data privacy risks, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. June 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commis-sion, and Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: June 20, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Ad-ministrator, and Peter C. Wright, of Michigan, to be As-sistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste, both of the Environmental Protection Agency, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: June 20, to hold hearings to ex-amine current and proposed tariff actions administered by the Department of Commerce, 9 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: June 20, to hold hearings to examine United States Agency for International Devel-opment resources and redesign, 10:15 a.m., SD–419. June 21, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Representative of the United States of America to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambas-sador, Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: June 19, to hold hearings to examine effective administration of the 340B Drug Pricing Program, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: June 20, to hold hearings to examine Medicaid fraud and overpayments, focusing on problems and solutions, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: June 20, to hold an over-sight hearing to examine promoting traditional subsist-ence activities in Native communities, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: June 19, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the EB–5 investor visa program, 10 a.m., SD–226. June 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, and Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Roy Kalman Altman, and Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, and Raul M. Arias- Marxuach, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Puerto Rico, 10 a.m., SD–226. June 21, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, S. 2823, to modernize copyright law, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas, Lance E. Walker, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Maine, Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Colum-bia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board, and John D. Jordan, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri, De-partment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Rules and Administration: June 20, to hold hearings to examine election security preparations, focus-ing on a state and local perspective, 10:30 a.m., SR–301. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: June 19, business meet-ing to consider the nomination of John Lowry III, of Illi-nois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Em-ployment and Training, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Select Committee on Intelligence: June 19, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. June 20, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the policy response to Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SH–219, 10 a.m., SH–216. Special Committee on Aging: June 19, to hold hearings to examine changing the trajectory of Alzheimer’s, focusing on reducing risk, detecting early symptoms, and improv-ing data, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, June 20, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill; the FY 2019 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JN8.REC D18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD690 June 18, 2018 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill; and the Revised Re-port on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2019, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, June 20, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Health Sys-tem Reform: Pain Management, Opioids Prescription Management and Reporting Transparency’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. June 21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Technology Transfer: Threats, Impacts, and Solutions for the Department of Defense’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. June 21, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Aviation Mishap Prevention-a Progress Report’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. June 22, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces; and Sub-committee on Space of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Space Sit-uational Awareness: Whole of Government Perspectives on Roles and Responsibilities’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, June 20, Full Committee, begin markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2019, 12:30 p.m., 1334 Long-worth. June 21, Full Committee, continue markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2019, 9 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, June 20, Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce Develop-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Occupational Licensing: Reduc-ing Barriers to Economic Mobility and Growth’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. June 21, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing entitled ‘‘Growth, Oppor-tunity, and Change in the U.S. Labor Market and the American Workforce: A Review of Current Develop-ments, Trends, and Statistics’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, June 20, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examination of the GAO Audit Series of HHS Cy-bersecurity’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 20, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Benefits of Tax Reform on the Energy Sector and Consumers’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 22, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing on H.R. 2651, the ‘‘Horse-racing Integrity Act of 2017’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 22, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Advanced Biofuels Under the Renewable Fuel Standard: Current Status and Future Prospects’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, June 20, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering a Pro-Growth Economy by Cutting Taxes and Regulatory Red Tape’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. June 20, Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Fi-nance, hearing entitled ‘‘Illicit Use of Virtual Currency and the Law Enforcement Response’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Ray-burn. June 21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, June 20, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Afghanistan’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 20, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Trump-Kim Summit: Outcomes and Oversight’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 20, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights Concerns in Sri Lanka’’, 2:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. June 21, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Russian and Chinese Nuclear Arsenals: Posture, Proliferation, and the Future of Arms Control’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, June 21, Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining The Need for New Federal Judges’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. June 21, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Com-mercial and Antitrust Law, hearing on H.R. 3553, the ‘‘Bankruptcy Administration Improvement Act of 2017’’, 11:30 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. June 21, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Intellectual Free-dom in America’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, June 20, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 6087, the ‘‘Removing Barriers to Energy Independence Act’’; H.R. 6088, the ‘‘Stream-lining Permitting Efficiency in Energy Development Act’’; H.R. 6106, the ‘‘Common Sense Permitting Act’’; and H.R. 6107, the ‘‘Ending Duplicative Permitting Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. June 21, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 4599, the ‘‘Rock Creek National Park Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5148, the ‘‘Protect Public Use of Public Lands Act’’; H.R. 5149, the ‘‘Unlocking Public Lands Act’’; H.R. 5613, the ‘‘Quindaro Townsite National His-toric Landmark Act’’; and H.R. 5727, the ‘‘Emery Coun-ty Public Land Management Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. June 21, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources, hearing on H.R.4644, the ‘‘Yellowstone Gateway Protection Act’’; and H.R.5859, the ‘‘Education and En-ergy Act of 2018’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, June 20, Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Holding Cuban Leaders Accountable’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, June 21, Sub-committee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘State Per-spectives on Regulating Background Ozone’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. June 22, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces; and Sub-committee on Space, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Space Situa-tional Awareness: Whole of Government Perspectives on Roles and Responsibilities’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JN8.REC D18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D691 June 18, 2018 Committee on Small Business, June 20, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Communities That Think Small and Win Big’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. June 21, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Accelerating Agriculture: How Federal Regulations Impact America’s Small Farmers’’, 10:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, June 21, Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials, hearing entitled ‘‘PIPES Act of 2016 Imple-mentation: Oversight of Pipeline Safety Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, June 21, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘More Than Just Filling Va-cancies: A Closer Look at VA Hiring Authorities, Re-cruiting, and Retention’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, June 20, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on IRS and DOJ Efforts to Return Seized Funds to Taxpayers’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, June 21, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘DIA Roles and Mission’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: June 21, to hold hearings to examine the need for United States leadership on digital trade, 2:30 p.m., 2318, Rayburn Building. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: June 21, to receive a briefing on illicit trade, 1 p.m., SR–485. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18JN8.REC D18JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD692 June 18, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, June 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18JN8.REC D18JNPT1