Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5441 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 30, 2018 No. 128 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, July 31, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , JULY30, 2018 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Holy God, as we strive to renew our minds through the power of Your Di-vine presence, show us how to discern what Your will is for our lives. Lord, prepare our lawmakers to be sober-minded and filled with Your Spirit, accomplishing the tasks that receive Heaven’s approval. Lord, keep our Senators on the path of integrity as they strive to ensure that their con-duct rightly represents You. May they live lives of holiness and godliness, waiting for the day when You will establish Your Kingdom on Earth. Lord, prepare our Senators to stand before You, in peace, without spot or blemish. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The majority leader is recog-nized. WORK BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, we will finish up the set of appropriations measures we have been considering for several days and take four more big steps toward our goal of completing a regular appropriations process and funding the government in a timely and orderly manner. We will authorize vital resources for our Nation’s Armed Forces. We will at-tend to several other priorities as well, including an extension of flood insur-ance and sending the bipartisan farm bill to a conference with the House. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRITT GRANT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, first, later today, the Senate will vote to advance the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, the President’s selection to serve on the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals. This Stanford Law graduate has served the people of Georgia for 6 years, most recently as a justice on the State’s supreme court. All eight of her fellow justices had this to say about Justice Grant in a letter to Chairman G
RASSLEY and Senator F EINSTEIN : 
She is highly intelligent, [with] a breadth and depth of legal experience. . . . Her first focus is always to get the law right. 
They go on to write: 
Justice Grant’s character and integrity is unquestioned. She has an excellent reputa-tion in the legal community [and] a well-bal-anced judicial temperament. 
In sum, they write: 
Justice Grant displays all the qualities of an excellent judge. . . . Our loss would be the Eleventh Circuit’s gain. Justice Grant’s colleagues on the Georgia Supreme Court include ap-pointees of Republican Governors and Democratic Governors. They have seen her work up close. They have seen her legal expertise and her commitment to the rule of law. They have seen her conviction that—in her own words— ‘‘the role of judges is to interpret the law rather than make it.’’ Her reputation reaches beyond State lines. In another letter to our col-leagues on the Judiciary Committee, current and former State solicitors general from across the country testify to her ‘‘congeniality,’’ ‘‘integrity and work ethic,’’ and say that Justice Grant ‘‘has treated colleagues, oppos-ing counsel, and the litigants appear-ing before her with respect.’’ The understanding of a judge’s role and the temperament to execute it is precisely the approach our constitu-tional order requires of our judges. I look forward to voting to advance Jus-tice Grant’s nomination later today, and I urge each of my colleagues to join me. 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on a final matter, on Friday, the Com-merce Department reported some out-standing news. In the second quarter of 2018, the real gross domestic product of the United States grew by 4.1 percent. This number is just the latest point in a long series of evidence that shows the American economy is thriving. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.000 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5442 July 30, 2018 
As I have pointed out, it is a mistake to view this growth—and the new pros-perity for American families that it en-tails—primarily as an achievement of government. It is the American work-er, the American job creator, and the American entrepreneur who has grown our economy faster than 4 percent this quarter, who has driven the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits to its lowest level in over 48 years and created 3.7 million jobs since the 2016 election, and who has repatri-ated more than $300 billion from over-seas in the first quarter of this year alone, according to the Commerce De-partment, bringing that money home to our country. This is what free enterprise can achieve when Washington, DC, stops raising taxes, stops micromanaging the economy through the sprawling regu-latory State, and stops presuming it is better to funnel money and power to bureaucrats than to trust hard-working families and small business owners to live their own lives. So it is the Amer-ican people who deserve the credit for the successes of their economy. Here is what this united Republican government is doing: cutting their taxes, rolling back the redtape, and mowing down one hurdle after another that has held our country back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on Friday, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, C
HUCK GRASSLEY , sent a letter to the George W. Bush Library requesting only a small portion of Judge Kavanaugh’s records. Tradition-ally, letters from the Senate Judiciary Committee requesting the records for a Supreme Court nominee have been bi-partisan and complete. When Demo-crats were in the majority, we joined with the Republican minority to re-quest all—not some, all—of Elena Kagan’s White House documents. When Democrats were in the majority, we joined with the Republican minority to request all—not some—of Judge Sotomayor’s documents. At Repub-licans’ insistence, that included docu-ments from 30 years ago, when she served as a board member of the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund, because they had questions about her views on certain of those issues. It was a request that we thought stretched a little far, but we went along for the sake of trans-parency and openness. So this idea that it should be only the legal records is totally undone and gainsaid by what they requested of Judge Sotomayor. Now the Republicans are in the ma-jority, and the shoe is on the other foot. Chairman GRASSLEY , unfortu-nately, has broken with all precedent and refused Democratic requests for Judge Kavanaugh’s full record. He sent a letter to the Archivist at 5 p.m. Fri-day—that is usually a time when peo-ple do things they don’t want people to catch wind of—making such a request. My Republican colleagues know that this was wrong. That is why they sent it so late on a Friday, hoping to bury it. This letter makes it clear that Re-publicans intend to block the Senate and the American people from access to the bulk of Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records. So the question looms: What are they hiding? What are they afraid of? Why wouldn’t they grant the kind of open-ness to records that America prides itself on? Why wouldn’t they grant a request for openness of records when we are going to vote on someone who will have huge power over the lives of average Americans for a whole genera-tion? Why shouldn’t we see what that record is about before we vote? In this letter, Senate Republicans are requesting only documents from 2 of the 5 years that Judge Kavanaugh was in the White House—only documents from his time in the White House Counsel’s office, not as Staff Secretary. But Staff Secretary was the most sen-ior job in the White House the nominee held. In Judge Kavanaugh’s own words, the position of Staff Secretary was hugely influential in his career. He worked there during a time of great controversy. Over the weekend, the New York Times reported, for instance, that as Staff Secretary, Brett Kavanaugh like-ly oversaw President Bush’s controver-sial signing statements on torture. By his own account, he was involved in President Bush’s decision to select a Supreme Court Justice. Why the heck that is not relevant to choosing him as a Supreme Court Justice is beyond ex-planation. They can’t give an expla-nation; they just want to rush it through. There is no good reason to argue that Judge Kavanaugh’s time as Staff Sec-retary isn’t relevant to understanding what kind of Justice he might be. Yet, Senate Republicans requested none— absolutely none—of the records from this period in Kavanaugh’s career. What are they hiding? Worse yet, here is what we learned Friday, amazingly: The documents we are going to receive are being screened by a partisan lawyer with ties to Presi-dent Trump and Steve Bannon. That is right. The lawyer who is going over these documents, who is screening them, not only has ties to President Trump but also to Steve Bannon, one of the most partisan people this admin-istration has ever seen. My Republican friends are checking all the boxes on the obstruction list— hiding documents, collaborating with political operative lawyers, and then causing the process to slow down so that there is as little time for the American people to review the docu-ments as possible. A bipartisan letter should have been sent 2 weeks ago. When Democrats were in charge, that is what we did. We didn’t tell the Re-publican minority: You can have this request and not that. Senator G
RASS -
LEYsays: Well, there was never a White House Counsel, a White House Sec-retary. What is the difference? As Republicans, they requested Judge Sotomayor’s records for the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Edu-cation Fund 30 years earlier. We didn’t say: That is a difference. Every request was granted. Why are they not being granted now? They are hiding some-thing is what many people would say. I hope my colleagues will bring these political games to an end, for the sake of our country, for the sake of comity, and for the sake of bipartisanship. Our Republican friends talk a game of bi-partisanship but never seem to act it out. And they invoke a double stand-ard: What was good for them when they were in the minority is not good for us while we are in the minority. The Senate and the American people deserve access to the full records from the man who has been nominated to a lifetime appointment in such a power-ful position as Justice of the Supreme Court. I hope my colleagues on the Re-publican side will bring these games to an end. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRITT GRANT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on Britt Grant, the new nominee for the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals— Britt Grant, throughout her career, has expressed views far outside the main-stream. When you read this list, you will say: How did they come up with someone so on the fringe? She is not someone who is a mainstream conserv-ative, but way out there. As solicitor general, she defended a law that made it illegal for doctors to perform an abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy and assisted on an amicus brief arguing that defining marriage as between a man and a woman does not violate the Constitution’s guarantee of equal protection. She worked on a brief for the Su-preme Court that defended a Georgia prosecutor’s decision to strike Black jurors based on their race. She led Georgia’s challenge to DACA, even though 85, 90 percent of all Americans are for DACA. Before becoming Georgia’s solicitor general, she argued against the Afford-able Care Act, assisted on an amicus brief defending Indiana’s defunding of Planned Parenthood, urged the Su-preme Court to gut the Voting Rights 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.001 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5443 July 30, 2018 
Act, and argued to strike down the Af-fordable Care Act’s contraception cov-erage mandate. So from reproductive rights to civil rights to gun safety, name a partisan legal case from the past 5 years, and there is a good chance that Britt Grant has been involved, taking up a fringe legal argument—way out of the Amer-ican mainstream—to weaken well-es-tablished rights and overturn prece-dent in pursuit of an ideological objec-tive. I would also like to bring to my col-leagues’ attention that in speeches and in handwritten notes—even with this extreme record—Judge Brett Kavanaugh has repeatedly praised Britt Grant’s record. In fact, Kavanaugh called Britt Grant ‘‘a su-perb solicitor general of Georgia.’’ That is someone with these extreme views. Judge Kavanaugh’s ringing endorse-ment of Britt Grant’s record may serve as a window into his own judicial phi-losophy. It makes you wonder: What, exactly, does Judge Kavanaugh agree with her on so that he would call her so many laudatory things? Does he agree with Britt Grant that a woman’s constitutional, guaranteed freedom to make her own reproductive choices should be curtailed, even though an overwhelming majority of Americans support Roe? Does he be-lieve, like Britt Grant, that States should be able to define marriage as only between a man and a woman, even though the Supreme Court has declared things the other way? Does he believe, like Britt Grant, that insurers shouldn’t have to provide contracep-tive coverage? Britt Grant is the kind of lawyer Judge Kavanaugh, in his own words, considers ‘‘superb.’’ Maybe that is why they both ended up on the same short list of 25 potential out-of-the-main-stream court nominees—out of the mainstream because they were vetted by the Heritage Foundation, which be-lieves that the government should not be involved in healthcare, and by the Federalist Society, whose leader’s goal is to repeal Roe v. Wade, even though 71 percent of Americans are against that repeal. Whether you are a Democrat or a Re-publican or Independent, you should want a better process for choosing judges. The American people deserve judges from the legal mainstream who will interpret the law rather than make it, who will respect and defer to precedent unless there is a darn good reason not to—not just folks picked off some list prevetted by extreme con-servative groups that don’t represent what a majority of Americans think, and they probably don’t even represent what a majority of Republicans think. But the Republican majority has been advancing an assembly line of nakedly partisan, ideological judges like Britt Grant. That Judge Kavanaugh has praised her record so roundly is con-cerning. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I in-tend to speak for a few moments as in morning business concerning the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, which is set to expire tomorrow night at mid-night, July 31, and which certainly this body will not allow to expire. We will undoubtedly reauthorize the program and not leave millions of Americans without flood protection at the height of the Atlantic hurricane season. The House has sent us legislation that provides for a clean reauthoriza-tion, temporary as it may be. It will keep the program going without inject-ing reforms or changes, and it reas-sures homeowners and property owners across the country who rely on this program that it will still be there and that they can count on it. We are not bathing ourselves in glory by doing this. I think we would all ac-knowledge that passing this reauthor-ization right before the deadline does not entitle us to pat ourselves on the back. Instead, it should motivate Mem-bers to work across the aisle to provide meaningful reforms. I have a sugges-tion or two for some meaningful re-forms when we take this up on a per-manent basis. We may have assured Americans today and tomorrow that when we act on this, they can rely on the National Flood Insurance Program through No-vember, but we need to assure them that they can rely on the program for the next year, for the next 5 years, or for 10 years. That will be a challenge over the next several months. We need to make this program finan-cially sustainable for the long term, but we also need to assure property owners that they are not going to be hit with a huge insurance bill they can’t afford. History does not provide the public with very much encourage-ment with regard to actually getting some reforms done. We have to keep it going with a patchwork. Out of the 41 times that the National Flood Insurance Program has been re-authorized over the past 20 years, re-forms have been included only 3 times out of 41. That is not a great record. I hope that before the end of this cal-endar year, we can add a fourth sub-stantive change to make some progress. One thing I hope we can do is to enact the changes to the COASTAL Act in a bill that I have introduced called the COASTAL Implementation Act. If you recall, after Hurricane Katrina, we saw how discrepancies be-tween wind damage and water damage on the total-loss properties often pre-vented property owners from being made whole. There was a dispute be-tween the flood insurance folks and the wind insurance folks, and the property owner was caught in the middle. The COASTAL Act and the followup COASTAL Implementation Act seeks to address these discrepancies with bet-ter data collection and more accurate poststorm assessments. More specifi-cally, we want NOAA, or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, to be able to assess the strength of wind and water at affected sites. With sound data, the property owners can receive fair compensation for their losses—some, perhaps, from the flood insurance coverage, and some from the wind insurance coverage. Reducing cases of ‘‘indeterminate losses’’ would ultimately reduce costs to the National Flood Insurance Program and better serve the public. My other reform proposal also seeks to arm us with better data. I call this legislation the MEMA Act, which stands for Municipality Empowerment Mapping Achievement. Under this act, FEMA would publish the NFIP’s rate maps. These maps would cover the en-tire United States, and they would be created using the latest technology. In-formation on an area’s flood hazard risks should be accessible and com-prehensive. Accurate maps can also help to draw businesses to our smaller communities. Without this information, these busi-nesses might go to a nearby urban area to invest. The playing field should be leveled in this regard. Other ideas, such as competition from the private sector, can help to bring down high flood in-surance rates. What we don’t want to do is to drive folks away from coastal areas. Forty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.003 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5444 July 30, 2018 
percent of our population lives in a coastal county. There are 56 million jobs there, and more than $8 trillion is produced in goods and services, accord-ing to NOAA. Let’s also not forget about our rivers and inland waterways. The Mississippi River, for example, accounts for a $400 billion annual economic impact. When communities near a river, lake, or ocean suffer, the effects can ripple across the whole Nation. Try as we might, we can’t prevent floods. We can mitigate and try to guard against them and try to strengthen our protection, but we can’t eliminate flooding from happening. They are the most frequent natural disaster. We should do what we can to mitigate the damage and costs. It is also worth reminding my col-leagues that the National Flood Insur-ance Program is a program that serves ordinary people—workers and families who are just trying to make an honest living and who do not want to see ev-erything they have washed away in a flood. These 5 million Americans pay their flood insurance premiums, and they should be able to live without worry that should a disaster strike, they will be left high and dry. I call on my colleagues in the next day and a half to pass this short-term authorization, and, certainly, we will do that on a bipartisan basis. Then, let’s give the Banking Committee and people who are concentrating on this issue some bipartisan support to pass much needed reforms. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, there are few responsibilities—I would say none—more important than our duties in connection with the ap-pointment of a Supreme Court Justice. Much is at stake in the nomination that is before the Senate now to ap-point Judge Brett Kavanaugh as the Justice who will replace Justice Ken-nedy. So much is at stake—the future of Roe v. Wade, affordable healthcare, particularly, preexisting conditions and the protections of them for mil-lions of Americans. But I am not here to talk about Judge Kavanaugh as a nominee. I am here to talk about how we reach a con-clusion as to how my colleagues and I vote and how we seek and pursue the truth about Judge Kavanaugh, his qualifications, his temperament, his integrity and intellect, who he is, and what kind of Justice he will be. The best way to do it is to know what he has written and said—all of his writings and opinions and the articles he has written. These points are pretty basic. I am struck by our colleagues’ objec-tion to our seeking documents they have sought in connection with past nominees when they were made by Presidents of our party. When Presi-dent Obama nominated Justice Kagan, Republicans asked for documents from her years in the Clinton administra-tion, her tenure as dean of the Harvard Law School, and even her clerkship for Justice Thurgood Marshall. Senator GRASSLEY , now the chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee said at the time: ‘‘For the Senate to fulfill its constitu-tional responsibility of advice and con-sent, we must get all of her documents . . . and have enough time to analyze them so we can determine whether she should be a Justice.’’ I agree. Now, unfortunately, Repub-licans want to apply a completely dif-ferent standard to Judge Kavanaugh. They want his documents kept sealed and stored so that he can waltz onto the Court without having to answer tough questions about what he has written, said, and done. They maintain that there is nothing in the documents that would be relevant or revelatory. Well, we can’t know this supposed ir-relevance, and neither can they until we all see those documents. For some reason, the Republicans seem worried. They seem concerned. They seem apprehensive. The American people and we have a right to ask: What are they concealing and why are they scared of it? What is Judge Kavanaugh hiding and why is he afraid of it? That is a question he should an-swer and which they have a responsi-bility to address before we begin the hearings. Our questions require those documents. There is, in fact, a lot of good reason to think that those documents will be relevant and revelatory, particularly the documents from his time in the White House. My Republican col-leagues are now downplaying the role Judge Kavanaugh had while working for President Bush. Republican whip and Judiciary Committee member J
OHNCORNYN , our friend and colleague from Texas, said that Judge Kavanaugh was ‘‘more or less a traffic cop,’’ but that contention contradicts what our colleagues said at the time when Judge Kavanaugh was a nominee to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. Senator C
ORNYN himself said then of Kavanaugh: ‘‘He . . . is currently Staff Secretary to President Bush, a job whose title belies the very serious and important responsibilities that indi-vidual performs.’’ Senator H
ATCH , also a colleague and a very distinguished member of the Ju-diciary Committee, said of Judge Kavanaugh: ‘‘His background as Staff Secretary may prove to be particularly good judicial training.’’ But for me the best indication of how important his role as Staff Secretary to President Bush was—not just as counsel, but as Staff Secretary—comes from Judge Kavanaugh himself. He said: When people ask me which of my prior ex-periences has been most useful to me as a judge, I tell them that all of them have been useful, and I certainly draw on all of them. But I also do not hesitate to say that my five and a half years in the White House—and es-pecially my three years as Staff Secretary for President Bush—were the most inter-esting and in many ways the most instruc-tive. 
I would read that sentence again, but I am not sure I need to. It will be in the R
ECORD , and it is well-known to many of my colleagues. Judge Kavanaugh went on: 
As Staff Secretary, I sat in meetings where he talked with President Hu and then-Presi-dent Musharraf and President Karzai and Prime Minister Blair and Pope John Paul. I was at the G–8 in Scotland when the London subway bombing occurred. I saw and partici-pated in the process of putting legislation to-gether, whether it was terrorism insurance or Medicare prescription drug coverage or attempts at immigration reform. I worked on drafting and revising executive orders. I remember times on the Hill in negotiating last-minute changes in legislation. I saw reg-ulatory agencies screw up. I saw how they might try to avoid congressional mandates. I saw the relationship between independent agencies and executive agencies and the President and White House and OMB. I saw FOIA requests. 
That is from Judge Kavanaugh. If there is any indication as to why we need those documents from the time he was Staff Secretary to Presi-dent Bush, it is from Judge Kavanaugh’s own words. If we want to know what kind of Justice he will be, we need to understand the decisions he has made and the lessons he has learned in that most informative job. If we refuse to even try, we have abdi-cated our constitutional responsibility. We have a duty. I submit, with great respect, that the request made by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee involves all of us abdicating that responsibility unless we protest and raise a hue and cry and force the production of additional doc-uments. This goes beyond any sort of partisan divide, and it goes beyond the question of whether any of my col-leagues are voting for or against Judge Kavanaugh. It is about our constitu-tional responsibility. These documents, as Judge Kavanaugh himself has said, would, in effect, reveal much about Judge Kavanaugh, for he worked on just about every major issue as counselor to President Bush and as Staff Secretary to him. In a recent interview, Karl Rove noted: ‘‘Literally every document that goes to the president on a policy issue has to pass through the hands of the staff secretary.’’ As he himself has said, Judge Kavanaugh was at the President’s side at many pivotal moments of the Bush Presidency—from the passage of the partial-birth abortion ban to debates over same-sex marriage and well be-yond. We should know just what Judge Kavanaugh said as Staff Secretary to President Bush during those and other critical moments of the Bush Presi-dency. His advice to President Bush 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.005 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5445 July 30, 2018 
and his role in those decisions are rel-evant. I think that word understates its importance. It is critical to our judgments about his qualifications. Perhaps—maybe just by chance— there is nothing in those documents. When Judge Kavanaugh was in the White House, maybe he was just a traf-fic cop, as Senator C
ORNYN has claimed, or was an honest broker, as the judge described himself at his con-firmation hearing. Yet, if that were true, what are they hiding? Why do they need to conceal it? We should have the opportunity to determine whether Judge Kavanaugh had truly been an honest broker, just a traffic cop, or had just passed documents through his hands without his having had any input. The best way to deter-mine this is by reviewing those docu-ments. Judge Kavanaugh made this very point when he was an appellate court nominee. At his confirmation hearing, he was asked how Senators should as-sess his record. He answered: ‘‘I think that’s done through an assessment of going back, in my case, 16 years of my career and looking at the kinds of things I’ve done in the staff secretary’s office.’’ We should heed those words. They are the words of Judge Kavanaugh. We should examine all of the documents. It may take some additional time to re-view all of those documents but maybe not if there is nothing in there that re-lates to his view and his opinion and his role. If he were just a traffic cop or an honest broker, we can get through them very, very quickly. Regardless of the time involved, there is no more im-portant task that we will undertake as U.S. Senators than to decide on his qualifications for being a Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. Anything less would be a dereliction of our duty. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The Senator from Louisiana. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, last week, the House voted overwhelmingly, by a vote of 366 to 52, to extend the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program for 4 months, until November 30, 2018. The purpose is to allow for the continued reform efforts of this program so as to make it more accountable, more af-fordable, and more sustainable. Two weeks ago, the Senate demonstrated almost unanimous support for a 6- month extension of the National Flood Insurance Program, by a vote of 94 to 5. The NFIP, as the Flood Insurance Program is called, insures properties in every State—approximately 6 million homes and businesses and over $1.2 tril-lion in assets. The current law has it set to expire at 11:59 p.m. tomorrow, on July 31. If the NFIP is not extended, people will not be able to renew their flood insurance policies or purchase new ones. That means more will be un-insured during the peak of hurricane season. That is not acceptable. Accord-ing to the National Association of Re-altors, letting the NFIP expire would cost up to 40,000 property sales per month, or about 1,330 home sales per day. Last week, the Senate tried to pass the short-term extension that the House had passed by unanimous con-sent, but we were unable to. So, on Fri-day, cloture was filed in the Senate on the 4-month extension that the House passed. The problem is that the cloture vote will not occur until Wednesday, setting up the final passage of the ex-tension on Thursday. That means that the NFIP would lapse for 2 days. This is totally avoidable. Its delay does nothing to advance reforms within the NFIP, many of which I proposed a year ago in a long-term reauthoriza-tion bill that I had introduced with col-leagues from New York and West Vir-ginia. A lapse does disrupt real estate transactions for the 2,600 Americans who are trying to close on their homes—perhaps on their first homes— over the next couple of days. By the way, these are not million-dollar prop-erties, for 98.5 percent of NFIP prop-erties are in parishes or counties with median household incomes of below $100,000, and 62 percent are in parishes or counties with median household in-comes below the national average of $54,000. Congress has always honored the flood insurance policies that NFIP pol-icyholders have had. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to expedite the consider-ation of the National Flood Insurance Program’s 4-month extension and pass it by unanimous consent. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. MEDICAID  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to talk about an important anniversary. Today marks 53 years since the Medicare and Medicaid Pro-grams have been created. I will speak specifically today about Medicaid. Many Americans are familiar with all of the benefits that Medicaid provides to so many Americans, but I don’t know if people have a sense of the scope of it. First of all, Medicaid helps 70 million individuals and families in every stage of life. Medicaid covers nearly half of every birth in the United States of America. Medicaid covers 40 percent of all children across the country. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, it is also true that roughly 40 percent of all of the children have their healthcare covered through Medicaid. Roughly 50 percent of the people with disabilities in our State are covered by Medicaid, and about 60 percent of those who need skilled care, so-called nursing home care—about 2 million Pennsylvanians— are covered by Medicaid. Medicaid is currently considered the ‘‘gold standard’’ for children’s healthcare, which includes the early and periodic screening, diagnosis, and treatment benefits, known as EPSDT. It doesn’t get a lot of attention, but a lot of the professionals who understand pediatrics and children’s healthcare will stress the importance of early and periodic screening, diagnosis, and treatment. Medicaid helps to prevent moms and dads from being forced into deciding whether to put food on their tables or take a child to see a doctor. Through Medicaid, 15 million people with dis-abilities receive assistance with their healthcare or with durable medical equipment, such as wheelchairs or as-sistive speaking devices, long-term supports for daily living, such as per-sonal care attendants, and so many other benefits. If you just focus on the category of Americans with disabilities who are children, 60 percent of children in America with disabilities are covered by Medicaid. Medicaid helps Americans afford their Medicare premiums. That is the interplay between both the Med-icaid Program and the Medicare Pro-gram. Medicaid pays for nursing home care for older relatives who otherwise would incur $75,000 per year of ex-penses, which would force countless middle-class families out of their homes and deprive them of their hard- earned savings. How about our schools? Forty-eight percent of school districts use Medicaid funds to provide medical and therapy services in schools for children who re-ceive special education. Medicaid also funds transportation for eligible individuals to receive med-ical services. Finally, on this long list, Medicaid is the primary payer for the treatment and services of opioid addiction, as well as for substance use disorder services. All of those issues are critically im-portant to the American people and es-pecially, of course, to the American family. That is why last year—and con-tinuing into 2018—the efforts that have been made to repeal the Affordable Care Act have had an adverse impact on Medicaid by, in one sense, deci-mating the program and badly injuring our ability to deliver all of those healthcare benefits to children, to peo-ple with disabilities, to seniors. In vir-tually every bill that has been consid-ered in the Senate or the House, the ef-fect on the opioid crisis has been dev-astating because of what has happened to the expansion of Medicaid as op-posed to the original Medicaid Pro-gram itself. I hope our Republican friends will consider all of those benefits and the impact on Medicaid when they are pro-posing repeal legislation and similar legislative proposals. I will make a point about one family, which I think, in so many ways, is em-blematic of a lot of other families when it comes to Medicaid. In Pennsylvania, I received a letter from a mom in Southeastern Pennsylvania. Her name 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.009 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5446 July 30, 2018 
is Pam Simpson. She was writing to me about her son, Rowan. The impact on Rowan Simpson’s life, like a lot of chil-dren’s lives, is incomparable. It is hard to comprehend how beneficial it has been. As I said, his mom Pam sent me a note. Here is what she said, in perti-nent part. I will not read all of it, just an excerpt. She said: 
In late January 2016, I applied for Medicaid assistance. 
Medical Assistance, I should say. That is the Medicaid Program in Penn-sylvania, Medical Assistance. 
After Rowan was awarded this assistance, we were able to obtain wrap-around services, which included a Behavioral Health Consult-ant (BSC) and a Therapeutic Staff Support worker (TSS). . . . The wrap-around services have been a Godsend. 
Toward the end of the letter, Pam Simpson said: 
Without Medicaid, I am confident that I could not work full time to support our fam-ily. We would be bankrupt, or my son— 
Meaning Rowan— 
would go without the therapies he sincerely needs. 
Pam Simpson concludes the letter this way: 
Please think of my dear Rowan and his happy face, his big blue eyes, and his lovely strawberry blonde hair. Please think of me and my husband working every day to sup-port our family. Please think of my 9-month- old daughter, Luna, who smiles and laughs at her brother daily; she will have to care for Rowan later in her life after we are gone. Overall, we are desperately in need of Row-an’s Medicaid Assistance and would be dev-astated if we lost these benefits. 
That is one mom talking about her son in Pennsylvania, but of course they are representative of so many families across the country. All of us here know—it is pretty evi-dent from the data on where we are po-sitioned in the world—that we are the strongest country in the world—mean-ing the strongest economy—and that we are also the strongest military power in the world. There is no ques-tion about that. But that same coun-try, that same strong country, over time has figured out a way to take care of the American family, especially through a program like Medicaid. Hubert Humphrey said it well years ago. He may have even said this on the Senate floor when he was representing Minnesota. Hubert Humphrey said: ‘‘The moral test of government is how it treats those who are in the dawn of life . . . those who are in the twilight of life . . . and those who are in the shadows of life.’’ In a sense, he is talk-ing about children in the dawn of life, those with disabilities and others who might be in the shadows of life, and those who are senior citizens in the twilight of life. No program touches more Americans than the Medicaid Program, and we must continue to work to fight to keep Medicaid strong not just for the next 50 years or 53 years—today is the anniver-sary—but for many years after that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, one of the great honors and privileges of being a Senator is that we get to confirm Presidential nominations to our coun-try’s highest courts. President Trump has nominated an outstanding judge to fill an opening on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Elev-enth Circuit. That judge is Georgia Su-preme Court Justice Britt Grant. To-night, the Senate will vote to invoke cloture on her nomination so we can confirm her later this week. This is a crucial vote. Justice Grant has served with dis-tinction on the Supreme Court of Geor-gia since January 2017. In that role, she has written over 40 opinions on both criminal and civil matters and partici-pated in hundreds of other opinions. Her positions are not a mystery. She has a long record of defending and up-holding our Constitution. She served as Solicitor General for the State of Georgia from 2015 until her appointment to the State Supreme Court. This year, she was elected to her seat on the State Supreme Court with-out opposition. When that happens in my State, that means people on both sides of the aisle understand how she is applying the rule of law. It is a testa-ment to the quality of her work and the dedication she has to the Constitu-tion and to the people for whom she works. Prior to her public service, Justice Grant argued a commercial litigation case before the highest Court in the land, the U.S. Supreme Court. And by the way, she won. Justice Grant attended Stanford Law School. After graduating, she actually clerked for Judge Brett Kavanaugh— another outstanding nominee who will hopefully be confirmed to the U.S. Su-preme Court later this year. I might add that Judge Kavanaugh sat through Justice Grant’s confirmation hearing in front of the Judiciary Committee just a few months ago. He was there for the entire hearing because she did such a good job clerking for him earlier in her career. Clearly, Justice Grant is immensely qualified to fill this Court of Appeals vacancy, and there is no doubt in my mind that she will do a fantastic job. In fact, our country needs more judges like Justice Grant. I couldn’t be prouder of her, her hus-band Justin, and their three kids, Charles, Mary Elise, and Jack. Earlier this year, I was honored to introduce Justice Grant in her con-firmation hearing and to commend her nomination with my highest rec-ommendation. Tonight, I strongly urge my colleagues to support her final con-firmation to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be granted enough time to complete my remarks before the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I come briefly but quickly and proudly to rec-ommend Britt Grant to this body and to the United States of America to be the next judge from the State of Geor-gia to be on the circuit court of ap-peals. Britt Grant is an outstanding jurist. She became a judge on the Georgia Su-preme Court at the age of 40. She went to Stanford University Law School, and she went to Wake Forest Univer-sity as an undergraduate. After she left Stanford University, she came to clerk for Brett Kavanaugh, who is now nomi-nated for the U.S. Supreme Court. Throughout her legal career, whether it was practicing as an attorney, whether it was serving as a judge, or whatever she did, she was always at the top of her class, at the top of her case, or at the top of her ability. I don’t re-member ever having a judge come be-fore this body, since I have been in Congress, from my home State of Geor-gia who had more people pulling for her, more people wanting her to win, more people who think she is the right person at the right time for the United States of America. So I come to the floor as the senior Senator from Georgia to tell my col-leagues this: You have the chance to invoke cloture tonight with your vote and to vote tomorrow for the confirma-tion of the Honorable Britt Grant of the Georgia Supreme Court to be on the U.S. Circuit Court for the Eleventh Circuit of the United States of Amer-ica. I urge my colleagues to vote yes for cloture and yes for Judge Grant tomor-row. I yield back the remainder of my time. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Cindy Hyde-Smith, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, John Boozman, Ron Johnson, John Barrasso, Steve Daines, John Cor-nyn, Johnny Isakson, John Thune, James E. Risch, Richard Burr, Lindsey Graham, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.010 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5447 July 30, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
AR-
NER) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 172 Ex.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Flake McCain Nelson Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 44. The motion is agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CENTENNIAL OF FORT KNOX Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, today I am proud to recognize Fort Knox, an important asset of our na-tional defense infrastructure in my home State, as it celebrates its centen-nial anniversary. Located in Bullitt, Hardin, and Meade Counties, the in-stallation was established by Congress in 1918 and has taken an active role in the defense of our Nation ever since. Today Fort Knox is a source of pride for the community and our Common-wealth, and I would like to take a look back at its century of accomplishment. Named in honor of the Revolutionary War major general and the first U.S. Secretary of War, Henry Knox, the site began as a field artillery training range for Camp Zachary Taylor in Louisville. Congress purchased 40,000 acres of land in Kentucky to accommodate approxi-mately 60,000 soldiers. Construction began in July 1918 under the super-vision of quartermaster W. H. Rad-cliffe, and Camp Knox served as a facil-ity to support troops returning home at the conclusion of the Great War. In subsequent years, Camp Knox be-came a training facility for thousands of troops from the National Guard, Re-serve Officers Training Corps, and Citi-zens Military Training Camps. One of the citizens who trained there was au-thor Robert Penn Warren of Guthrie, KY. Before he gained enduring fame for writing ‘‘All the King’s Men,’’ Warren’s first published poem ‘‘Prophecy’’ ap-peared in the ‘‘Camp Knox Mess Kit’’ in 1922. In 1931, the Army revolutionized our Nation’s Armed Forces and formed a mechanized cavalry regiment at the fa-cility. The next year, Congress gave the installation the name we call it today. Fort Knox was at the center of the mechanization of the cavalry, and it can proudly take credit for devel-oping many of the tactics that helped win World War II. As a vital contributor to our national security, Fort Knox has served wide- ranging roles throughout its 100 years. For instance, in 1937, it became the home of the U.S. bullion depository and the guardian of our Nation’s most valuable assets and, at times, some of the world’s most precious possessions. During the darkest days of the Second World War, the depository guarded the U.S. Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. Fort Knox is also the proud home of the General George Patton Museum and Center of Leadership, a tourist des-tination honoring one of the giants of American military history. While we celebrate the installation’s remarkable history, we also recognize that Fort Knox continues to play a dy-namic and integral role in our conven-tional force structure and our State’s economy. In 2009, the Army Human Re-sources Command relocated to Fort Knox and led to the construction of the Army Human Resources Center, the largest project in the base’s history. It’s also the home to the Army’s Re-cruiting Command and Cadet Com-mand, which hosts thousands of Army cadets each year for Cadet Summer Training. Most recently, the First The-ater Sustainment Command moved to Fort Knox in 2017. These units add an indispensable benefit to our national security, and I am proud to have each one of them in Kentucky. Further, the installation has been recognized on nu-merous occasions in the Army’s Com-munities of Excellence program and has developed a highly recognized en-ergy savings program. At the same time, the surrounding community has established a number of supportive ini-tiatives to help military families and transitioning Army personnel pursue regional employment opportunities. From its origin as a camp with 40,000 acres, this multifunctional military in-stallation has grown to cover approxi-mately 109,000 acres and is the sixth largest urban area in Kentucky. The centennial celebration is bigger than the Army, involving a passionate com-munity that supports the installation and the men and women serving there. It is my utmost privilege to join each of them in sending my congratulations to Fort Knox and to all of the Army personnel there for reaching this mile-stone. During the many events planned to mark the occasion, I wish them all the very best and would like to once again thank them for all they do to keep our nation safe. I urge all of my Senate colleagues to join me. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, family obligations unfortunately have kept me from being present for the cloture vote today on the nomination of Britt Grant, of Georgia, to be a U.S. circuit judge for the Eleventh Circuit. I have grave concerns about Justice Grant’s qualifications and her record, and, had I been present, I would have voted against cloture on her nomination. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.014 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5448 July 30, 2018 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–15, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Bahrain for defense articles and services estimated to cost $80 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–15 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Bahrain. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $49 million. Other $31 million. Total $80 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty-eight (28) TOW Improved Target Acquisition Systems (ITAS). Four (4) TOW Improved Target Acquisition System (ITAS) Floats. Non-MDE: Also included is support equip-ment, government-furnished equipment, technical manuals/publications, spare parts, tool and test equipment, training, U.S. Gov-ernment technical support/logistical sup-port, contractor technical support, other as-sociated equipment and services, and other related elements of logistics support. (iv) Military Department: Army (BA–B– UKJ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: BA–B–UKE. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 30, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Bahrain—Improved Target Acquisition System (ITAS) Launchers The Government of Bahrain has requested to buy twenty-eight (28) TOW Improved Tar-get Acquisition Systems (ITAS) and four (4) TOW Improved Target Acquisition System (ITAS) Floats. Also included are support equipment, government-furnished equip-ment, technical manuals/publications, spare parts, tool and test equipment, training, U.S. Government technical support/logistical sup-port, contractor technical support, other as-sociated equipment and services, and other related elements of logistics support. The es-timated cost is $80 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a major non-NATO ally which is an important security partner in the region. The proposed sale of the TOW ITAS and technical support will advance Bahrain’s ef-forts to develop an integrated ground defense capability. The ITAS will increase target de-tection, acquisition, recognition and engage-ments ranges for TOW anti-tank missiles. Bahrain will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of the munition and sup-port will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor involved in this program is Raytheon Missile Systems (RMS) of McKinney, Texas. There are no known off-set agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will involve multiple trips to Bahrain involving up to ten (10) U.S. Government and con-tractor representatives over a period of less than 16 weeks in total. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–15 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. This sale will involve the release of sen-sitive technology to Bahrain. The Improved Target Acquisition System (ITAS) is de-signed to fire all existing versions of the TOW missile and consists of a Target Acqui-sition Subsystem (TAS), a Fire Control Sub-system (FCS), a Li-Ion Battery Box (LBB), a modified Traversing Unit (TU) plus the standard launch tube and tripod. The ITAS provides for the integration of both the di-rect view optics and a second generation Standard Advanced Dewar Assembly (SADA) II thermal sensor into a single housing; di-rect view optics that provide viewing the target scene in daylight and non-obscured conditions; introduction of both passive and active eye safe laser-ranging; development of embedded training and training sustainment; automatic bore sight which allows the gun-ner to align the night vision system with the direct view optics; insertion of advanced Built-in Test/Built-in Test Equipment (BIT/ BITE) which provides fault detection and recognition and go/no go status for the gun-ner; and an Aided Target Tracker (ATT) that provides the capability to process infrared imagery into recognizable contour features used to assist the gunner’s aim point. The highest level of information that could be disclosed through the sale of ITAS is SE-CRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 3. A determination has been made that Bahrain can provide substantially the same degree of protection of this technology as the U.S. Government. This proposed sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives out-lined in the Policy Justification. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Justification, out-weigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Bahrain. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding, herewith Transmittal No. 18–11, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Kuwait for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $30.4 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, CHARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–11 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Kuwait. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $27.2 million. Other $3.2 million. Total $30.4 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Three hundred (300) AGM–114R Hellfire Missiles. One (1) Warhead Section Assembly. One (1) Rocket Motor. Non-MDE: Also included in the sale are missile containers, nineteen (19) M261 2.75 tube rocket launchers, spare and repair parts, repair tools, personnel training, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistical support services and other related elements of logistical and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Army (KU–B– UBN). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: KU–B– UMA—$38 million—5 Feb 2013. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 30, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kuwait—AGM–114R Hellfire Missiles The Government of Kuwait has requested to buy three hundred (300) AGM–1I4R Hellfire missiles, one (1) Warhead Section Assembly and one (1) Rocket Motor. Also included in the sale are missile containers, nineteen (19) M261 2.75 tube rocket launchers, spare and repair parts, repair tools, personnel training, U.S. Government and contractor engineer-ing, technical and logistical support services and other related elements of logistical and program support. The estimated cost is $30.4 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a regional partner that is an im-portant force for political stability and eco-nomic progress. The proposed sale improves Kuwait’s capa-bility to meet current and future threats. Kuwait will use the missiles to strengthen its homeland defense. Kuwait currently has the Hellfire missiles in its inventory and will have no difficulty absorbing these additional missiles. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be Lockheed Martin Corporation, Orlando, Florida. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.033 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5449 July 30, 2018 
Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of approximately two U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to travel to Kuwait for up to two weeks of training. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–11 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. AGM–114R Hellfire. The AGM–114R is used against heavy and light armored tar-gets, thin skinned vehicles, urban structures, bunkers, caves and personnel. The missile is Inertial Measure Unit (IMU) based, with a variable delay fuse, improved safety and reli-ability. The highest level for release of the AGM–114R is SECRET. Software and firmware documentation (e.g. Data Proc-essing, Software Requirements, Source Code, Algorithms) are not authorized for disclo-sure. The highest level of classified informa-tion that could be disclosed by a proposed sale or by testing of the end item is up to and including SECRET. The highest level that must be disclosed for production, main-tenance, or training is up to and including SECRET. Vulnerability data, counter-measures, vulnerability/susceptibility anal-ysis, and threat definitions are classified SE-CRET or CONFIDENTIAL. Detailed informa-tion to include discussions, reports and stud-ies of system capabilities, vulnerabilities and limitations that leads to conclusions on specific tactics or other counter-counter-measures (CCM) are not authorized for dis-closure. Reverse engineering could reveal SECRET information. Loss or compromise of classified information associated with AGM– 114R could lead to development of counter-measures or exploitation of system vulnerabilities by those obtaining the infor-mation. 2. Software, hardware, and other data/in-formation, which is classified or sensitive, is reviewed prior to release to protect system vulnerabilities, design data, and performance parameters. Some end item hardware, soft-ware, and other data identified above are classified at CONFIDENTIAL and SECRET levels. Potential compromise of these sys-tems is controlled through management of the basic software programs of highly sen-sitive systems and software controlled weap-on systems on a case-by-case basis. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary obtained knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures or equivalent systems which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 4. A determination has been made that Ku-wait can provide substantially the same de-gree of protection for the AGM–114R Hellfire Missiles as the U.S. Government. The sale of these missiles to Kuwait is necessary in the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 5. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Kuwait. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–07, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Bahrain for defense articles and services estimated to cost $70 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, CHARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–07 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of Bahrain. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $70 million. Total $70 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE: Follow-On Technical Support (FOTS) for the Royal Bahrain Navy Ship SABHA (FFG–90), formerly the USS Jack Wil- liams (FFG–24), transferred as Excess Defense Article on September 13, 1996. Also includes engineering, technical, and logistics serv-ices, documentation, and modification mate-rial for U.S. Navy supplied systems and equipment and other related elements of lo-gistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (BA–P– GAV, Amendment 12). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: BA–P–GAV. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: None. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: July 26, 2018. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Bahrain—Follow-On Technical Support (FOTS) for the Royal Bahrain Navy Ship ‘‘SABHA’’ (FFG–2S1) The Government of Bahrain has requested to buy items and services in support of Fol-low-On Technical Support (FOTS) for the Royal Bahrain Navy Ship SABHA (FFG–90), formerly the USS Jack Williams (FFG–24), transferred as Excess Defense Article on Sep-tember 13, 1996. Also includes engineering, technical, and logistics services, documenta-tion, and modification material for U.S. Navy supplied systems and equipment and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. The estimated program value is $70 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security objec-tives of the United States by helping to im-prove the security of a regional partner which is an important security partner in the region. Bahrain intends to use this support in order to keep the ship in operational readi-ness status for coastal defense and security. Bahrain will have no difficulty absorbing this support into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. There is no prime contractor involved in this proposed sale. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require approximately three (3) U.S. Govern-ment and six (6) contractor representatives to travel to Bahrain for an extended period for equipment fielding, systems checkout, training and technical and logistics support. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. f REMEMBERING OLGA PEDROZA Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to the late Las Cruces City councilor Olga Pedroza, a champion for justice. Ms. Pedroza passed away Feb-ruary 9, 2018, in Las Cruces, NM. Ms. Pedroza was born in a small town in Mexico, San Luis Ayucan, on Sep-tember 28, 1942. Her parents Celia and Jesus came to Chicago in the 1940s, where she attended Catholic school for elementary through high school. She graduated from Mundelein College in 1963 with a bachelor’s degree in soci-ology and minors in elementary edu-cation and theology. Ms. Pedroza then set off and worked on behalf of her community the rest of her life. She worked as a teacher for many years and, in 1980, moved to New Mexico with her then-husband and three children. By then, she had earned a master’s in education. Ms. Pedroza decided she wanted to use the law to promote her social justice goals. She entered the University of New Mexico Law School and graduated in 1985, in her early 40s. Ms. Pedroza began working for Centro Legal Campesino, the legal aid farmer worker unit, in Las Cruces in 1990. She was there over 15 years, pri-marily as the managing attorney. Dur-ing that time, she filed over 50 Federal lawsuits representing farmworkers in their fight for fair wages and other rights. Ms. Pedroza began her third career in 2009 when she was elected to the Las Cruces City Council District 3 seat, which covers central and southeast Las Cruces. Ms. Pedroza believed in change and often said, ‘‘City Council could be a place to start.’’ She served two terms before retiring. During her tenure, she fought for a living-wage ordinance and always prioritized the needs of those overlooked by society. Among other community needs, she advocated for community gardens and improved ten-nis facilities. Ms. Pedroza was a great tennis enthusiast and even competed in the Senior Olympics. She was active in the community, serving on the board of directors of the Women’s Intercultural Center in An-thony, as cochair of the local women’s bar association, and on the board of the court appointed special advocates. Ms. Pedroza worked throughout her life to change the world for the better. Her compassion, warmth, and sense of humor will be missed by her children, grandchildren, and community. I honor her work and unflagging commitment to social justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.030 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5450 July 30, 2018 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NORTH POLE TRANSIT BY USS ‘‘NAUTILUS’’ Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I wish to commemorate the 60th anni-versary of the historic ship USS Nau-tilus, SSN–571, and her historic sub-merged transit of the North Pole on August 3, 1958. The USS Nautilus was the first com-missioned nuclear-powered ship in the U.S. Navy. President Harry S. Truman laid the keel for the future ship on June 14, 1952, at the Electric Boat Ship-yard in Groton, CT. Two years later, First Lady Mamie Eisenhower launched the history-making nuclear submarine when she broke the tradi-tional bottle of champagne across the bow of the USS Nautilus. On the morning of January 17, 1955, at 11:00 a.m. EST, the Nautilus’s first Commanding Officer, Commander Eu-gene P. Wilkinson, ordered all lines cast off and signaled the memorable message, ‘‘Underway On Nuclear Power.’’ During its shakedown on May 10, 1956, the USS Nautilus cruised from Groton, CT, to San Juan, PR, in fewer than 90 hours, fully submerged for the entire journey. The underwater dis-tance—1,381 miles—was ten times far-ther than any submerged submarine had previously sailed. Following this journey, the Nautilus would shatter all submerged speed and distance records over the remainder of the decade. In response to the nuclear interconti-nental ballistic missile threat posed by the Soviet Union following the launch of the first satellite Sputnik, President Dwight D. Eisenhower ordered the U.S. Navy to attempt a submarine transit to the North Pole to gain credibility for the soon-to-come submarine- launched ballistic missile weapons sys-tem still in research and development. On July 23, 1958, the USS Nautilus de-parted Pearl Harbor, Hi, under top se-cret orders to conduct Operation Sun-shine, the first crossing of the North Pole by a ship. Eleven days later, Commander Wil-liam R. Anderson announced to the 116 men aboard, ‘‘For the world, our coun-try, and the Navy: THE NORTH POLE.’’ Thus, on August 3, 1958, the USS Nautilus became the first watercraft to reach the geographic North Pole, 90 degrees north, known also as the geographic ‘‘top of the world.’’ Following this momentous voyage, the USS Nautilus and her crew earned the Presidential Unit Citation, the first ever awarded in peacetime. After Operation Sunshine, the USS Nautilus enjoyed many more successes in her long and illustrious career of duty in the U.S. Navy, such as in Octo-ber 1962, when she participated in the naval quarantine of Cuba during the Cuban Missile Crisis. Over the years, the USS Nautilus played an integral part in numerous North Atlantic Treaty Organization— NATO—exercises and a variety of de-velopmental test programs. On Sep-tember 14, 1966, the USS Nautilus cele-brated 300,000 nautical miles of ocean faring. Having pioneered the use of nuclear power at sea, the USS Nautilus contin-ued to serve alongside many of the more modern nuclear-powered sub-marines. In April 1975, the USS Nau-tilus participated in Exercise Agate Punch. She was cited by the Com-mander Cruiser-Destroyer Group 12 as ‘‘Not Getting Older—Getting Better.’’ In the spring of 1977, the USS Nau-tilus deployed for the last time to the Mediterranean Sea, and on April 9, 1979, the Nautilus set out from Groton, CT, on her final voyage to Mare Island Naval Shipyard in Vallejo, CA. On May 25, 1979, the USS Nautilus shut down her reactor for the final time, and she reached Mare Island 4 days later. Following a career spanning 25 years and over half a million miles steamed, she decommissioned on March 3, 1980. On May 14, 1980, President Jimmy Carter authorized Groton, CT, as the permanent home for the USS Nautilus, and on May 20, 1982, the USS Nautilus was designated a National Historic Landmark by the Secretary of the In-terior. Following an extensive historic ship conversion at Mare Island Naval Shipyard, the Nautilus was towed to Groton, CT, for the final time, arriving on July 6, 1985, in preparation for dis-play to the public as a museum. On April 11, 1986, 86 years to the day after the birth of the submarine force, the historic ship Nautilus, joined by the Submarine Force Museum, opened to the public as the first and finest ex-hibit of its kind in the world, providing an educational and visible link to yes-terday’s nuclear-powered submarine. I am delighted to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the North Pole transit by USS Nautilus, SSN–571, and her accomplishments over the last 64 years. The historic ship Nautilus 
is a testament to American ingenuity, courage, and technical prowess. She de-serves the greatest reverence and con-tinues to serve as a reminder to future generations of Americans as she rests alongside modern day nuclear sub-marines at the Naval Submarine Base New London. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. GEORGE SHAMBAUGH Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I want to express my appreciation to Dr. George Shambaugh. George is an associate professor of international affairs and government in the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at George-town University. However, over the last year, he served as a fellow on my national security team. George supported my work related to foreign policy and development, includ-ing my work on the Senate Foreign Re-lations Committee. George is an excep-tionally accomplished and impressive individual who made a significant and durable contribution. His contributions related to economic statecraft, geo-political energy issues, and trans-atlantic security have been particu-larly valuable. It is rare to find such an accomplished and intelligent indi-vidual who also brings a humble and eager desire to help however needed. George will be returning to his post at Georgetown, where I know he will continue to excel as a scholar and pro-fessor. I wish him the best in the fu-ture, and I look forward to staying in touch with him. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING WALTER ‘‘BOOTS’’ MAYBERRY ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Walter ‘‘Boots’’ Mayberry, a World War II airman from Harrison, AR, whose military service, life, and career exemplify what it means to be a true patriot. Walter ‘‘Boots’’ Mayberry was born in Pine Bluff, AR, on August 11, 1923, to a large family. Mayberry’s nickname, ‘‘Boots,’’ came about during the Great Flood of 1927. His older sister, Dell, took the 4-year-old Mayberry into town and bought him a pair of rubber boots with rubber red tops. From then on, Mayberry could always be found with his boots on, regardless of if he was bathing, in church, or in bed. The nickname became official when he began first grade and told the teacher that his name was ‘‘Boots Mayberry.’’ Mayberry graduated high school in 1943 and was drafted shortly thereafter. He reported for duty at Camp Robinson and volunteered to join the Army Air Corps. After extensive training in sev-eral Stateside locations, he was at-tached to the 560th Bomb Squadron of the 388th Bomb Group in the 8th Air Corps. He was based at Knettishall, England, with the mission to bomb Germany and German-held territories, something he and the rest of the ‘‘Mighty 8th’’ did with honor. Mayberry served as a waist gunner, defending his B–17 from enemy fighter planes. He and his aircrew successfully completed nine missions before being hit by enemy fire on their 10th mission. Despite the severe damage to the plane, the pilot kept on course and dropped the bombs on their target. Mayberry and the crew were forced to bail out of the plane, which was a prob-lem for Mayberry who never learned how to use a parachute because he never thought he would have to use one. Falling head first, he pulled the ripcord and the force broke his neck. As he drifted to the ground, he was in the crosshairs of German ground fire. Paralyzed and lying in a field, Ger-man civilians brutally checked Mayberry over before soldiers locked him up in a local jail. He was detained with another airman from his crew in a different secure facility for 10 days of solitary confinement. From there, he was taken to Frankfurt for interroga-tion and moved to several locations be-fore ending up in a German POW camp, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.006 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5451 July 30, 2018 
Stalag 7A in Moosburg, Germany. He suffered inhumane conditions that tested his will to survive. Mayberry fondly remembered the American tank of the 14th Armored Di-vision that smashed through the gate, liberating the camp on April 29, 1945. Nearly 70 years after liberation, it was still emotional for Mayberry to talk about the experience of seeing the Stars and Stripes replace the Nazi flag at the camp. Two days later, Mayberry saw General George Patton who had come to survey the conditions of the camp. Mayberry didn’t receive any treat-ment for his injuries until he was ex-amined by a flight surgeon on his way to France, a staging area for soldiers heading home. After the war, Staff Sergeant Walter Mayberry lived a long, fulfilling life speaking about and writing a book on his experiences, his faith, and his love of country. He regularly participated at Veterans Day parades, Memorial Day programs, and many other civic events in and around Harrison. Sadly, Boots passed away on July 25, 2018 at the age of 94. Mayberry was a member of the Greatest Generation and a patriot dedi-cated to serving his country. He was an American hero who will be missed. I extend my sincere condolences to his family and friends, and I hope that they find comfort in the incredible leg-acy of service and patriotism that Boots leaves behind.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIJAH COLE BATSON ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Elijah Cole Batson, a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Elijah is a student at Lake Wales High School. He is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Elijah Cole Batson for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DWAYNE BIGGHAM, JR. ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Dwayne Biggham, Jr., a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Dwayne is a student at Jones High School. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Dwayne Biggham, Jr., for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ TRIBUTE TO KRUNALI BRAHMBHATT ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Krunali Brahmbhatt, a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Krunali is a student at Winter Springs High School. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Krunali Brahmbhatt for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO CESAR DAGER CARLESSO ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Cesar Dager Carlesso, a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Cesar is a student at the University of Florida. He is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Cesar Dager Carlesso for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued suc-cess in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LORINE DESROCHES ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Lorine Desroches, a 2018 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Lorine is an incoming student at the University of Florida. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Lorine Desroches for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MATHEW HENDERSON ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Mathew Henderson, a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Mathew is a student at Florida State University. He is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Mathew Henderson for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ TRIBUTE TO WHITNEY HEROLD ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Whitney Herold, a 2018 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Whitney is a student at Valencia Col-lege. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of her internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Whitney Herold for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO NATALIE IKERD ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Natalie Ikerd, a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Natalie is a student at the University of Florida Levin College of Law, where she is pursuing her juris doctorate. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Natalie Ikerd for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REBEKAH KAUFMAN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Rebekah Kaufman, a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Rebekah is a student at the Univer-sity of Central Florida. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Rebekah Kaufman for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MEGGIE LI ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Meggie Li, a 2018 summer in-tern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Meggie is a student at Winter Springs High School. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Meggie Li for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30JY6.007 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5452 July 30, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO SARA LIND ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Sara Lind, a 2018 summer in-tern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Sara is a student at the University of Florida. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of her internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Sara Lind for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANA MEHANNA ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Dana Mehanna, a 2018 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Dana is a student at Florida State University. She is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Dana Mehanna for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOSEPH MELENDEZ ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Joseph Melendez, a 2018 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Joseph is a student at the University of Central Florida. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Joseph Melendez for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MADELINE MILLS ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Madeline Mills, a 2018 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Madeline is a student at the Univer-sity of Central Florida. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Madeline Mills for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAITLIN MOORE ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Caitlin Moore, a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Caitlin is a student at Boone High School. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of her internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Caitlin Moore for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO SIENNA OTTINGER ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Sienna Ottinger, a 2018 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Sienna is an incoming student at the University of Mississippi. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Sienna Ot-tinger for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HANNAH TIPTON ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Hannah Tipton, a 2018 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Hannah is a student at Charleston School of Law, where she is pursuing her juris doctorate. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Hannah Tipton for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHAWN TULLOCK ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Shawn Tullock, a 2018 sum-mer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Shawn is a student at the University of Florida. He is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Shawn Tullock for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARCO USECHE ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Marco Useche, a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Marco is an incoming freshman at Loyola University. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Marco Useche for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MARK WHITTEN ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Mark Whitten, a 2018 summer intern in my Orlando office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Mark is a graduate of Liberty Uni-versity. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Mark Whit-ten for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6075. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Review Group, Farm Service Agency, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2017 Wildfires and Hurri-canes Indemnity Program’’ (RIN0560–AI39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6076. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Peanut Promotion, Research, and Information Order; Change in Assessment Rate Computa-tion’’ ((7 CFR Part 1216) (Docket No. AMS– SC–16–0115)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6077. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inspection Application Requirements’’ ((7 CFR Parts 51 and 52) (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0063 FIR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6078. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cran-berries Grown in States of Massachusetts, et al.; Establishment of Handler Diversion and Reporting Requirements and New Informa-tion Collection’’ ((7 CFR Part 929) (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0066; SC17–929–3 FR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:37 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.036 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5453 July 30, 2018 
Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6079. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tart Cher-ries Grown in the States of Michigan, et al.; Revision of Exemption Requirements’’ ((7 CFR Part 930) (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0047; SC17–930–1 FR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6080. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6081. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Rex C. McMillian, United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6082. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13441 with re-spect to Lebanon; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6083. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility; Massachusetts: City of Haver-hill’’ (Docket No. FEMA–2018–0002) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6084. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Director of the Office of Financial Research, Depart-ment of the Treasury, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 27, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6085. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Vacatur Response—CERCLA/EPCRA Administrative Reporting Exemption for Air Releases of Hazardous Substances from Ani-mal Waste at Farms; FARM Act Amend-ments to CERCLA Release Notification Re-quirements’’ ((RIN2050–AG66) (FRL No. 9981– 52–OLEM)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6086. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of Idaho Voluntary Transfer of Primacy of the Class II Underground Injec-tion Control Program to the Environmental Protection Agency’’ (FRL No. 9981–56–OW) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6087. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Renewable Fuel Standard Program: Grain Sorghum Oil Pathway’’ ((RIN2060– AT82) (FRL No. 9981–57–OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6088. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Hazardous and Solid Waste Manage-ment System: Disposal of Coal Combustion Residuals from Electric Utilities; Amend-ments to the National Minimum Criteria (Phase One, Part One); Final Rule’’ ((RIN2050–AG88) (FRL No. 9981–18–OLEM)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6089. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Air Qual-ity Standards Update for the 2015 Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9981–46–Region 5) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6090. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; PSD Infrastructure SIP Requirements’’ (FRL No. 9981–45–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6091. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Washington; Re-gional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9981– 50–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6092. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Evaluation for BWRVIP–62–A, ‘Boiling Water Reactor Vessel and Internals Project, Tech-nical Basis for Inspection Relief for BWR In-ternal Components with Hydrogen Injection,’ Use of Online Noble Metal Chemistry in Boil-ing Waters Reactors’’ (Docket No. 99902016) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6093. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Evaluation for BWRVIP–41, Revision 4, ‘BWR Jet Pump Assembly Inspection and Flaw Evaluation Guidelines’’’ ((CAC No. MF4887) (EPID L–2014-TOP–0008)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6094. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Office of Fossil Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Small-Scale Natural Gas Ex-ports’’ (RIN1901–AB43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–6095. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Recovery Auditing in Medicare Fee-for-Service for Fis-cal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6096. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Definitions of Qualified Matching Contributions and Quali-fied Nonelective Contributions’’ ((RIN1545– BN05) (TD 9835)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6097. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Returns by Exempt Organizations and Returns by Certain Non- exempt Organizations’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–38) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6098. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to the Neth-erlands to support the modernization of the Royal Netherlands Air Force fleet of six CH– 47F(NL) Chinook Helicopters in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–011); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6099. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Israel to support the installation, testing, mainte-nance, and repair of Trophy anti-tank active protection systems for end use by the Israel Ministry of Defense in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 18–020); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–6100. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Japan to support the installation, testing, mainte-nance, and repair of Mk15 Close-In Weapon System and the SeaRAM Weapon System for end use by the Japanese Ministry of Defense in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 18–003); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6101. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘District Overtime Tops $108 Million; Better Manage-ment and Additional Staff Could Reduce Costs’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6102. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Shopping for Public Schools in the District of Colum-bia’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6103. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Public Schools in the District: Data, Reform, and the Future’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6104. A communication from the Chief, Administrative Law Division, Central Intel-ligence Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Inspector General, Central Intel-ligence Agency, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.002 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5454 July 30, 2018 
EC–6105. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants: Final Rule To List the Taiwanese Humpback Dolphin as Endangered Under the Endangered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XE571) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6106. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendments to Regulations Governing NVOCC Negotiated Rate Arrange-ments and NVOCC Service Arrangements’’ (RIN3072–AC68) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 23, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6107. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0270)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6108. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0588)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6109. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0115)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6110. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0275)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6111. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0274)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6112. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; American Champion Air-craft Corp.’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0003)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6113. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Can-ada Limited Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0757)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6114. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc.’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0606)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6115. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce Corporation Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2017–1118)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6116. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Safran Helicopter Engines, S.A., Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2013–0024)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6117. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Mineral Point, WI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018– 0087)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6118. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Aber-deen, MD’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0128)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6119. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace and Class E Air-space; Wrightstown, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1188)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6120. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Ellijay, GA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0217)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6121. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion and Amendment of Class E Airspace; Philipsburg, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0755)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6122. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Canadian Area Navigation (RNAV) Route T–705; Northeastern United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0050)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6123. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Restricted Areas R–5602A and R– 5602B; Fort Sill, OK’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Dock-et No. FAA–2017–0144)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6124. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (67)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6125. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures; Miscella-neous Amendments (65)’’ (RIN2120–AA65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6126. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Education, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Federal Preemption and State Regu-lation of the Department of Education’s Fed-eral Student Loan Programs and Federal Student Loan Servicers’’ (34 CFR Chapter VI) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–279. A petition from the Mayor of the City of Cotati, California memorializing the Cotati City Council’s support for the Rev-enue-Neutral Carbon Fee and Dividend Pro-gram; to the Committee on Finance. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: H.R. 4567. A bill to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel en-hancement plan, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–308). By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with amendments: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.004 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5455 July 30, 2018 
S. 436. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an affirmative commercial quan-tities determination, to substitute certain land selections of the Navajo Nation, to des-ignate certain wilderness areas, and for other purposes. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 440. A bill to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 497. To direct the Secretary of the In-terior to convey certain Federal lands in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation Dis-trict, and to accept in return certain non- Federal lands, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 501. A resolution recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expres-sion around the world and reaffirming free-dom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to pro-mote democracy and good governance. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 541. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that any United States- Saudi Arabia civilian nuclear cooperation agreement must prohibit the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from enriching uranium or sep-arating plutonium on its own territory, in keeping with the strongest possible non-proliferation ‘‘gold standard’’. S. Res. 571. A resolution condemning the ongoing illegal occupation of Crimea by the Russian Federation. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 930. A bill to require the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration to establish a pilot project to provide in-creased transparency for customers, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1023. A bill to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fis-cal year 2021, and for other purposes. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1030. A bill to require the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to submit to Congress a report on certain hydropower projects. S. 1142. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of certain hydroelectric projects. S. 2074. A bill to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other pur-poses. S. 2102. A bill to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, and for other pur-poses. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 2582. A bill to authorize the State of Utah to select certain lands that are avail-able for disposal under the Pony Express Re-source Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions, and for other purposes. H.R. 2768. A bill to designate certain moun-tain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: H.R. 2897. A bill to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into co-operative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 4609. A bill to provide for the convey-ance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire sta-tion. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 3296. A bill to provide for Federal coordi-nation of activities supporting sustainable chemistry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. LEE: S. 3297. A bill to provide for the expansion of the Desert Tortoise Habitat Conservation Plan, Washington County, Utah; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3298. A bill to extend the authority of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund, Inc., to establish a visitor center for the Vietnam Veterans Memorial; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. 3299. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to improve the Transition As-sistance Program for members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
URPHY , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): S. Res. 597. A resolution urging the release of information regarding the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks upon the United States; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ): S. Res. 598. A resolution calling upon the United States Senate to give its advice and consent to the ratification of the United Na-tions Convention on the Law of the Sea; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R
EED, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. Res. 599. A resolution designating Sep-tember 25, 2018, as ‘‘National Lobster Day’’; considered and agreed to. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 58 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 58, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the ex-cise tax on high cost employer-spon-sored health coverage. 
S. 108 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 108, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
S. 422 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 422, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify pre-sumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vi-cinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 515, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly avail-able list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require dis-closure of the physical location of busi-ness agents engaging in customer serv-ice communications, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 890 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 890, a bill to grant the Congres-sional Gold Medal to the troops who defended Bataan during World War II. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 2128 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2128, a bill to improve the coordination and use of geospatial data. 
S. 2203 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2203, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitration. 
S. 2432 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2432, a bill to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Oct 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JULY\S30JY8.REC S30JY8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5456 July 30, 2018 
charter of the Future Farmers of America, and for other purposes. 
S. 2490 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2490, a bill to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mort-gage disclosures. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2554 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2554, a bill to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain infor-mation to enrollees. 
S. 2600 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2600, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on indoor tanning services. 
S. 2784 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2784, a bill to reauthorize the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2823, a bill to mod-ernize copyright law, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2895 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2895, a bill to designate the Quindaro Townsite National Historic Landmark, and for other purposes. 
S. 2996 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2996, a bill to make available necessary disaster assistance for fami-lies affected by major disasters, and for other purposes. S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3057, a bill to provide for the proc-essing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the pro-vision of advance electronic informa-tion on international mail shipments of mail. 
S. 3063 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3063, a bill to delay the reimposition of the annual fee on health insurance pro-viders until after 2020. 
S. 3140 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3140, a bill to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to provide for the establish-ment of a trust for the benefit of all unpaid cash sellers of livestock, and for other purposes. 
S. 3170 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3170, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting re-quirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation vis-ual depictions, and for other purposes. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a Na-tional Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 3178 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3178, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 3200 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3200, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an alternative removal for performance or misconduct for Federal employees. 
S. 3231 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3231, a bill to establish the Task Force on the Impact of the Affordable Housing Crisis, and for other purposes. 
S. 3247 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. ISAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3247, a bill to improve programs and ac-tivities relating to women’s entrepre-neurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Devel-opment, and for other purposes. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3257, a bill to impose sanctions on foreign per-sons responsible for serious violations of international law regarding the pro-tection of civilians during armed con-flict, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 525 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 525, a resolution des-ignating September 2018 as National Democracy Month as a time to reflect on the contributions of the system of government of the United States to a more free and stable world. 
S. RES. 579 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 579, a resolution honoring the life, accomplishments, and legacy of Nelson Mandela on the centenary of his birth. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3459 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Mis-souri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3459 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3464 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3464 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3496 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 3496 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3504 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.007 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5457 July 30, 2018 
amendment No. 3504 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3566 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3566 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3582 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3582 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3595 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3595 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3597 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3597 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3601 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3601 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3611 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3611 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3612 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. GILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3612 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3619 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALD-
WIN), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3619 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3644 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3644 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3298. A bill to extend the authority of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund, Inc., to establish a visitor center for the Vietnam Veterans Memorial; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the Viet-nam War spanned twenty years with nearly 60,000 American soldiers’ lives lost. Many others served in this war and either came back wounded or were changed forever. Simply put, this war shaped an entire generation. It is im-perative that we honor and commemo-rate this generation of American serv-ice members who sacrificed their liveli-hood, and in some cases their lives, for the sake of their Nation. I firmly believe that history is our greatest teacher. In an attempt to ven-erate and educate the American public of the sacrifices American soldiers made in Vietnam, the Vietnam Vet-erans Memorial Fund was founded. Dedicated in 1982, the Vietnam Vet-erans Memorial spans over 493 feet with the names of fallen servicemen and women inscribed into the black granite. Each year millions come to pay their respects at The Wall. To further commemorate the sac-rifices made by American soldiers, the Education Center at The Wall will be added as an addition to the Memorial. It will aid in the continual education of the sacrifices made in the Vietnam War, so that all who visit may learn from this period of history and pass it on to the generations to come. The Education Center at The Wall will be an underground center, located near The Wall. The proposed center will show the faces of each soldier whose name is on the wall, showcase some of the artifacts left behind at The Wall, and highlight the inspiration of the monument designer Maya Lin. In 2003, Congress authorized the Viet-nam Veterans Memorial Fund (VVMF) to raise funds to construct a visitor and education center. The funds needed to complete this project must be com-pletely raised by private donations. The project is estimated to cost ap-proximately $130 million and after fif-teen years of fundraising, the VVMF still needs a few extra years to raise the needed capital. I am proud to introduce the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Visitor Center Ex-tension Act along with my colleague, Senator Duckworth. This bill will ex-tend the authorization for an addi-tional four years until 2022, to allow VVMF the time they need to complete this important project to honor those who served and died in Vietnam. It is imperative that we continually educate the American public and all who visit about those who served and sacrificed for their country during the Vietnam War. The Education Center at The Wall will allow for this unique edu-cational opportunity. I ask my col-leagues to join Senator DUCKWORTH and me in supporting this bipartisan effort. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3298 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Vietnam Veterans Memorial Visitor Center Extension Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO ESTAB-LISH VIETNAM VETERANS MEMO-RIAL VISITOR CENTER. 
Section 6(b)(5) of Public Law 96–297 (54 U.S.C. 320301 note; 94 Stat. 827; 117 Stat. 1348; 124 Stat. 2851; 127 Stat. 490) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 597—URGING THE RELEASE OF INFORMATION REGARDING THE SEPTEMBER 11, 2001, TERRORIST ATTACKS UPON THE UNITED STATES Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M UR-
PHY, and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
S. R ES. 597 Whereas tens of thousands of pages of doc-uments relating to the September 11, 2001, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.009 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5458 July 30, 2018 
terrorist attacks upon the United States re-main classified by the Federal Government; Whereas the contents of these documents are necessary for a full public understanding of the events and circumstances surrounding the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks; Whereas the decision to maintain the clas-sified status of many of these documents pre-vents the people of the United States from having access to information about the Sep-tember 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, including the involvement of certain foreign govern-ments in the attacks; and Whereas the people of the United States and the families of the victims of the Sep-tember 11, 2001, terrorist attacks deserve full and public disclosure of the events sur-rounding the attacks: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) documents related to the events of Sep-tember 11, 2001, should be declassified to the greatest extent possible; and (2) the survivors, the families of the vic-tims, and the people of the United States de-serve answers about the events and cir-cumstances surrounding the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks upon the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 598—CALL-ING UPON THE UNITED STATES SENATE TO GIVE ITS ADVICE AND CONSENT TO THE RATIFICA-TION OF THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON THE LAW OF THE SEA Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 598 Whereas the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) was adopted by Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea in December 1982, and entered into force in November 1994 to establish a treaty regime to govern activities on, over, and under the world’s oceans; Whereas UNCLOS builds on four 1958 law of the sea conventions to which the United States is a party, including the Convention on the Territorial Sea and the Contiguous Zone, the Convention on the High Seas, the Convention on the Continental Shelf, and the Convention on Fishing and Conservation of the Living Resources of the High Seas; Whereas the treaty and an associated 1994 agreement relating to implementation of the treaty were transmitted to the Senate on Oc-tober 6, 1994, and, in the absence of Senate advice and consent to adherence, the United States is not a party to the convention and the associated 1994 agreement; Whereas the convention has been ratified by 167 parties, which includes 166 states and the European Union, but not the United States; Whereas the United States, like most other countries, believes that coastal states under UNCLOS have the right to regulate eco-nomic activities in their Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZs), but do not have the right to regulate foreign military activities in their EEZs; Whereas the treaty’s provisions relating to navigational rights, including those in EEZs, reflect the United States diplomatic position on the issue dating back to UNCLOS’s adop-tion in 1982; Whereas becoming a party to the treaty would reinforce the United States perspec-tive into permanent international law; Whereas becoming a party to the treaty would give the United States standing to participate in discussions relating to the treaty and thereby improve the United States ability to intervene as a full party to disputes relating to navigational rights, and to defend United States interpretations of the treaty’s provisions, including those re-lating to whether coastal states have a right under UNCLOS to regulate foreign military activities in their EEZs; Whereas relying on customary inter-national norms to defend United States in-terests in these issues is not sufficient, be-cause it is not universally accepted and is subject to change over time based on state practice; Whereas relying on other nations to assert claims on behalf of the United States at the Hague Convention is woefully insufficient to defend and uphold United States sovereign rights and interests; Whereas the Permanent Court of Arbitra-tion, in their July 12, 2016, ruling on the case In the Matter of the South China Sea Arbi-tration, stated that ‘‘the Tribunal forwarded to the Parties for their comment a Note Verbale from the Embassy of the United States of America, requesting to send a rep-resentative to observe the hearing’’ and ‘‘the Tribunal communicated to the Parties and the U.S. Embassy that it had decided that ‘only interested States parties to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea will be admitted as observers’ and thus could not accede to the U.S. request’’; Whereas the past Chief of Naval Oper-ations, Admiral Jonathan Greenert, stated ‘‘as a party to UNCLOS, we will be in a bet-ter position to counter the efforts of coastal nations to restrict freedom of the seas’’ on February 16, 2012, before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas the Secretary of the Navy, the Honorable Ray Mabus, stated that ‘‘the UNCLOS treaty guarantees rights such as in-nocent passage through territorial seas; transit passage through, under and over international straits; and the laying and maintaining of submarine cables,’’ and that ‘‘the convention has been approved by nearly every maritime power and all the permanent members of the UN Security Council, except the United States’’ on February 16, 2012, be-fore the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas the Secretary of the Navy, the Honorable Ray Mabus, further stated that ‘‘[o]ur notable absence as a signatory weak-ens our position with other nations, allowing the introduction of expansive definitions of sovereignty on the high seas that undermine our ability to defend our mineral rights along our own continental shelf and in the Arctic,’’ and that ‘‘the Department strongly supports the accession to UNCLOS, an action consistently recommended by my prede-cessors of both parties’’ on February 16, 2012, before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas the President and the Chief Exec-utive Officer of the United States Chamber of Commerce, Thomas J. Donahue, stated that the Chamber ‘‘supports joining the Con-vention because it is in our national inter-est—both in our national security and our economic interests,’’ that ‘‘becoming a party to the Treaty benefits the U.S. economically by providing American companies the legal certainty and stability they need to hire and invest,’’ and that ‘‘companies will be hesi-tant to take on the investment risk and cost to explore and develop the resources of the sea—particularly on the extended conti-nental shelf (ECS)—without the legal cer-tainty and stability accession to LOS pro-vides’’ on June 28, 2012, before the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; Whereas Mr. Donahue further stated that ‘‘the benefits of joining cut across many im-portant industries including telecommuni-cations, mining, shipping, and oil and nat-ural gas,’’ and ‘‘joining the Convention will provide the U.S. a critical voice on maritime issues—from mineral claims in the Arctic to how International Seabed Authority (ISA) funds are distributed’’ on June 28, 2012, be-fore the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; Whereas the past Commander of United States Pacific Command, Admiral Samuel J. Locklear, stated that UNCLOS is ‘‘widely ac-cepted after a lot of years of deliberation by many, many countries, most countries in my Area of Responsibility (AOR)’’ and that ‘‘when we’re not a signatory, it reduces our overall credibility when we bring it up as a choice of how you might solve a dispute of any kind’’ on April 16, 2015, before the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas the Commandant of the United States Coast Guard, Admiral Paul Zukunft, stated on February 12, 2016, that ‘‘[w]ith the receding of the icepack, the Arctic Ocean has become the focus of international interest,’’ that ‘‘[a]ll Arctic states agree that the Law of the Sea Convention is the governing legal regime for the Arctic Ocean . . . yet, we re-main the only Arctic nation that has not ratified the very instrument that provides this accepted legal framework governing the Arctic Ocean and its seabed,’’ and that ‘‘[r]atification of the Law of the Sea Conven-tion supports our economic interests, envi-ronmental protection, and safety of life at sea, especially in the Arctic Ocean’’; Whereas former Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Jonathan Greenert, further stated that ‘‘remaining outside Law of the Sea Con-vention (LOSC) is inconsistent with our prin-ciples, our national security strategy and our leadership in commerce and trade’’ and that ‘‘virtually every major ally of the U.S. is a party to LOSC, as are all other perma-nent members of the U.N. Security Council and all other Arctic nations’’ on June 14, 2012, before the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate; Whereas Admiral Greenert further stated that ‘‘our absence [from LOSC] could provide an excuse for nations to selectively choose among Convention provisions or abandon it altogether, thereby eroding the navigational freedoms we enjoy today’’ and that ‘‘acces-sion would enhance multilateral operations with our partners and demonstrate a clear commitment to the rule of law for the oceans’’ on June 14, 2012, before the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas the United States Special Rep-resentative of State for the Arctic and former Commandant of the Coast Guard, Ad-miral Robert Papp, Jr., stated that ‘‘as a non-party to the Law of the Sea Convention, the U.S. is at a significant disadvantage rel-ative to the other Arctic Ocean coastal States,’’ that ‘‘those States are parties to the Convention, and are well along the path to obtaining legal certainty and inter-national recognition of their Arctic extended continental shelf,’’ and that ‘‘becoming a Party to the Law of the Sea Convention would allow the United States to fully secure its rights to the continental shelf off the coast of Alaska, which is likely to extend out to more than 600 nautical miles’’ on De-cember 10, 2014, before the Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia and Emerging Threats of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; Whereas the Chairman of the Joints Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph F. Dunford, stated that ‘‘[t]he Convention provides legal cer-tainty in the world’s largest maneuver space,’’ that ‘‘access would strengthen the legal foundation for our ability to transit through international straits and archipelagic waters; preserve our right to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.015 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5459 July 30, 2018 
conduct military activities in other coun-tries’ Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZs) without notice or permission; reaffirm the sovereign immunity of warships; provide a framework to counter excessive maritime claims; and preserve or operations and intel-ligence-collection activities,’’ and that ‘‘joining the Convention would also dem-onstrate our commitment to the rule of law, strengthen our credibility among those na-tions that are already party to the Conven-tion, and allow us to bring the full force of our influence in challenging excessive mari-time claims’’ on July 9, 2015, before the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas Chairman of the Joints Chiefs of Staff General Dunford further stated that ‘‘by remaining outside the Convention, the United States remains in scarce company with Iran, Venezuela, North Korea, and Syria’’ and that ‘‘by failing to join the Con-vention, some countries may come to doubt our commitment to act in accordance with international law’’ on July 9, 2015, before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas the Chief of Naval Operations, Ad-miral John M. Richardson, stated that ‘‘ac-ceding to the Convention would strengthen our credibility and strategic position’’ and that ‘‘we undermine our leverage by not signing up to the same rule book by which we are asking other countries to accept’’ on July 30, 2015, before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas Admiral Richardson further stat-ed that ‘‘becoming a part of [UNCLOS] would give us a great deal of credibility, and par-ticularly as it pertains to the unfolding op-portunities in the Arctic’’ and that ‘‘this provides a framework to adjudicate dis-putes’’ on July 30, 2015, before the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas the Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Asian and Pacific Security Affairs, the Honorable David Shear, stated that ‘‘while the United States operates consistent with the United Nations convention on the law of the sea, we’ve seen positive momen-tum in promoting shared rules of the road’’ and that ‘‘our efforts would be greatly strengthened by Senate ratification of UNCLOS’’ on September 17, 2015, before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas the Commander of the United States Pacific Command, Admiral Harry B. Harris, stated that ‘‘all maritime claims must be derived from land features in ac-cordance with international law as reflected in the Law of the Sea Convention, and any disputes should be settled peacefully and in accordance with international law’’ and that ‘‘our efforts would be greatly strengthened by Senate ratification of UNCLOS’’ on Sep-tember 17, 2015, before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; Whereas Admiral Harris further stated that ‘‘I think that by not signing onto it that we lose the creditability for the very same thing that we’re arguing for . . . which is the following—accepting rules and norms in the international arena. The United States is a beacon—we’re a beacon on a hill but I think that light is brighter if we sign on to UNCLOS’’ on February 23, 2016, at a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and Whereas former Commander of United States Pacific Command, retired Admiral Dennis Blair, stated that ‘‘if we want to focus on the Asia-Pacific going forward, we’re going to have to find a way to pass the Law of the Sea because it does hurt us and it is striking to us that the Chinese have signed and they’re obligated but don’t want to do it,’’ and that ‘‘we have not signed but want them to do it, right? So it’s ironical to many in the region’’ on July 13, 2016, before the Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cyber Security of the Committee on Foreign Services of the Sen-ate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) affirms that it is in the national inter-est for the United States to become a formal signatory of the United Nations Convention of the Law of the Sea; (2) urges the Senate to give its advice and consent to the ratification of the United Na-tions Convention of the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS); and (3) recommends the ratification of UNCLOS remain a top priority for the ad-ministration, having received bipartisan sup-port from every President since 1994, and having most recently been underscored by the strategic challenges the United States faces in the Asia-Pacific region and more specifically in the South China Sea. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 599—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 25, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL LOBSTER DAY’’ Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R
EED, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 599 Whereas American lobster is consistently among the most valuable species landed in the United States; Whereas lobstering has served as an eco-nomic engine and family tradition in the United States for centuries; Whereas thousands of families in the United States make their livelihoods from catching, processing, or serving lobsters; Whereas the lobster industry employs peo-ple of all ages, and many harvesters begin fishing as children and stay in the industry for their entire working lives; Whereas historical lore notes that lobster likely joined turkey on the table at the very first Thanksgiving feast in 1621, and it con-tinues to be a mainstay during many other holiday traditions; Whereas responsible resource management practices beginning in the 1600s have created one of the most sustainable fisheries in the world; Whereas, throughout history, United States presidents have served lobster at their inaugural celebrations and state din-ners with international leaders; Whereas lobster is an excellent, versatile source of lean protein that is low in satu-rated fat and high in vitamin B12; Whereas the peak of the lobstering season in the United States occurs in the late sum-mer; Whereas the growing reputation of the American lobster as a unique, high-quality, and healthy food has increased its consump-tion and driven demand internationally; Whereas the Unicode Consortium added a lobster to its latest emoji set in recognition of the popularity of the species around the world; Whereas countless people in the United States enjoy lobster rolls to celebrate sum-mer, from beaches to backyards and fine din-ing restaurants to lobster shacks; Whereas lobster inspires festivals from Maine to California, where people come to-gether to celebrate their love for the crusta-cean; Whereas many people in the United States continue to enjoy steamed lobster with drawn butter; and Whereas the number of recipes incor-porating lobster is growing with chefs across the United States incorporating the protein in new and creative ways from lobster dump-lings to lobster grilled cheese: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 25, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Lobster Day’’; and (2) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3666. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3667. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3668. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3669. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3670. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3671. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3672. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3673. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3674. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3675. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3676. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3677. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3678. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3679. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.016 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5460 July 30, 2018 
SA 3680. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1182, to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3681. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. W ARNER , and Ms. W ARREN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appro-priations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3682. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3666. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 414, line 24, strike ‘‘determines’’ and insert the following: ‘‘determines: Pro- vided further, That funds provided for na-tional infrastructure investments for pas-senger rail transportation projects under title I of division C of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55; 125 Stat. 641), may be ex-pended until September 30, 2019: Provided fur-ther, That funds provided for national infra-structure investment for port infrastructure projects under title VIII of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appro-priations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 432) shall be available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That of the unobli-gated balances of contract authority for the TIFIA program (as defined in section 601(a) of title 23, United States Code), $13,000,000 shall be permanently rescinded, and the as-sociated obligation limitation shall be re-duced by an equal amount.’’. 
SA 3667. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. In the case of any funds made available for national infrastructure invest-ments for any passenger rail transportation project under title I of division C of the Con-solidated and Further Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55; 125 Stat. 641), the Secretary of Transportation shall allow the recipient of a grant from those funds to expend funds by making an advance payment to Amtrak until September 30, 2018. 
SA 3668. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 360, line 13, strike ‘‘$60,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$67,500,000’’. 
SA 3669. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Depart-ment of Transportation may be obligated or expended to implement, administer, or en-force the requirements of section 31137 of title 49, United States Code, or any regula-tion issued by the Secretary pursuant to such section, with respect to the use of elec-tronic logging devices by operators of com-mercial motor vehicles, as defined in section 31132(1) of such title, transporting livestock, as defined in section 602 of the Emergency Livestock Feed Assistance Act of 1988 (7 U.S.C. 1471) or insects. 
SA 3670. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available to the Federal Transit Administration under this title to carry out sections 5307, 5311, 5337, and 5339 of title 49, United States Code, may be used in awarding a contract or subcontract to an entity on or after the date of enact-ment of this Act for the procurement of roll-ing stock for use in public transportation if the manufacturer of the rolling stock is in-corporated in or has manufacturing facilities in the United States and receives support from the government of a country that— (1) is identified as a nonmarket economy country (as defined in section 771(18) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(18))) as of the date of enactment of this Act; (2) was identified by the United States Trade Representative in the most recent re-port required by section 182 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2242) as a priority foreign country under subsection (a)(2) of that sec-tion; and (3) is subject to monitoring by the Trade Representative under section 306 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2416). (b) This section shall be applied in a man-ner consistent with the obligations of the United States under international agree-ments. (c)(1) This section shall not apply to the award of a contract or subcontract made by a public transportation agency with a rail rolling stock manufacturer described in sub-section (a) if the manufacturer produced rail rolling stock for an eligible public transpor-tation agency through a contract executed prior to the date of enactment of this Act. (2) A rail rolling stock manufacturer de-scribed in subsection (a) may not use funds provided under a contract or subcontract de-scribed in paragraph (1) to expand the manu-facturer’s production of rail rolling stock within the United States to an amount that is greater than the amount required under contractual obligations of the manufacturer as of the date of enactment of this Act. (d) Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to apply to funds that are not appro-priated or otherwise made available to the Federal Transit Administration under this title. SA 3671. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able under this Act may be used to provide housing assistance benefits for an individual who is convicted of— (1) aggravated sexual abuse under section 2241 of title 18, United States Code; (2) murder under section 1111 of title 18, United States Code; or (3) any other Federal or State offense in-volving— (A) severe forms of trafficking in persons or sex trafficking, as those terms are defined in paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively, of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); or (B) child pornography, as defined in section 2256 of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 3672. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 167, between lines 22 and 23, insert the following: S
EC. 129. Of amounts appropriated under this title, not less than $1,000,000 shall be made available to the Office of Foreign As-sets Control to ensure appropriate staffing and to achieve meaningful and robust imple-mentation of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note), the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–44; 131 Stat. 886), and other provisions of law au-thorizing or requiring the imposition of sanctions. 
SA 3673. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.017 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5461 July 30, 2018 
SEC. llll. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND CON-TINUED APPLICABILITY OF SANC-TIONS UNDER THE SERGEI MAGNITSKY RULE OF LAW AC-COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2012. 
Section 216(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Russia Sanc-tions Review Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9511(a)(2)(B)(i)) is amended— (1) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 (title IV of Public Law 112–208; 22 U.S.C. 5811 note); and’’. 
SA 3674. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion D, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. (a) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall carry out, and make publicly available the results of, a study— (1)(A) to identify opportunities for personal autonomous vehicles to reduce fuel use, con-gestion, and vehicle miles traveled; and (B) to examine opportunities to coordinate the introduction of personal autonomous ve-hicles with vehicle fleets, ride sharing, elec-tric vehicles, and related fueling infrastruc-ture in both urban and rural communities; and (2) if adequate information is not available to carry out paragraph (1), to identify re-search needs. (b) The study under subsection (a) shall consider impacts on— (1) drive cycle, including speed of driving, routing, drag, acceleration and deceleration, and communication; (2) demand, including accessibility, park-ing, miles traveled, commute distances, and cost per mile traveled; (3) vehicle design, including electrification, light-weighting, right-sizing, acceleration, and biofuel integration; and (4) fleet optimization, including shared au-tonomous vehicles, mobility on demand serv-ices, and efficient routing. (c) In carrying out the study under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Transportation shall consult with— (1) the Intelligent Transportation Systems Joint Program Office of the Department of Transportation; (2) the Vehicles Technologies Office of the Department of Energy; (3) relevant National Laboratories (as de-fined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)); (4) the Office of Air and Radiation of the Environmental Protection Agency; (5) relevant State, regional, and local plan-ning commissions and governments; and (6) relevant nonprofit organizations. (d) In making the study under subsection (a) publicly available, the Secretary of Transportation shall ensure that no con-fidential business information is revealed. 
SA 3675. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title III of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
RURAL HEALTH AND SAFETY EDUCATION  
PROGRAMS  Any funds provided by this Act for rural health and safety education programs au-thorized under section 502(i) of the Rural De-velopment Act of 1972 (7 U.S.C. 2662(i)) may be used under those programs to address the opioid abuse epidemic and to combat opioid abuse in rural communities. 
SA 3676. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. llll. (a) There are appropriated under the heading ‘‘Operation of Indian Pro-grams’’ under the heading ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education’’, in addition to any other amounts made avail-able under such heading and in order to pro-vide additional funding for hiring staff for tribal detention facilities, including address-ing the needs of newly funded tribal deten-tion facilities, $2,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated under the heading ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’ for the Department of the Interior is hereby reduced by $2,000,000. 
SA 3677. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 464, line 4, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this head-ing and the heading ‘National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’, not more than $500,000 may be made available to provide a discount of not less than 15 percent on passenger fares to veterans (as defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code).’’. 
SA 3678. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 258, after line 3, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. 634. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Trade Commission shall submit to Congress a report that describes— (1) the number of consumer complaints submitted to the Federal Trade Commission regarding the pet leasing industry; (2) the geographic breakdown of com-plaints described in paragraph (1); (3) the actions taken by the Federal Trade Commission against pet leasing companies; and (4) the authority available to the Federal Trade Commission to take action against pet leasing companies, including how the Fed-eral Trade Commission can best collaborate with State attorneys general in enforcing laws relating to such companies. SA 3679. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. H
OEVEN , and Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 424, line 12, strike the period and insert ‘‘Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, up to $6,000,000 shall be used for providing match-ing funds to qualified commercial entities seeking to demonstrate or validate tech-nologies that the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration considers essential to the safe inte-gration of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) in the National Airspace System at Federal Aviation Administration designated UAS test sites: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall identify es-sential integration technologies that could be demonstrated or validated at test sites designated in accordance with the preceding proviso.’’. 
SA 3680. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1182, to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 3. ELIMINATION OF COVERAGE FOR HIGH- COST RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES. 
Section 1305 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4012) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION OF COVERAGE FOR HIGH- 
COST RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may not make available flood insurance under this title for any single-family residential structure— ‘‘(A) that is built after the date of enact-ment of this subsection; and ‘‘(B) with respect to which the replacement cost is not less than $2,500,000. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘replacement cost’, with re-spect to a structure, means the replacement value of the structure at the time of con-struction, exclusive of the value of the real estate on which the structure is located; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘single-family residential structure’ means a non-commercial, residen-tial building that is a primary or secondary residence and is designed for the occupancy of 4 or fewer residences.’’. 
SA 3681. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. K AINE, Mr. W ARNER , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.023 S30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5462 July 30, 2018 
SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. COMPENSATION FOR FEDERAL EM-PLOYEES AFFECTED BY A LAPSE IN APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 1341 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘An of-ficer’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as specified in this subchapter or any other provision of law, an officer’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c)(1) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘covered lapse in appropria-tions’ means any lapse in appropriations that begins on or after September 30, 2018; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘excepted employee’ means an excepted employee or an employee per-forming emergency work, as such terms are defined by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment. ‘‘(2) Each Federal employee furloughed as a result of a covered lapse in appropriations shall be paid for the period of the lapse in ap-propriations, and each excepted employee who is required to perform work during a covered lapse in appropriations shall be paid for such work, at the employee’s standard rate of pay, at the earliest date possible after the lapse in appropriations ends, regardless of scheduled pay dates. ‘‘(3) During a covered lapse in appropria-tions, each excepted employee who is re-quired to perform work shall be entitled to use leave under chapter 63 of title 5, or any other applicable law governing the use of leave by the excepted employee, for which compensation shall be paid at the earliest date possible after the lapse in appropria-tions ends, regardless of scheduled pay dates.’’. 
SA 3682. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title IV of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. 4ll. Except as otherwise provided by this Act, or through advance notification and approval under the reprogramming pro-cedures specified by the explanatory state-ment that accompanies this Act, none of the funds provided by this Act shall be available to carry out a reorganization, relocation, transfer, consolidation, or closure of any headquarters, regional, State, or field office, or to change regional boundaries for agencies or bureaus funded by this Act. f NATIONAL LOBSTER DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 599, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 599) designating Sep-tember 25, 2018, as National Lobster Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 599) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-MENT—HOUSE MESSAGE TO AC-COMPANY S. 1182 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture motion with respect to the House message to accompany S. 1182 be withdrawn, and the motion to refer and the motion to concur with amendment be withdrawn, and the Senate vote on the motion to concur without further intervening ac-tion or debate at 12:15 p.m., Tuesday, July 31. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the confirmation vote on the Grant nomination occur at 2:15 p.m. tomor-row, July 31; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; further, that following disposition of the nomination, there be up to 5 minutes of debate, equally di-vided in the usual form, and that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the Shelby amend-ment to H.R. 6147. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 31, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 31; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Grant nomination; further, that the Senate recess, following the 12:15 p.m. vote until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:52 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, July 31, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30JY6.024 S30JYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1107 July 30, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 31, 2018 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
AUGUST 1 9:30 a.m. Committee on Finance Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary, and Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Rev-enue Service and an Assistant General Counsel, both of the Department of the Treasury. SD–215 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine foreign in-fluence operations and their use of so-cial media platforms. SH–216 9:45 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 2242, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Man-agement Act of 2009 to clarify the au-thority of the Administrator of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration with respect to post- storm assessments, S. 2773, to improve the management of driftnet fishing, S. 2861, to prosecute, as a Federal crime, the assault or intimidation of a pas-senger train crew member to the same extent as such actions against aircraft crew members are prosecuted, S. 3119, to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species, S. 3143, to provide for a co-ordinated Federal program to accel-erate quantum research and develop-ment for the economic and national se-curity of the United States, S. 3265, to require the Secretary of Commerce to undertake certain activities to support waterfront community revitalization and resiliency, S. 3273, to improve the safety, efficiency, and reliability of the movement of goods through ports and intermodal connections to ports, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Space Frontier Act of 2019’’, and the nominations of Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Direc-tors, and Martin J. Oberman, of Illi-nois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board. SD–G50 Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Fed-eral Building and Courthouse in Ama-rillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robin-son United States Courthouse’’, S. 3021, to designate the United States court-house located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’, the nominations of Wil-liam Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Administrator, and Peter C. Wright, of Michigan, to be As-sistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste, both of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, Mary Bridget Neumayr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Qual-ity, and John Fleming, of Louisiana, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Economic Development, and Gen-eral Services Administration resolu-tions. SD–406 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of R. Clarke Cooper, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (Political- Military Affairs), and John Cotton Richmond, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambas-sador at Large, both of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Ra-chel P. Kovner, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, John L. Sinatra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, and Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of New York. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency’s agenda, focusing on protecting the environ-ment and allowing America’s economy to grow. SD–406 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness To hold hearings to examine the search for life, focusing on utilizing science to explore our solar system and make new discoveries. SR–253 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 3184, to amend title 38, United States Code, to modify the requirements for applica-tions for construction of State home facilities to increase the maximum per-centage of nonveterans allowed to be treated at such facilities, S. 1596, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase certain funeral benefits for veterans, S. 2881, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to seek to enter into an agreement with the city of Vallejo, California, for the transfer of Mare Island Naval Cemetery in Vallejo, California, S. 1952, to improve oversight and accountability of the fi-nancial processes of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1990, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amounts payable by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for depend-ency and indemnity compensation, to modify the requirements for depend-ency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain veterans rated to-tally disabled at the time of death, S. 2485, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide payment of Medal of Honor special pension under such title to the surviving spouse of a deceased Medal of Honor recipient, S. 2748, to amend title 10, United States Code, to require members of the Armed Forces to receive additional training under the Transition Assistance Program, S. 514, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG- guided resonance therapy to veterans, H.R. 299, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain vet-erans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, H.R. 5418, to di-rect the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program using multiple prime vendors, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Veterans Dental Care Eligibility Ex-pansion and Enhancement Act of 2018’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘VA Hiring Enhancement Act’’, an original bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to establish a program to award grants to persons to provide and co-ordinate the provision of suicide pre-vention services for veterans transitioning from service in the Armed Forces who are at risk of sui-cide and for their families, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Modernization of Medical Records Access for Veterans Act’’. SR–418 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M30JY8.000 E30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1108 July 30, 2018 
AUGUST 2 10:15 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be Presi-dent of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, Mi-chael R. Bright, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be President, Government National Mortgage Association, and Rae Oliver, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, both of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Dino Falaschetti, of Montana, to be Di-rector, Office of Financial Research, Department of the Treasury. SD–538 10:45 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine assessing the value of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance. SD–419 AUGUST 15 10:15 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Communications Commis-sion. SR–253 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:01 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M30JY8.000 E30JYPT1
D883 Monday, July 30, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5441–S5462 Measures Introduced: Four bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3296–3299, and S. Res. 597–599.
                                                       Page S5455 
Measures Reported: H.R. 4567, to require a Department of Homeland Security overseas personnel enhancement plan. (S. Rept. No. 115–308) H.R. 497, To direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Federal lands in San Bernardino County, California, to the San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District, and to accept in return certain non-Federal lands. H.R. 2582, to authorize the State of Utah to se-lect certain lands that are available for disposal under the Pony Express Resource Management Plan to be used for the support and benefit of State institutions. H.R. 2768, to designate certain mountain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’. H.R. 2897, to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agree-ments for the operation, maintenance, and manage-ment of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. H.R. 4609, to provide for the conveyance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire station. S. Res. 501, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirm-ing freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to promote de-mocracy and good governance, and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 541, expressing the sense of the Senate that any United States-Saudi Arabia civilian nuclear cooperation agreement must prohibit the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from enriching uranium or sepa-rating plutonium on its own territory, in keeping with the strongest possible nonproliferation ‘‘gold standard’’, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 571, condemning the ongoing illegal occu-pation of Crimea by the Russian Federation, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. 436, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an affirmative com-mercial quantities determination, to substitute cer-tain land selections of the Navajo Nation, to des-ignate certain wilderness areas, with amendments. S. 440, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 930, to require the Administrator of the West-ern Area Power Administration to establish a pilot project to provide increased transparency for cus-tomers, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 1023, to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Con-servation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1030, to require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to submit to Congress a report on cer-tain hydropower projects, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 1142, to extend the deadline for commence-ment of construction of certain hydroelectric projects, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. S. 2074, to establish a procedure for the convey-ance of certain Federal property around the James-town Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2102, to clarify the boundary of Acadia Na-tional Park, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                              Pages S5454–55 
Measures Passed: National Lobster Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 599, designating September 25, 2018, as ‘‘National Lobster Day’’.
                                                               Page S5462 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY8.REC D30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD884 July 30, 2018 
House Messages: The American Legion 100th Anniversary Com-memorative Coin Act—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that not-withstanding Rule XXII, the cloture motion with respect to the House Message to accompany S. 1182, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion, be withdrawn, and the motion to refer and the motion to concur with amendment be withdrawn, and Senate vote on the motion to concur without further intervening ac-tion or debate at 12:15 p.m., on Tuesday, July 31, 2018.
                                                                                Page S5462 
Grant Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit.
                                Pages S5443–47 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 172), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S5447 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the vote on confirmation of the nomina-tion occur at 2:15 p.m., on Tuesday, July 31, 2018; and that following disposition of the nomination, there be up to five minutes of debate, equally di-vided in the usual form, and following the use or yielding back of that time, Senate vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on Shelby Amendment No. 3399, to H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019.                                                                                Page S5462 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, July 31, 2018.
                                                             Page S5462 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5452–54 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S5454 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5455–57 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5457–59 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5450–52 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5459–62 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—172)
                                                                Page S5447 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:52 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, July 31, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5462.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 10 a.m. on Tuesday, July 31, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. NEW PUBLIC LAWS (For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D879) 
S. 490, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam. Signed on July 27, 2018. (Public Law 115–219) S. 931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Bou-levard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’. Signed on July 27, 2018. (Public Law 115–220) S. 2734, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. Signed on July 27, 2018. (Public Law 115–221) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY8.REC D30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D885 July 30, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 31, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider the nominations of Dan Michael Berkovitz, of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and James E. Hubbard, of Colorado, to be Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Natural Resources and Environment, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine the internet and digital communications, focusing on the impact of global internet governance, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Michael A. Hammer, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kyle McCarter, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Kenya, Stephanie Sanders Sullivan, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ghana, and Donald R. Tapia, of Arizona, to be Ambassador to Jamaica, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, fo-cusing on decreasing administrative spending, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine immigration enforcement and family reunifi-cation efforts, 10 a.m., SH–216. Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the structure of the Federal courts, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be imme-diately followed by a closed briefing regarding certain in-telligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of July 31 through August 3, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Cir-cuit, post-cloture. At 12:15 p.m., Senate will vote in relation to the House Message to accompany S. 1182, The Amer-ican Legion 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act (legislative vehicle for National Flood Insurance Program). At 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant. Following disposition of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on Shelby Amendment No. 3399, to H.R. 6147, Department of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: July 31, business meeting to consider the nominations of Dan Mi-chael Berkovitz, of Maryland, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and James E. Hubbard, of Colorado, to be Under Secretary of Agri-culture for Natural Resources and Environment, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Au- gust 2, business meeting to consider the nominations of Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Director, Bu-reau of Consumer Financial Protection, Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be President of the Export- Import Bank of the United States, Elad L. Roisman, of Maine, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Michael R. Bright, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be President, Government National Mortgage Association, and Rae Oliver, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, both of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Dino Falaschetti, of Montana, to be Director, Office of Financial Research, Department of the Treasury, 10:15 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: July 31, Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, In-novation, and the Internet, to hold hearings to examine the internet and digital communications, focusing on the impact of global internet governance, 10 a.m., SR–253. August 1, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 2242, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Man-agement Act of 2009 to clarify the authority of the Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration with respect to post-storm assessments, S. 2773, to improve the management of driftnet fishing, S. 2861, to prosecute, as a Federal crime, the assault or in-timidation of a passenger train crew member to the same extent as such actions against aircraft crew members are prosecuted, S. 3119, to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect en-dangered and threatened species of salmon and other non-listed fish species, S. 3143, to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quantum research and de-velopment for the economic and national security of the United States, S. 3265, to require the Secretary of Com-merce to undertake certain activities to support water-front community revitalization and resiliency, S. 3273, to improve the safety, efficiency, and reliability of the move-ment of goods through ports and intermodal connections to ports, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Space Frontier Act of 2019’’, and the nominations of Rick A. Dearborn, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY8.REC D30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD886 July 30, 2018 Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Di-rectors, and Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Mem-ber of the Surface Transportation Board, 9:45 a.m., SD–G50. August 1, Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Com-petitiveness, to hold hearings to examine the search for life, focusing on utilizing science to explore our solar sys-tem and make new discoveries, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: August 1, business meeting to consider H.R. 5772, to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’, S. 3021, to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’, the nominations of William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Administrator, and Peter C. Wright, of Michigan, to be Assistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste, both of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, Mary Bridget Neumayr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality, and John Fleming, of Louisiana, to be Assistant Secretary of Com-merce for Economic Development, and General Services Administration resolutions, 9:45 a.m., SD–406. August 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the Environmental Protection Agency’s agenda, focus-ing on protecting the environment and allowing Amer-ica’s economy to grow, 10:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: August 1, business meeting to consider the nominations of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary, and Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Inter-nal Revenue Service and an Assistant General Counsel, both of the Department of the Treasury, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: July 31, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael A. Hammer, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kyle McCarter, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Kenya, Stephanie Sanders Sul-livan, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Ghana, and Donald R. Tapia, of Arizona, to be Ambas-sador to Jamaica, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. August 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of R. Clarke Cooper, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (Political-Military Affairs), and John Cotton Richmond, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with the rank of Ambassador at Large, both of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. August 2, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine assessing the value of the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization alliance, 10:45 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: July 31, to hold hearings to examine reducing health care costs, focusing on decreasing administrative spending, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: July 31, to hold an oversight hearing to examine immigration enforcement and family reunification efforts, 10 a.m., SH–216. July 31, Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the structure of the Federal courts, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. August 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit, Diane Gujarati, Eric Ross Komitee, and Rachel P. Kovner, each to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York, John L. Sinatra, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, and Lewis J. Liman, and Mary Kay Vyskocil, both to be a United States District Judge for the South-ern District of New York, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: August 1, to hold hear-ings to examine S. 3184, to amend title 38, United States Code, to modify the requirements for applications for construction of State home facilities to increase the maximum percentage of nonveterans allowed to be treated at such facilities, S. 1596, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase certain funeral benefits for vet-erans, S. 2881, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to seek to enter into an agreement with the city of Vallejo, California, for the transfer of Mare Island Naval Cemetery in Vallejo, California, S. 1952, to improve over-sight and accountability of the financial processes of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1990, to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the amounts payable by the Department of Veterans Affairs for dependency and indemnity compensation, to modify the requirements for dependency and indemnity compensation for survivors of certain veterans rated totally disabled at the time of death, S. 2485, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide payment of Medal of Honor special pension under such title to the surviving spouse of a deceased Medal of Honor recipient, S. 2748, to amend title 10, United States Code, to require members of the Armed Forces to receive additional training under the Transition Assistance Program, S. 514, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans, H.R. 299, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Repub-lic of Vietnam, H.R. 5418, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to carry out the Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program using multiple prime vendors, an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Veterans Dental Care Eligibility Expan-sion and Enhancement Act of 2018’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘VA Hiring Enhancement Act’’, an original bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a program to award grants to persons to provide and co-ordinate the provision of suicide prevention services for veterans transitioning from service in the Armed Forces who are at risk of suicide and for their families, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Modernization of Medical Records Access for Veterans Act’’, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY8.REC D30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D887 July 30, 2018 Select Committee on Intelligence: July 31, closed business meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be immediately followed by a closed briefing regarding cer-tain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. August 1, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-ine foreign influence operations and their use of social media platforms, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30JY8.REC D30JYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD888 July 30, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 31 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Cir-cuit, post-cloture. At 12:15 p.m., Senate will vote in relation to the House Message to accompany S. 1182, The American Le-gion 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act (legis-lative vehicle for National Flood Insurance Program). At 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant. Following disposition of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on Shelby Amendment No. 3399, to H.R. 6147, Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. (Senate will recess from following disposition of the House Message to accompany S. 1182, until 2:15 p.m. for their re-spective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 31 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro forma session at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D30JY8.REC D30JYPT1