Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H10513 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 2018 No. 202 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of wisdom, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Prior to the Great Compromise, Ben-jamin Franklin addressed the Constitu-tional Convention: ‘‘We indeed seem to feel our own want of political wisdom, since we have been running about in search of it. . . . In this situation of this Assembly, groping as it were in the dark to find political truth, and scarce able to distinguish it when pre-sented to us . . . have we now forgotten that powerful friend?’’ Lord, You are the powerful friend re-ferred to by Franklin, and we turn again to You to ask that Your wisdom might break through the similar polit-ical darkness of these days. Bless the Members of the people’s House and all of Congress with the in-sight and foresight to construct a fu-ture of security in our Nation’s poli-tics, economy, and society. May they, as You, be especially mindful of those who are poor and without power. May all that is done today be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
SEEK PEACE AND PURSUE IT (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, too many of our leaders today seem to want to be modern-day Win-ston Churchills and think of them-selves as great war leaders. They are far too eager to go to war and far too willing to stay in a war after it has started. But the American people do not want permanent, forever wars, and especially do not need such wars. I salute President Trump’s decision to bring our troops home from Syria. With a $21 trillion national debt, we simply cannot afford to be the police-man of the world. Our very unnecessary wars in the Middle East have now cost us several trillion dollars that we have had to borrow and have resulted in the deaths or horrible injuries to thousands of young Americans and many more thou-sands of innocent women and children. They have created more enemies for our country around the world. The Bible tells us in both the Old Testament and New to ‘‘seek peace and pursue it.’’ f 
RECOGNIZING DELEGATE JOHN OVERINGTON (Mr. M
CKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Overington for his long record of legislative service to the State of West Virginia. Opting to retire, John won’t be rep-resenting the people of Berkeley Coun-ty, West Virginia, for the first time in 34 years when the House of Delegates convenes in Charleston next month. John and I served together in the leg-islature for decades in the eighties and early nineties. I came to know John as someone who has always followed his conservative principles, even when it wasn’t in vogue. During the 34 years he served in the minority, many of those votes were lonely fights, but he never swayed from his staunch, unwavering commitment to conservative principles. After the 2014 election, the Repub-licans took the majority in West Vir-ginia Legislature for the first time in 84 years, and his conservative values helped dictate a new agenda. He chaired the Industry and Labor Com-mittee and served as speaker pro tem. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.000 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10514 December 21, 2018 
I wish the best to John and his wife, JoAnn, as he retires from this legisla-tive service. Serving as a citizen-legis-lator can often be a thankless task. The people of West Virginia owe him a debt of gratitude for his decades of service and his dedication to West Vir-ginia. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to sus-pend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
LINCOLN ROOM DESIGNATION Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 1063) designating room H–226 of the United States Capitol as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1063 Whereas Abraham Lincoln was elected to the House of Representatives in 1846 to rep-resent the 7th Congressional District of Illi-nois in the Thirtieth Congress from March 1847 to March 1849; Whereas Abraham Lincoln served the peo-ple for 15 years as a State Legislator, Mem-ber of Congress, and President of the United States; Whereas Abraham Lincoln was a member of the Illinois General Assembly for four terms and was respected as an effective lead-er of his party and a popular campaigner; Whereas during Congressman Lincoln’s tenure, the room now designated as room H– 226 of the United States Capitol was used as the post office of the House, where he spent almost every morning exchanging stories near the fireplace; Whereas the old post office space was just steps away from Congressman Lincoln’s desk, where he worked and voted and is now marked by a gold plaque on the floor of Stat-uary Hall; Whereas Congressman Lincoln was known to be the champion story-teller of the Cap-itol, having an endless repertoire of tales; Whereas Abraham Lincoln was one of America’s greatest presidents, whose life was a story of adversity, perseverance, and lead-ership; and Whereas when the United States was at its darkest hour, Abraham Lincoln fought to end slavery and brought the country back together: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That room H–226 of the United States Capitol is designated as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) and the gentle-woman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H. Res. 1063. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 1036 designates the room H–226 of the U.S. Capitol as the Lincoln Room. I appreciate my colleagues’ work on this and find it an appropriate honor for such a distinguished leader of our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also support H. Res. 1063. This bipartisan bill designates room H–226 in the U.S. Capitol as the Lincoln Room. As we all know, President Abraham Lincoln is commonly considered one of the greatest President’s in the history of the United States. But what you might not know is that President Lin-coln, at one point in his career, was a Member of the House of Representa-tives from the Seventh Congressional District of Illinois. President Lincoln served one term in Congress, from 1847 to 1849, and was known for his opposition to the institu-tion of slavery and the Mexican-Amer-ican war. During his short time in Con-gress, President Lincoln spent a sig-nificant amount of his leisure time in the U.S. Capitol room now known as H– 226. This resolution, which names the room for President Lincoln, is an ap-propriate honor for a former Member of this distinguished body who led our country in one of its darkest hours. So I support the resolution and urge my colleagues to support it as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 1063. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
AMENDING FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 TO ENSURE ADEQUATE TIME FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM BOARD Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7318) to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure that the Public Buildings Reform Board has adequate time to carry out the responsibilities of the Board, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 7318 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FEDERAL ASSETS SALE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4(c)(2) of the Fed-eral Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note; Public Law 114–287) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B); (2) by striking the paragraph designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In selecting’’ in subparagraph (A) in the matter preceding clause (i) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENTS .—In selecting’’; and (3) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iv) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately. (b) T
ERMINATION .—Section 10 of the Fed-eral Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note; Public Law 114–287) is amended by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the Board members are appointed pur-suant to section 4’’. (c) A
CCOUNTING SYSTEM .—Section 12(e) of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note; Public Law 114–287) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this Act’’ and in-serting ‘‘the date on which the Board mem-bers are appointed pursuant to section 4’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) and the gentle-woman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 7318. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 7318 amends the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to align the timeline for the sale of unneeded properties with the ap-pointment of the Public Buildings Re-form Board. This bill will result in more savings for the taxpayer by providing the Board with sufficient time to identify properties to be sold or redeveloped. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also support H.R. 7318. This bill that is under consideration this morning addresses an outstanding issue that has emerged since Congress originally passed the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act, known as FASTA, back in 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.002 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10515 December 21, 2018 
FASTA authorized an independent Board to make recommendations on real estate actions designed to dispose of unneeded Federal real estate and re-develop underutilized property. This bill amends FASTA and aligns the dates of the termination of the Public Buildings Reform Board created by FASTA with the appointment of those Board members. I have worked closely with Chairman B
ARLETTA during his tenure as chair-man of the Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency Man-agement Subcommittee, and I appre-ciate his leadership in making the management of real estate more effi-cient. I also look forward to continuing his work to help the General Services Ad-ministration scrutinize the real estate decisions of the Federal Government in order to find savings, promote energy efficiency, and ensure transparency. Towards that end, I look forward to conducting vigorous oversight of the GSA in the next Congress to ensure that the American taxpayers are re-ceiving full value for their dollars that are being invested in Federal real es-tate. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7318. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
AMENDING FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 WITH RESPECT TO LEASE-BACK OF CERTAIN FEDERAL PROPERTY Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7319) to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide flexibility with respect to the lease-back of certain Federal real property, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7319 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LEASEBACK RESTRICTION. 
Section 12(b)(4) of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 1303 note; Public Law 114–287) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘for a period of greater than 3 years’’ before the period at the end; (2) by striking ‘‘None of the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—None of the’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A leaseback under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) shall expire on or before the last day of the 3-year period beginning on the date of the sale of the respective property; ‘‘(ii) may not contain any options to ex-tend or renew the leaseback; ‘‘(iii) may only be entered into once for purposes of temporarily housing the Federal agency in the property at the time of the sale; and ‘‘(iv) shall only be for the purpose of facili-tating the sale of the respective property.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) and the gentle-woman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 7319. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 7319 amends the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide leaseback flexibility in certain circumstances to facilitate the sale of property and maximize the return to the taxpayer. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also rise in support of H.R. 7319. This bill addresses an issue which has come up since the enactment of FASTA in the last Congress. The change allows the Federal Government to temporarily lease back a piece of Federal property in order to facilitate the sale of that property. Ultimately, the goal of this provision is to allow the government to more readily dis-pose of underutilized property. I look forward to working with the Public Buildings Reform Board, as I mentioned, once all of its members are appointed, and I urge Members of this body to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7319. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
MAKING TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO FRANK L
OBIONDO COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7329) to make technical correc-tions to provisions of law enacted by the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2018, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7329 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) Upon the date amendments to section 3305(d)(3)(B) of title 46, United States Code, take effect under section 501(a) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282), such section is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018’’. (b) Upon the date section 4312 of title 46, United States Code, takes effect under sec-tion 503(c) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282), such section is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018’’. (c) Section 821(a)(2) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–282) is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act’’. (d) Section 820(b)(2) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–282) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141)’’ after ‘‘(Public Law 115– 31)’’. (e) Section 820(a) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–282) is amended by striking ‘‘years 2018 and’’ and inserting ‘‘year’’. (f) Section 810(d) of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–282) is amended by striking ‘‘within 30 days after receiving the notice under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall, by not later than 60 days after transmitting such notice,’’ and inserting ‘‘in accordance within subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall’’. (g) Subsections (a) and (d) of section 408 of the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282) shall have no force or effect. (h) This section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of the Frank LoBi-ondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–282) and apply as if included therein as enacted. 
SEC. 2. ADVISORY COMMITTEE; REPRESENTA-TION. 
Section 15106(c)(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘min-eral and oil operations, including geo-physical services’’ and inserting ‘‘oper-ations’’; (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘explo-ration and recovery’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.005 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10516 December 21, 2018 
(3) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘en-gaged in diving services related to offshore construction, inspection, and maintenance’’ and inserting ‘‘providing diving services to the offshore industry’’; (4) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘en-gaged in safety and training services related to offshore exploration and construction’’ and inserting ‘‘providing safety and training services to the offshore industry’’; (5) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘en-gaged in pipelaying services related to off-shore construction’’ and inserting ‘‘providing subsea engineering, construction, or re-motely operated vehicle support to the off-shore industry’’; (6) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘min-eral and energy’’; (7) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘na-tional environmental entities’’ and inserting ‘‘entities providing environmental protec-tion, compliance, or response services to the offshore industry’’; and (8) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘deep-water ports’’ and inserting ‘‘entities engaged in offshore oil exploration and production on the Outer Continental Shelf adjacent to Alaska’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) and the gentle-woman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. b0915 GENERAL LEAVE Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 7329. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This bill makes technical corrections to the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018, which was signed into law on December 4, 2018. It corrects certain dates and updates membership on a Coast Guard advisory committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise also in support of this noncontroversial legislation that makes technical changes to the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act, which was just recently signed into law. I agree that it makes sense to enact these technical corrections at this time to ensure that the amend-ments contained in Public Law 115–282 are enacted and codified as accurately as possible. I commend the sponsor for his initia-tive in introducing this legislation, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7329. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPOR-TATION REPORTS HARMONI-ZATION ACT Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3367) to amend certain transportation- related reporting requirements to im-prove congressional oversight, reduce reporting burdens, and promote trans-parency, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3367 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Transportation Reports Harmonization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF CHARGES AND FEES FOR ATTENDANCE AT UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-EMY. 
Section 51314(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘shall notify Congress of’’ and inserting ‘‘shall present at the next meeting of the Board of Visitors, and post on a publicly available website,’’. 
SEC. 3. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ON ALIGNING FEDERAL ENVIRON-MENTAL REVIEWS. 
Section 310(f)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, and make publicly available on the Department of Transportation website,’’ after ‘‘House of Representatives’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORTING ON THE NORTHEAST COR-RIDOR. 
(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR SAFETY COM-
MITTEE REPORT .—Section 24905(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3). (b) C
ONTENTS OF GRANT REQUESTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 24319(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) describe the status of efforts to im-prove safety and security on the Northeast Corridor main line, including a description of any efforts to implement recommenda-tions of relevant railroad safety advisory committees.’’. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection or an amendment made by this subsection shall affect a grant request made under section 24319 of title 49, United States Code, before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) DOT R EPORTS .—Section 402 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (n) and inserting the following: ‘‘(n) PUBLIC TRANSPARENCY .—The Sec-retary shall publicly release on its website information that contains each State’s per-formance with respect to the State’s high-way safety plan under subsection (k) and performance targets set by the States in such plans. Such information shall be posted on the website within 45 calendar days of ap-proval of a State’s highway safety plan.’’. (b) GAO R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the highway safety programs under sec-tion 402 of title 23, United States Code. In carrying out the review, the Comptroller General shall review States’ progress in achieving safety performance targets, in-cluding how States are utilizing grants and problems encountered in achieving such tar-gets. (2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that contains the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), in-cluding any recommendations for improve-ments to State activities and the Secretary of Transportation’s administration of the highway safety programs. 
SEC. 6. CESSATION OF CERTAIN ADVISORY COUN-CILS AND ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR SAFETY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 24905(e) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is fur-ther amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—The Committee established under this subsection ceases to exist on the date that the Secretary determines positive train control, as required by section 20157, is fully implemented along the Northeast Cor-ridor.’’. (b) N
ATIONAL RAILCOOPERATIVE RESEARCH  P
ROGRAM OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE .—Section 24910(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
UNSET .—The advisory board estab-lished under this subsection ceases to exist effective January 1, 2019.’’. 
SEC. 7. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO RAIL IM-PROVEMENT GRANTS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 24401 through 24408 as sections 22901 through 22908, respec-tively; (2) by redesignating chapter 244 as chapter 229; (3) by moving chapter 229, as redesignated, to appear at the end of part B; (4) in the table of chapters— (A) by striking the item relating to chap-ter 244; and (B) by inserting after the item relating to chapter 227 the following: ‘‘Chapter 229. Rail Improvement Grants .......................................... 22901’’; and (5) by amending the table of sections for chapter 229, as redesignated, to read as fol-lows: ‘‘CHAPTER 229—RAIL IMPROVEMENT GRANTS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘22901. Definitions. ‘‘22902. Capital investment grants to support intercity passenger rail serv-ices. ‘‘22903. Project management oversight. ‘‘22904. Use of capital grants to finance first- dollar liability of grant project. ‘‘22905. Grant conditions. ‘‘22906. Authorization of appropriations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.004 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10517 December 21, 2018 
‘‘22907. Consolidated rail infrastructure and safety improvements. ‘‘22908. Restoration and enhancement grants.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 229 of title 49, United States Code, as redesignated, is amended— (A) in section 22902, as redesignated— (i) in subsection (c)(3)(A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘of’’ after ‘‘other modes’’; and (II) in clause (vi) by striking ‘‘environ-mentally’’ and inserting ‘‘environmental’’; and (ii) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘state rail plan’’ and inserting ‘‘State rail plan’’; and (B) in section 22905(e)(1), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘government authority’’ and inserting ‘‘governmental authority’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘section 5302(11) and (6), re-spectively, of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 5302’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 229 of title 49, United States Code, as redesig-nated, is amended— (A) in section 22901(2)(D), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘24404’’ and inserting ‘‘22904’’; (B) in section 22904, as redesignated, by striking ‘‘24402’’ and inserting ‘‘22902’’; (C) in section 22905(e)(1), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘24102(4) of this title’’ and insert-ing ‘‘24102’’; (D) in section 22907, as redesignated— (i) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘24401(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘22901(2)’’; and (ii) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘of sec-tions 24402, 24403, and 24404 and the definition contained in 24401(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under sections 22902, 22903, and 22904, and the defi-nition contained in section 22901(1)’’; and (E) in section 22908, as redesignated— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘24401(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘22901(1)’’; and (ii) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’. (3) A
DDITIONAL CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) S
UBTITLE V .—Subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (i) in part C— (I) in section 24102(7)(D)(ii), by striking ‘‘chapter 244’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 229’’; (II) in section 24103, by inserting ‘‘or chap-ter 229’’ after ‘‘this part’’ each place it ap-pears; (III) in section 24711(c)(3), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’; and (IV) in section 24911(i), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’; and (ii) in part D, in section 26106(e)(3), by striking ‘‘24405 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’. (B) R
AILROAD SAFETY ENHANCEMENT ACT OF  
2008.—The Passenger Rail Investment and Im-provement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432) is amended— (i) in section 301(c) (49 U.S.C. 24405 note), by striking ‘‘24405(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘22905(a)’’; and (ii) in section 502(a)(4)(I) (49 U.S.C. 26106 note), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’. (C) FAST 
ACT.—The Fixing America’s Sur-face Transportation Act (Public Law 114–94; 129 Stat. 1312) is amended— (i) in section 11102, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) C
ONFORMING PROVISION FOR REDESIG -
NATION OF APPLICABLE SECTION .—Any amounts authorized under this section for grants or project management oversight under section 24407 of such title shall be deemed to refer to grants or project manage-ment oversight under section 22907 of such title on or after the date of enactment of the Department of Transportation Reports Har-monization Act.’’; (ii) in section 11104, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) CONFORMING PROVISION FOR REDESIG -
NATION OF APPLICABLE SECTION .—Any amounts authorized under this section for grants or project management oversight under section 24408 of such title shall be deemed to refer to grants or project manage-ment oversight under section 22908 of such title on or after the date of enactment of the Department of Transportation Reports Har-monization Act.’’; (iii) in section 11308(a)(4)(I), by striking ‘‘24405’’ and inserting ‘‘22905’’; and (iv) in section 11401(b)(5), by striking ‘‘chapter 244’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 229’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) and the gentle-woman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S. 3367. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 3367 enhances trans-parency for certain Department of Transportation reports, eliminates or sunsets certain advisory boards, and makes technical amendments to the rail improvement grants. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill makes changes to reporting requirements for the De-partment of Transportation, requiring various agencies to be more trans-parent to the public by making some of these reports available on DOT’s website. Those would include the Northeast Corridor Safety Committee report and some Federal environmental reviews. The bill also requires that any changes in fees or charges for attend-ing the Merchant Marine Academy be posted publicly online as well. The bill makes the results of State performance targets set in the State highway safety plans publicly available and directs GAO to review States’ progress in achieving these perform-ance targets, including how States are utilizing grants and problems that may be encountered in achieving their tar-gets. The review will be important to Con-gress when considering the next reau-thorization of the surface transpor-tation bill. Finally, this bill sunsets the North-east Corridor Safety Committee and the National Rail Cooperative Re-search Program Oversight Committee upon full completion of positive train control along the Northeast Corridor, and it makes technical changes in reor-ganizing the rail improvement grant section under title 49. It does a lot of good things to im-prove transparency, both for the public and for Congress. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3367. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
LOUISE AND BOB SLAUGHTER POST OFFICE Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7293) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, as the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7293 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LOUISE AND BOB SLAUGHTER POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.005 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10518 December 21, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, this bill honors the late Congresswoman Louise Slaughter’s 30 years of service to this country. The bill has bipartisan support. I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join my colleagues in considering H.R. 7293, which will designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, as the Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office. Representative Slaughter was a pio-neering, ebullient, and groundbreaking Member of this body whose energetic service on the Rules Committee changed the dynamics and the culture of the House of Representatives. She served here for 31 years, was the first woman ever to chair the Rules Committee, and coauthored the land-mark Violence Against Women Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. M
ORELLE ) for a further brief statement on her remarkable life and career. Mr. MORELLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize someone we all know well, a true American patriot, the Honorable Lou-ise M. Slaughter. It is truly a privilege to have introduced H.R. 7293 honoring Louise and her husband, Bob Slaugh-ter. It is particularly fitting to do so in the 115th Congress, with so many col-leagues who worked side by side with this remarkable woman. Louise loved Monroe County and ev-eryone who called it home. Through her dedicated work in public service, she made immeasurable contributions to our region, our State, and our Na-tion. That is why I am proud to sponsor this legislation to dedicate the United States Post Office located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport to Louise Slaughter and her devoted husband, Bob Slaughter. The new Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office Building, located in their hometown just blocks from their house, will be a fitting tribute to a truly remarkable couple. On a personal note, it was Louise Slaughter who counseled me at a young age and encouraged me to run for public office. Louise, Bob, and their family remained dear friends for nearly 40 years. Our entire community grieves her loss and misses her dearly, but Louise left behind an incredible legacy that everyone in this room witnessed first-hand. She was the first and only woman to chair the Rules Committee of the House. Louise was not only a fierce and influential legislator but a true cham-pion for those in our Nation in real need of champions. From landmark healthcare legisla-tion to education and infrastructure projects that have strengthened our local and national economy, Louise was a trailblazer who, with every suc-cess, shattered glass ceilings. She was a friend, a colleague, a men-tor, and a role model for so many peo-ple, both in this room and in my com-munity back home in Rochester, New York. She and Bob Slaughter are more than deserving of this honor, and I look forward to the day when the Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office is open for business to serve Fairport residents and honor their memory. I am grateful to my colleagues in the New York delegation who have joined me in cosponsoring this legislation. Its widespread bipartisan support is a tes-tament to the profound impact Louise Slaughter has had on all of us and will have on us all for many years to come. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, as the former majority leader of the New York Assembly, Representative MORELLE is a fitting and worthy suc-cessor to Representative Slaughter, whom we all miss. I thank the gen-tleman for bringing this legislation forward. I urge passage of H.R. 7293. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers at this time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7293. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FOUNDATIONS FOR EVIDENCE- BASED POLICYMAKING ACT OF 2017 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 4174) to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evalua-tion activities, improve Federal data management, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foundations for Evidence-Based Policy-making Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—FEDERAL EVIDENCE–BUILDING ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Federal evidence-building activities. TITLE II—OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA ACT Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. OPEN Government data. TITLE III—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFI-CIENCY Sec. 301. Short title. Sec. 302. Confidential information protection and statistical efficiency. Sec. 303. Increasing access to data for evidence. TITLE IV—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 401. Rule of construction. Sec. 402. Use of existing resources. Sec. 403. Effective date. TITLE I—FEDERAL EVIDENCE–BUILDING ACTIVITIES SEC. 101. FEDERAL EVIDENCE-BUILDING ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of part I of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before section 301 the fol-lowing: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL PROVISIONS’’; 
AND (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—FEDERAL EVIDENCE- BUILDING ACTIVITIES ‘‘§ 311. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘agency’ has the meaning given the term ‘Executive agency’ under section 105. ‘‘(2) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .—The term ‘evaluation’ means an assessment using systematic data col-lection and analysis of one or more programs, policies, and organizations intended to assess their effectiveness and efficiency. ‘‘(4) E
VIDENCE .—The term ‘evidence’ has the meaning given that term in section 3561 of title 44. ‘‘(5) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, each territory or possession of the United States, and each federally recognized governing body of any Indian Tribe, band, nation, pueblo, or other organized group or community which is recog-nized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indi-ans because of their status as Indians. ‘‘(6) S
TATISTICAL ACTIVITIES ; STATISTICAL  
AGENCY OR UNIT ; STATISTICAL PURPOSE .—The terms ‘statistical activities’, ‘statistical agency or unit’, and ‘statistical purpose’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3561 of title 44. ‘‘§ 312. Agency evidence-building plan ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—The head of each agency shall include in the strategic plan required under section 306 a systematic plan for identi-fying and addressing policy questions relevant to the programs, policies, and regulations of the agency. Such plan shall contain the following: ‘‘(1) A list of policy-relevant questions for which the agency intends to develop evidence to support policymaking. ‘‘(2) A list of data the agency intends to col-lect, use, or acquire to facilitate the use of evi-dence in policymaking. ‘‘(3) A list of methods and analytical ap-proaches that may be used to develop evidence to support policymaking. ‘‘(4) A list of any challenges to developing evi-dence to support policymaking, including any statutory or other restrictions to accessing rel-evant data. ‘‘(5) A description of the steps the agency will take to accomplish paragraphs (1) and (2). ‘‘(6) Any other information as required by guidance issued by the Director. ‘‘(b) E
VALUATION PLAN.—The head of each agency shall issue in conjunction with the per-formance plan required under section 1115(b) of title 31, an evaluation plan describing activities the agency plans to conduct pursuant to sub-section (a) of this section during the fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.014 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10519 December 21, 2018 
following the year in which the performance plan is submitted. Such plan shall— ‘‘(1) describe key questions for each signifi-cant evaluation study that the agency plans to begin in the next fiscal year; ‘‘(2) describe key information collections or acquisitions the agency plans to begin in the next fiscal year; and ‘‘(3) any other information included in guid-ance issued by the Director under subsection (a)(6). ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the plan required under subsection (a), the head of an agency shall consult with stakeholders, includ-ing the public, agencies, State and local govern-ments, and representatives of non-governmental researchers. ‘‘§ 313. Evaluation Officers ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The head of each agency shall designate a senior employee of the agency as the Evaluation Officer of the agency. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Evaluation Offi-cer of an agency shall be appointed or des-ignated without regard to political affiliation and based on demonstrated expertise in evalua-tion methodology and practices and appropriate expertise to the disciplines of the agency. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—The Evaluation Officer of an agency shall, to the extent practicable, co-ordinate activities with agency officials nec-essary to carry out the functions required under subsection (d). ‘‘(d) F
UNCTIONS .—The Evaluation Officer of each agency shall— ‘‘(1) continually assess the coverage, quality, methods, consistency, effectiveness, independ-ence, and balance of the portfolio of evalua-tions, policy research, and ongoing evaluation activities of the agency; ‘‘(2) assess agency capacity to support the de-velopment and use of evaluation; ‘‘(3) establish and implement an agency eval-uation policy; and ‘‘(4) coordinate, develop, and implement the plans required under section 312. ‘‘§ 314. Statistical expertise ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The head of each agency shall designate the head of any statistical agen-cy or unit within the agency, or in the case of an agency that does not have a statistical agen-cy or unit, any senior agency official with ap-propriate expertise, as a statistical official to advise on statistical policy, techniques, and pro-cedures. Agency officials engaged in statistical activities may consult with any such statistical official as necessary. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP ON INTERAGENCY COUNCIL  
ONSTATISTICAL POLICY .—Each statistical offi-cial designated under subsection (a) shall serve as a member of the Interagency Council on Sta-tistical Policy established under section 3504(e)(8) of title 44. ‘‘§ 315. Advisory Committee on Data for Evi-dence Building ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director, or the head of an agency designated by the Director, shall establish an Advisory Committee on Data for Evidence Building (in this section referred to as the ‘Advisory Committee’) to review, analyze, and make recommendations on how to promote the use of Federal data for evidence building. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The members of the Advi-sory Committee shall consist of the Chief Stat-istician of the United States, who shall serve as the Chair of the Advisory Committee, and other members appointed by the Director as follows: ‘‘(1) One member who is an agency Chief In-formation Officer. ‘‘(2) One member who is an agency Chief Pri-vacy Officer. ‘‘(3) One member who is an agency Chief Per-formance Officer. ‘‘(4) Three members who are agency Chief Data Officers. ‘‘(5) Three members who are agency Evalua-tion Officers. ‘‘(6) Three members who are members of the Interagency Council for Statistical Policy estab-lished under section 3504(e)(8) of title 44. ‘‘(7) At least 10 members who are representa-tives of State and local governments and non-governmental stakeholders with expertise in government data policy, privacy, technology, transparency policy, evaluation and research methodologies, and other relevant subjects, of whom— ‘‘(A) at least one shall have expertise in trans-parency policy; ‘‘(B) at least one shall have expertise in pri-vacy policy; ‘‘(C) at least one shall have expertise in statis-tical data use; ‘‘(D) at least one shall have expertise in infor-mation management; ‘‘(E) at least one shall have expertise in infor-mation technology; and ‘‘(F) at least one shall be from the research and evaluation community. ‘‘(c) TERM OF SERVICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of the Advi-sory Committee shall serve for a term of 2 years. ‘‘(2) V
ACANCY .—Any member appointed to fill a vacancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which the member’s predecessor was ap-pointed shall be appointed only for the remain-der of that term. A vacancy in the Commission shall be filled in the manner in which the origi-nal appointment was made. ‘‘(d) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Advi-sory Committee shall serve without compensa-tion. ‘‘(e) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall— ‘‘(1) assist the Director in carrying out the du-ties of the Director under part D of subchapter III of chapter 35 of title 44; ‘‘(2) evaluate and provide recommendations to the Director on how to facilitate data sharing, enable data linkage, and develop privacy en-hancing techniques; and ‘‘(3) review the coordination of data sharing or availability for evidence building across all agencies. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—The Advisory Committee shall submit to the Director and make publicly avail-able an annual report on the activities and find-ings of the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION .—The Advisory Committee shall terminate not later than two years after the date of the first meeting.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The table of sections for chapter 3 of part I of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by inserting before the item relating to sec-tion 301 the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL PROVISIONS ’’; AND (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —FEDERAL EVIDENCE -BUILDING  
ACTIVITIES  ‘‘311. Definitions. ‘‘312. Agency evidence-building plan. ‘‘313. Evaluation Officers. ‘‘314. Statistical expertise. ‘‘315. Advisory Committee on Data for Evidence Building.’’. (c) A
GENCY STRATEGIC PLANS.—Section 306(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (8), by— (A) striking the period at the end; and (B) inserting after ‘‘to be conducted’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, and citations to relevant provisions of the plans required under section 312; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) an assessment of the coverage, quality, methods, effectiveness, and independence of the statistics, evaluation, research, and analysis ef-forts of the agency, including— ‘‘(A) a list of the activities and operations of the agency that are currently being evaluated and analyzed; ‘‘(B) the extent to which the evaluations, re-search, and analysis efforts and related activi-ties of the agency support the needs of various divisions within the agency; ‘‘(C) the extent to which the evaluation re-search and analysis efforts and related activities of the agency address an appropriate balance between needs related to organizational learn-ing, ongoing program management, performance management, strategic management, inter-agency and private sector coordination, internal and external oversight, and accountability; ‘‘(D) the extent to which the agency uses methods and combinations of methods that are appropriate to agency divisions and the cor-responding research questions being addressed, including an appropriate combination of forma-tive and summative evaluation research and analysis approaches; ‘‘(E) the extent to which evaluation and re-search capacity is present within the agency to include personnel and agency processes for planning and implementing evaluation activi-ties, disseminating best practices and findings, and incorporating employee views and feedback; and ‘‘(F) the extent to which the agency has the capacity to assist agency staff and program of-fices to develop the capacity to use evaluation research and analysis approaches and data in the day-to-day operations.’’. (d) GAO REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which each strategic plan re-quired under section 306(a) of title 5, United States Code, is published, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to Con-gress a report that— (1) summarizes agency findings and highlights trends in the assessment conducted pursuant to subsection (a)(9) of section 306 of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (c); and (2) if appropriate, recommends actions to fur-ther improve agency capacity to use evaluation techniques and data to support evaluation ef-forts. (e) E
VALUATION AND PERSONNEL STANDARDS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with any interagency council relat-ing to evaluation, shall— (A) issue guidance for program evaluation for agencies consistent with widely accepted stand-ards for evaluation; and (B) identify best practices for evaluation that would improve Federal program evaluation. (2) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the guidance under para-graph (1) is issued, the head of each agency shall oversee the implementation of such guid-ance. (3) OPM 
GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the guidance under paragraph (1) is issued, the Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall— (A) identify key skills and competencies need-ed for program evaluation in an agency; (B) establish a new occupational series, or up-date and improve an existing occupational se-ries, for program evaluation within an agency; and (C) establish a new career path for program evaluation within an agency. (4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: (A) A
GENCY .—Except as otherwise provided, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘Executive agency’’ under section 105. (B) E
VALUATION .—The term ‘‘evaluation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 311 of title 5, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). TITLE II—OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA ACT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act’’ or the ‘‘OPEN Government Data Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.007 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10520 December 21, 2018 
SEC. 202. OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (14), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(15) the term ‘comprehensive data inventory’ means the inventory created under section 3511(a), but does not include any underlying data asset listed on the inventory; ‘‘(16) the term ‘data’ means recorded informa-tion, regardless of form or the media on which the data is recorded; ‘‘(17) the term ‘data asset’ means a collection of data elements or data sets that may be grouped together; ‘‘(18) the term ‘machine-readable’, when used with respect to data, means data in a format that can be easily processed by a computer with-out human intervention while ensuring no se-mantic meaning is lost; ‘‘(19) the term ‘metadata’ means structural or descriptive information about data such as con-tent, format, source, rights, accuracy, prove-nance, frequency, periodicity, granularity, pub-lisher or responsible party, contact information, method of collection, and other descriptions; ‘‘(20) the term ‘open Government data asset’ means a public data asset that is— ‘‘(A) machine-readable; ‘‘(B) available (or could be made available) in an open format; ‘‘(C) not encumbered by restrictions, other than intellectual property rights, including under titles 17 and 35, that would impede the use or reuse of such asset; and ‘‘(D) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organization; ‘‘(21) the term ‘open license’ means a legal guarantee that a data asset is made available— ‘‘(A) at no cost to the public; and ‘‘(B) with no restrictions on copying, pub-lishing, distributing, transmitting, citing, or adapting such asset; ‘‘(22) the term ‘public data asset’ means a data asset, or part thereof, maintained by the Federal Government that has been, or may be, released to the public, including any data asset, or part thereof, subject to disclosure under sec-tion 552 of title 5; and ‘‘(23) the term ‘statistical laws’ means sub-chapter III of this chapter and other laws per-taining to the protection of information col-lected for statistical purposes as designated by the Director.’’. (b) G
UIDANCE TO MAKEDATAOPEN BY DE-
FAULT .—Section 3504(b) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) issue guidance for agencies to implement section 3506(b)(6) in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(A) risks and restrictions related to the dis-closure of personally identifiable information, including the risk that an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a privacy or confiden-tiality risk but when combined with other avail-able information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(B) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available infor-mation may pose such a risk; ‘‘(C) the cost and benefits to the public of con-verting a data asset into a machine-readable format that is accessible and useful to the pub-lic; ‘‘(D) whether the application of the require-ments described in such section to a data asset could result in legal liability; ‘‘(E) a determination of whether a data asset— ‘‘(i) is subject to intellectual property rights, including rights under titles 17 and 35; ‘‘(ii) contains confidential business informa-tion, that could be withheld under section 552(b)(4) of title 5; or ‘‘(iii) is otherwise restricted by contract or other binding, written agreement; ‘‘(F) the requirement that a data asset be dis-closed, if it would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’); and ‘‘(G) any other considerations that the Direc-tor determines to be relevant.’’. (c) FEDERAL AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES TO  M
AKEDATAOPEN BY DEFAULT .— (1) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) in accordance with guidance by the Di-rector, develop and maintain a strategic infor-mation resources management plan that, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) describes how information resources management activities help accomplish agency missions; ‘‘(B) includes an open data plan that— ‘‘(i) requires the agency to develop processes and procedures that— ‘‘(I) require data collection mechanisms cre-ated on or after the date of the enactment of the OPEN Government Data Act to be available in an open format; and ‘‘(II) facilitate collaboration with non-Gov-ernment entities (including businesses), re-searchers, and the public for the purpose of un-derstanding how data users value and use gov-ernment data; ‘‘(ii) identifies and implements methods for collecting and analyzing digital information on data asset usage by users within and outside of the agency, including designating a point of contact within the agency to assist the public and to respond to quality issues, usability issues, recommendations for improvements, and complaints about adherence to open data re-quirements within a reasonable period of time; ‘‘(iii) develops and implements a process to evaluate and improve the timeliness, complete-ness, consistency, accuracy, usefulness, and availability of open Government data assets; ‘‘(iv) includes requirements for meeting the goals of the agency open data plan, including the acquisition of technology, provision of train-ing for employees, and the implementation of procurement standards, in accordance with ex-isting law, regulation, and policy, that allow for the acquisition of innovative solutions from public and private sectors; ‘‘(v) identifies as priority data assets any data asset for which disclosure would be in the public interest and establishes a plan to evaluate each priority data asset for disclosure on the Federal Data Catalogue under section 3511 and for a de-termination under 3511(a)(2)(A)(iii)(I)(bb), in-cluding an accounting of which priority data assets have not yet been evaluated; and ‘‘(vi) requires the agency to comply with re-quirements under section 3511, including any standards established by the Director under such section, when disclosing a data asset pur-suant to such section; and ‘‘(C) is updated annually and made publicly available on the website of the agency not later than 5 days after each such update;’’; (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) in accordance with guidance by the Di-rector— ‘‘(A) make each data asset of the agency available in an open format; and ‘‘(B) make each public data asset of the agen-cy available— ‘‘(i) as an open Government data asset; and ‘‘(ii) under an open license.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) ensure that any public data asset of the agency is machine-readable; and ‘‘(6) engage the public in using public data as-sets of the agency and encourage collaboration by— ‘‘(A) publishing on the website of the agency, on a regular basis (not less than annually), in-formation on the usage of such assets by non- Government users; ‘‘(B) providing the public with the oppor-tunity to request specific data assets to be prioritized for disclosure and to provide sugges-tions for the development of agency criteria with respect to prioritizing data assets for disclosure; ‘‘(C) assisting the public in expanding the use of public data assets; and ‘‘(D) hosting challenges, competitions, events, or other initiatives designed to create additional value from public data assets of the agency.’’. (2) U
SE OF OPEN DATA ASSETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each agency (as defined in sec-tion 3502 of title 44, United States Code) shall ensure that any activity by the agency meets the requirements of section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by this sub-section. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) D
ATA INVENTORY AND FEDERAL DATA C
ATALOGUE .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Section 3511 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 3511. Data inventory and Federal data catalogue ‘‘(a) C
OMPREHENSIVE DATAINVENTORY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In consultation with the Director and in accordance with the guidance established under paragraph (2), the head of each agency shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, develop and maintain a comprehensive data inventory that accounts for all data assets created by, collected by, under the control or di-rection of, or maintained by the agency. The head of each agency shall ensure that such in-ventory provides a clear and comprehensive un-derstanding of the data assets in the possession of the agency. ‘‘(2) G
UIDANCE .—The Director shall establish guidance for agencies to develop and maintain comprehensive data inventories under para-graph (1). Such guidance shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) A requirement for the head of an agency to include in the comprehensive data inventory metadata on each data asset of the agency, in-cluding, to the maximum extent practicable, the following: ‘‘(i) A description of the data asset, including all variable names and definitions. ‘‘(ii) The name or title of the data asset. ‘‘(iii) An indication of whether or not the agency— ‘‘(I) has determined or can determine if the data asset is— ‘‘(aa) an open Government data asset; ‘‘(bb) subject to disclosure or partial disclosure or exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5; ‘‘(cc) a public data asset eligible for disclosure under subsection (b); or ‘‘(dd) a data asset not subject to open format or open license requirements due to existing limi-tations or restrictions on government distribu-tion of the asset; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.007 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10521 December 21, 2018 
‘‘(II) as of the date of such indication, has not made such determination. ‘‘(iv) Any determination made under section 3582, if available. ‘‘(v) A description of the method by which the public may access or request access to the data asset. ‘‘(vi) The date on which the data asset was most recently updated. ‘‘(vii) Each agency responsible for maintain-ing the data asset. ‘‘(viii) The owner of the data asset. ‘‘(ix) To the extent practicable, any restriction on the use of the data asset. ‘‘(x) The location of the data asset. ‘‘(xi) Any other metadata necessary to make the comprehensive data inventory useful to the agency and the public, or otherwise determined useful by the Director. ‘‘(B) A requirement for the head of an agency to exclude from the comprehensive data inven-tory any data asset contained on a national se-curity system, as defined in section 11103 of title 40. ‘‘(C) Criteria for the head of an agency to use in determining which metadata required by sub-paragraph (A), if any, in the comprehensive data inventory may not be made publicly avail-able, which shall include, at a minimum, a re-quirement to ensure all information that could not otherwise be withheld from disclosure under section 552 of title 5 is made public in the com-prehensive data inventory. ‘‘(D) A requirement for the head of each agen-cy, in accordance with a procedure established by the Director, to submit for inclusion in the Federal data catalogue maintained under sub-section (c) the comprehensive data inventory de-veloped pursuant to subparagraph (C), includ-ing any real-time updates to such inventory, and data assets made available in accordance with subparagraph (E) or any electronic hyperlink providing access to such data assets. ‘‘(E) Criteria for the head of an agency to use in determining whether a particular data asset should not be made publicly available in a man-ner that takes into account— ‘‘(i) risks and restrictions related to the disclo-sure of personally identifiable information, in-cluding the risk that an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a privacy or confiden-tiality risk but when combined with other avail-able information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(ii) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available infor-mation may pose such a risk; ‘‘(iii) the cost and benefits to the public of converting the data into a format that could be understood and used by the public; ‘‘(iv) whether the public dissemination of the data asset could result in legal liability; ‘‘(v) whether the data asset— ‘‘(I) is subject to intellectual property rights, including rights under titles 17 and 35; ‘‘(II) contains confidential business informa-tion, that could be withheld under section 552(b)(4) of title 5; or ‘‘(III) is restricted by contract or other bind-ing, written agreement; ‘‘(vi) whether the holder of a right to such data asset has been consulted; ‘‘(vii) the expectation that all data assets that would otherwise be made available under sec-tion 552 of title 5 be disclosed; and ‘‘(viii) any other considerations that the Di-rector determines to be relevant. ‘‘(F) Criteria for the head of an agency to use in assessing the indication of a determination under subparagraph (A)(iii) and how to prioritize any such subsequent determinations in the strategic information management plan under section 3506, in consideration of the exist-ing resources available to the agency. ‘‘(3) R
EGULAR UPDATES REQUIRED .—With re- spect to each data asset created or identified by an agency, the head of the agency shall update the comprehensive data inventory of the agency not later than 90 days after the date of such cre-ation or identification. ‘‘(b) PUBLIC DATAASSETS .—The head of each agency shall submit public data assets, or links to public data assets available online, as open Government data assets for inclusion in the Federal data catalogue maintained under sub-section (c), in accordance with the guidance es-tablished under subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(c) F
EDERAL DATACATALOGUE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall maintain a single public interface online as a point of entry dedicated to sharing agency data assets with the public, which shall be known as the ‘Federal data cata-logue’. The Administrator and the Director shall ensure that agencies can submit public data as-sets, or links to public data assets, for publica-tion and public availability on the interface. ‘‘(2) R
EPOSITORY .—The Director shall collabo-rate with the Office of Government Information Services and the Administrator of General Serv-ices to develop and maintain an online reposi-tory of tools, best practices, and schema stand-ards to facilitate the adoption of open data practices across the Federal Government, which shall— ‘‘(A) include any definitions, regulations, policies, checklists, and case studies related to open data policy; ‘‘(B) facilitate collaboration and the adoption of best practices across the Federal Government relating to the adoption of open data practices; and ‘‘(C) be made available on the Federal data catalogue maintained under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) A
CCESS TO OTHER DATA ASSETS .—The Di- rector shall ensure the Federal data catalogue maintained under paragraph (1) provides infor-mation on how the public can access a data asset included in a comprehensive data inven-tory under subsection (a) that is not yet avail-able on the Federal data catalogue, including information regarding the application process established under section 3583 of title 44. ‘‘(d) D
ELEGATION .—The Director shall dele-gate to the Administrator of the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs and the Admin-istrator of the Office of Electronic Government the authority to jointly issue guidance required under this section.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The item relating to section 3511 of the table of sections at the begin-ning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘3511. Data inventory and Federal data cata-logue.’’. (B) C
ROSS-REFERENCE .—Section 3504(b)(2)(A) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the use of the Government Information Locator Service’’ and inserting ‘‘the use of com-prehensive data inventories and the Federal data catalogue under section 3511’’. (e) C
HIEF DATAOFFICERS .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Section 3520 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 3520. Chief Data Officers ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The head of each agency shall designate a career appointee (as defined in section 3132 of title 5) in the agency as the Chief Data Officer of the agency. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Data Officer of an agency shall be designated on the basis of demonstrated training and experience in data management, governance (including creation, application, and maintenance of data stand-ards), collection, analysis, protection, use, and dissemination, including with respect to any statistical and related techniques to protect and de-identify confidential data. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—The Chief Data Officer of an agency shall— ‘‘(1) be responsible for lifecycle data manage-ment; ‘‘(2) coordinate with any official in the agen-cy responsible for using, protecting, dissemi-nating, and generating data to ensure that the data needs of the agency are met; ‘‘(3) manage data assets of the agency, includ-ing the standardization of data format, sharing of data assets, and publication of data assets in accordance with applicable law; ‘‘(4) in carrying out the requirements under paragraphs (3) and (5), consult with any statis-tical official of the agency (as designated under section 314 of title 5); ‘‘(5) carry out the requirements of the agency under subsections (b) through (d), (f), and (i) of section 3506, section 3507, and section 3511; ‘‘(6) ensure that, to the extent practicable, agency data conforms with data management best practices; ‘‘(7) engage agency employees, the public, and contractors in using public data assets and en-courage collaborative approaches on improving data use; ‘‘(8) support the Performance Improvement Officer of the agency in identifying and using data to carry out the functions described in sec-tion 1124(a)(2) of title 31; ‘‘(9) support the Evaluation Officer of the agency in obtaining data to carry out the func-tions described in section 313(d) of title 5; ‘‘(10) review the impact of the infrastructure of the agency on data asset accessibility and co-ordinate with the Chief Information Officer of the agency to improve such infrastructure to re-duce barriers that inhibit data asset accessi-bility; ‘‘(11) ensure that, to the extent practicable, the agency maximizes the use of data in the agency, including for the production of evidence (as defined in section 3561), cybersecurity, and the improvement of agency operations; ‘‘(12) identify points of contact for roles and responsibilities related to open data use and im-plementation (as required by the Director); ‘‘(13) serve as the agency liaison to other agencies and the Office of Management and Budget on the best way to use existing agency data for statistical purposes (as defined in sec-tion 3561); and ‘‘(14) comply with any regulation and guid-ance issued under subchapter III, including the acquisition and maintenance of any required certification and training. ‘‘(d) DELEGATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent necessary to comply with statistical laws, the Chief Data Of-ficer of an agency shall delegate any responsi-bility under subsection (c) to the head of a sta-tistical agency or unit (as defined in section 3561) within the agency. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—To the extent permis-sible under law, the individual to whom a re-sponsibility has been delegated under paragraph (1) shall consult with the Chief Data Officer of the agency in carrying out such responsibility. ‘‘(3) D
EFERENCE .—The Chief Data Officer of the agency shall defer to the individual to whom a responsibility has been delegated under para-graph (1) regarding the necessary delegation of such responsibility with respect to any data ac-quired, maintained, or disseminated by the agency under applicable statistical law. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—The Chief Data Officer of an agency shall submit to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representa-tives an annual report on the compliance of the agency with the requirements of this sub-chapter, including information on each require-ment that the agency could not carry out and, if applicable, what the agency needs to carry out such requirement.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The item relating to section 3520 of the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘3520. Chief Data Officers.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.007 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10522 December 21, 2018 
(f) C HIEF DATAOFFICER COUNCIL .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by in-serting before section 3521 the following new section: ‘‘§ 3520A. Chief Data Officer Council ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Office of Management and Budget a Chief Data Officer Council (in this section referred to as the ‘Council’). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE AND FUNCTIONS .—The Council shall— ‘‘(1) establish Governmentwide best practices for the use, protection, dissemination, and gen-eration of data; ‘‘(2) promote and encourage data sharing agreements between agencies; ‘‘(3) identify ways in which agencies can im-prove upon the production of evidence for use in policymaking; ‘‘(4) consult with the public and engage with private users of Government data and other stakeholders on how to improve access to data assets of the Federal Government; and ‘‘(5) identify and evaluate new technology so-lutions for improving the collection and use of data. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Data Officer of each agency shall serve as a member of the Council. ‘‘(2) C
HAIR.—The Director shall select the Chair of the Council from among the members of the Council. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Adminis-trator of the Office of Electronic Government shall serve as a member of the Council. ‘‘(4) E
X OFFICIO MEMBER .—The Director shall appoint a representative for all Chief Informa-tion Officers and Evaluation Officers, and such representative shall serve as an ex officio mem-ber of the Council. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—The Council shall submit to the Director, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representatives a biennial report on the work of the Council. ‘‘(e) E
VALUATION AND TERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) GAO 
EVALUATION OF COUNCIL .—Not later than 4 years after date of the enactment of this section, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on whether the additional du-ties of the Council improved the use of evidence and program evaluation in the Federal Govern-ment. ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION OF COUNCIL .—The Council shall terminate and this section shall be re-pealed upon the expiration of the 2-year period that begins on the date the Comptroller General submits the report under paragraph (1) to Con-gress.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 3521 the following new item: ‘‘3520A. Chief Data Officer Council.’’. (g) R
EPORTS .— (1) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form of the House of Representatives a report that identifies, to the extent practicable— (A) the value of information made available to the public as a result of this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act; (B) whether the public availability of any in-formation that has not yet been made so avail-able would be valuable to the public; and (C) the completeness of each comprehensive data inventory developed under section 3511 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (d). (2) BIENNIAL OMB REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall electronically publish a report on agency performance and compliance with this Act and the amendments made by this Act. TITLE III—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFI-CIENCY 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Effi-ciency Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 302. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTEC-TION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—CONFIDENTIAL INFOR-MATION PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY ‘‘PART A—GENERAL ‘‘§ 3561. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘agency’ means any entity that falls within the definition of the term ‘executive agency’, as defined in section 102 of title 31, or ‘agency’, as defined in section 3502. ‘‘(2) A
GENT.—The term ‘agent’ means an indi-vidual— ‘‘(A)(i) who is an employee of a private orga-nization or a researcher affiliated with an insti-tution of higher learning (including a person granted special sworn status by the Bureau of the Census under section 23(c) of title 13), and with whom a contract or other agreement is exe-cuted, on a temporary basis, by an executive agency to perform exclusively statistical activi-ties under the control and supervision of an of-ficer or employee of that agency; ‘‘(ii) who is working under the authority of a government entity with which a contract or other agreement is executed by an executive agency to perform exclusively statistical activi-ties under the control of an officer or employee of that agency; ‘‘(iii) who is a self-employed researcher, a con-sultant, a contractor, or an employee of a con-tractor, and with whom a contract or other agreement is executed by an executive agency to perform a statistical activity under the control of an officer or employee of that agency; or ‘‘(iv) who is a contractor or an employee of a contractor, and who is engaged by the agency to design or maintain the systems for handling or storage of data received under this subchapter; and ‘‘(B) who agrees in writing to comply with all provisions of law that affect information ac-quired by that agency. ‘‘(3) B
USINESS DATA .—The term ‘business data’ means operating and financial data and infor-mation about businesses, tax-exempt organiza-tions, and government entities. ‘‘(4) D
ATA ASSET .—The term ‘data asset’ has the meaning given that term in section 3502. ‘‘(5) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(6) E
VIDENCE .—The term ‘evidence’ means information produced as a result of statistical activities conducted for a statistical purpose. ‘‘(7) I
DENTIFIABLE FORM .—The term ‘identifi-able form’ means any representation of informa-tion that permits the identity of the respondent to whom the information applies to be reason-ably inferred by either direct or indirect means. ‘‘(8) N
ONSTATISTICAL PURPOSE .—The term ‘nonstatistical purpose’— ‘‘(A) means the use of data in identifiable form for any purpose that is not a statistical purpose, including any administrative, regu-latory, law enforcement, adjudicatory, or other purpose that affects the rights, privileges, or benefits of a particular identifiable respondent; and ‘‘(B) includes the disclosure under section 552 of title 5 of data that are acquired for exclu-sively statistical purposes under a pledge of con-fidentiality. ‘‘(9) RESPONDENT .—The term ‘respondent’ means a person who, or organization that, is re-quested or required to supply information to an agency, is the subject of information requested or required to be supplied to an agency, or pro-vides that information to an agency. ‘‘(10) S
TATISTICAL ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘sta-tistical activities’— ‘‘(A) means the collection, compilation, proc-essing, or analysis of data for the purpose of de-scribing or making estimates concerning the whole, or relevant groups or components within, the economy, society, or the natural environ-ment; and ‘‘(B) includes the development of methods or resources that support those activities, such as measurement methods, models, statistical classi-fications, or sampling frames. ‘‘(11) S
TATISTICAL AGENCY OR UNIT .—The term ‘statistical agency or unit’ means an agency or organizational unit of the executive branch whose activities are predominantly the collec-tion, compilation, processing, or analysis of in-formation for statistical purposes, as designated by the Director under section 3562. ‘‘(12) S
TATISTICAL PURPOSE .—The term ‘statis-tical purpose’— ‘‘(A) means the description, estimation, or analysis of the characteristics of groups, with-out identifying the individuals or organizations that comprise such groups; and ‘‘(B) includes the development, implementa-tion, or maintenance of methods, technical or administrative procedures, or information re-sources that support the purposes described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘§ 3562. Coordination and oversight of policies ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall coordi-nate and oversee the confidentiality and disclo-sure policies established by this subchapter. The Director may promulgate rules or provide other guidance to ensure consistent interpretation of this subchapter by the affected agencies. The Director shall develop a process by which the Director designates agencies or organizational units as statistical agencies and units. The Di-rector shall promulgate guidance to implement such process, which shall include specific cri-teria for such designation and methods by which the Director will ensure transparency in the process. ‘‘(b) A
GENCY RULES.—Subject to subsection (c), agencies may promulgate rules to implement this subchapter. Rules governing disclosures of information that are authorized by this sub-chapter shall be promulgated by the agency that originally collected the information. ‘‘(c) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL OF RULES.—The Director shall review any rules proposed by an agency pursuant to this subchapter for consist-ency with the provisions of this chapter and such rules shall be subject to the approval of the Director. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) The head of each agency shall provide to the Director such reports and other information as the Director requests. ‘‘(2) Each Designated Statistical Agency (as defined in section 3576(e)) shall report annually to the Director, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate on the actions it has taken to implement section 3576. The report shall include copies of each written agreement entered into pursuant to section 3576(c)(1) for the applicable year. ‘‘(3) The Director shall include a summary of reports submitted to the Director under this sub-section and actions taken by the Director to ad-vance the purposes of this subchapter in the an-nual report to Congress on statistical programs prepared under section 3504(e)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.007 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10523 December 21, 2018 
‘‘§ 3563. Statistical agencies ‘‘(a) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each statistical agency or unit shall— ‘‘(A) produce and disseminate relevant and timely statistical information; ‘‘(B) conduct credible and accurate statistical activities; ‘‘(C) conduct objective statistical activities; and ‘‘(D) protect the trust of information providers by ensuring the confidentiality and exclusive statistical use of their responses. ‘‘(2) P
OLICIES , BEST PRACTICES , AND PROCE -
DURES .—Each statistical agency or unit shall adopt policies, best practices, and appropriate procedures to implement the responsibilities de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) S
UPPORT FROM OTHER AGENCIES .—The head of each agency shall enable, support, and facilitate statistical agencies or units in car-rying out the responsibilities described in sub-section (a)(1). ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Director shall pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CCURATE .—The term ‘accurate’, when used with respect to statistical activities, means statistics that consistently match the events and trends being measured. ‘‘(2) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The term ‘confiden-tiality’ means a quality or condition accorded to information as an obligation not to disclose that information to an unauthorized party. ‘‘(3) O
BJECTIVE .—The term ‘objective’, when used with respect to statistical activities, means accurate, clear, complete, and unbiased. ‘‘(4) R
ELEVANT .—The term ‘relevant’, when used with respect to statistical information, means processes, activities, and other such mat-ters likely to be useful to policymakers and pub-lic and private sector data users. ‘‘§ 3564. Effect on other laws ‘‘(a) T
ITLE 44, U NITED STATES CODE.—This subchapter does not diminish the authority under section 3510 of the Director to direct, and of an agency to make, disclosures that are not inconsistent with any applicable law. ‘‘(b) T
ITLE 13 ANDTITLE 44, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.—This subchapter does not diminish the authority of the Bureau of the Census to pro-vide information in accordance with sections 8, 16, 301, and 401 of title 13 and section 2108 of this title. ‘‘(c) T
ITLE 13, U NITED STATES CODE.—This subchapter shall not be construed as author-izing the disclosure for nonstatistical purposes of demographic data or information collected by the Bureau of the Census pursuant to section 9 of title 13. ‘‘(d) V
ARIOUS ENERGY STATUTES .—Data or in-formation acquired by the Energy Information Administration under a pledge of confidentiality and designated by the Energy Information Ad-ministration to be used for exclusively statistical purposes shall not be disclosed in identifiable form for nonstatistical purposes under— ‘‘(1) section 12, 20, or 59 of the Federal Energy Administration Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 771, 779, 790h); ‘‘(2) section 11 of the Energy Supply and En-vironmental Coordination Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 796); or ‘‘(3) section 205 or 407 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7135, 7177). ‘‘(e) S
ECTION 201 OFCONGRESSIONAL BUDGET  A
CT OF 1974.—This subchapter shall not be con-strued to limit any authorities of the Congres-sional Budget Office to work (consistent with laws governing the confidentiality of informa-tion the disclosure of which would be a viola-tion of law) with databases of Designated Sta-tistical Agencies (as defined in section 3576(e)), either separately or, for data that may be shared pursuant to section 3576(c) or other au-thority, jointly in order to improve the general utility of these databases for the statistical pur-pose of analyzing pension and health care fi-nancing issues. ‘‘(f) PREEMPTION OF STATE LAW.—Nothing in this subchapter shall preempt applicable State law regarding the confidentiality of data col-lected by the States. ‘‘(g) S
TATUTES REGARDING FALSE STATE-
MENTS .—Notwithstanding section 3572, informa-tion collected by an agency for exclusively sta-tistical purposes under a pledge of confiden-tiality may be provided by the collecting agency to a law enforcement agency for the prosecution of submissions to the collecting agency of false statistical information under statutes that au-thorize criminal penalties (such as section 221 of title 13) or civil penalties for the provision of false statistical information, unless such disclo-sure or use would otherwise be prohibited under Federal law. ‘‘(h) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-chapter shall be construed as restricting or di-minishing any confidentiality protections or penalties for unauthorized disclosure that other-wise apply to data or information collected for statistical purposes or nonstatistical purposes, including, but not limited to, section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(i) A
UTHORITY OF CONGRESS .—Nothing in this subchapter shall be construed to affect the authority of the Congress, including its commit-tees, members, or agents, to obtain data or infor-mation for a statistical purpose, including for oversight of an agency’s statistical activities. ‘‘PART B—CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION PROTECTION ‘‘§ 3571. Findings ‘‘The Congress finds the following: ‘‘(1) Individuals, businesses, and other organi-zations have varying degrees of legal protection when providing information to the agencies for strictly statistical purposes. ‘‘(2) Pledges of confidentiality by agencies provide assurances to the public that informa-tion about individuals or organizations or pro-vided by individuals or organizations for exclu-sively statistical purposes will be held in con-fidence and will not be used against such indi-viduals or organizations in any agency action. ‘‘(3) Protecting the confidentiality interests of individuals or organizations who provide infor-mation under a pledge of confidentiality for Federal statistical programs serves both the in-terests of the public and the needs of society. ‘‘(4) Declining trust of the public in the pro-tection of information provided under a pledge of confidentiality to the agencies adversely af-fects both the accuracy and completeness of sta-tistical analyses. ‘‘(5) Ensuring that information provided under a pledge of confidentiality for statistical purposes receives protection is essential in con-tinuing public cooperation in statistical pro-grams. ‘‘§ 3572. Confidential information protection ‘‘(a) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are the following: ‘‘(1) To ensure that information supplied by individuals or organizations to an agency for statistical purposes under a pledge of confiden-tiality is used exclusively for statistical pur-poses. ‘‘(2) To ensure that individuals or organiza-tions who supply information under a pledge of confidentiality to agencies for statistical pur-poses will neither have that information dis-closed in identifiable form to anyone not au-thorized by this subchapter nor have that infor-mation used for any purpose other than a statis-tical purpose. ‘‘(3) To safeguard the confidentiality of indi-vidually identifiable information acquired under a pledge of confidentiality for statistical pur-poses by controlling access to, and uses made of, such information. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF STATISTICAL DATA OR INFORMA -
TION.—Data or information acquired by an agency under a pledge of confidentiality and for exclusively statistical purposes shall be used by officers, employees, or agents of the agency ex-clusively for statistical purposes and protected in accordance with such pledge. ‘‘(c) DISCLOSURE OF STATISTICAL DATA OR IN-
FORMATION .— ‘‘(1) Data or information acquired by an agen-cy under a pledge of confidentiality for exclu-sively statistical purposes shall not be disclosed by an agency in identifiable form, for any use other than an exclusively statistical purpose, ex-cept with the informed consent of the respond-ent. ‘‘(2) A disclosure pursuant to paragraph (1) is authorized only when the head of the agency approves such disclosure and the disclosure is not prohibited by any other law. ‘‘(3) This section does not restrict or diminish any confidentiality protections in law that oth-erwise apply to data or information acquired by an agency under a pledge of confidentiality for exclusively statistical purposes. ‘‘(d) R
ULE FOR USE OF DATA OR INFORMATION  
FOR NONSTATISTICAL PURPOSES .—A statistical agency or unit shall clearly distinguish any data or information it collects for nonstatistical purposes (as authorized by law) and provide no-tice to the public, before the data or information is collected, that the data or information could be used for nonstatistical purposes. ‘‘(e) D
ESIGNATION OF AGENTS .—A statistical agency or unit may designate agents, by con-tract or by entering into a special agreement containing the provisions required under section 3561(2) for treatment as an agent under that sec-tion, who may perform exclusively statistical ac-tivities, subject to the limitations and penalties described in this subchapter. ‘‘(f) F
INES AND PENALTIES .—Whoever, being an officer, employee, or agent of an agency ac-quiring information for exclusively statistical purposes, having taken and subscribed the oath of office, or having sworn to observe the limita-tions imposed by this section, comes into posses-sion of such information by reason of his or her being an officer, employee, or agent and, know-ing that the disclosure of the specific informa-tion is prohibited under the provisions of this subchapter, willfully discloses the information in any manner to a person or agency not enti-tled to receive it, shall be guilty of a class E fel-ony and imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or fined not more than $250,000, or both. ‘‘PART C—STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY ‘‘§ 3575. Findings ‘‘The Congress finds the following: ‘‘(1) Federal statistics are an important source of information for public and private decision- makers such as policymakers, consumers, busi-nesses, investors, and workers. ‘‘(2) Federal statistical agencies should con-tinuously seek to improve their efficiency. Stat-utory constraints limit the ability of these agen-cies to share data and thus to achieve higher ef-ficiency for Federal statistical programs. ‘‘(3) The quality of Federal statistics depends on the willingness of businesses to respond to statistical surveys. Reducing reporting burdens will increase response rates, and therefore lead to more accurate characterizations of the econ-omy. ‘‘(4) Enhanced sharing of business data among the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics for exclusively statistical purposes will improve their ability to track more accurately the large and rapidly changing nature of United States business. In particular, the statistical agencies will be able to better ensure that busi-nesses are consistently classified in appropriate industries, resolve data anomalies, produce sta-tistical samples that are consistently adjusted for the entry and exit of new businesses in a timely manner, and correct faulty reporting er-rors quickly and efficiently. ‘‘(5) Congress enacted the International In-vestment and Trade in Services Survey Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.007 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10524 December 21, 2018 
(Public Law 94–472), which allowed the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Anal-ysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics to share data on foreign-owned companies. The Act not only expanded detailed industry coverage from 135 industries to over 800 industries with no in-crease in the data collected from respondents but also demonstrated how data sharing can re-sult in the creation of valuable data products. ‘‘(6) With part B of this subchapter, the shar-ing of business data among the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics continues to en-sure the highest level of confidentiality for re-spondents to statistical surveys. ‘‘§ 3576. Designated statistical agencies ‘‘(a) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are the following: ‘‘(1) To authorize the sharing of business data among the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Economic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics for exclusively statistical purposes. ‘‘(2) To reduce the paperwork burdens im-posed on businesses that provide requested in-formation to the Federal Government. ‘‘(3) To improve the comparability and accu-racy of Federal economic statistics by allowing the Bureau of the Census, the Bureau of Eco-nomic Analysis, and the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics to update sample frames, develop consistent classifications of establishments and companies into industries, improve coverage, and reconcile significant differences in data produced by the three agencies. ‘‘(4) To increase understanding of the United States economy, especially for key industry and regional statistics, to develop more accurate measures of the impact of technology on produc-tivity growth, and to enhance the reliability of the Nation’s most important economic indica-tors, such as the National Income and Product Accounts. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF DESIGNATED STATIS -
TICAL AGENCIES .—The head of each of the Des-ignated Statistical Agencies shall— ‘‘(1) identify opportunities to eliminate dupli-cation and otherwise reduce reporting burden and cost imposed on the public in providing in-formation for statistical purposes; ‘‘(2) enter into joint statistical projects to im-prove the quality and reduce the cost of statis-tical programs; and ‘‘(3) protect the confidentiality of individually identifiable information acquired for statistical purposes by adhering to safeguard principles, including— ‘‘(A) emphasizing to their officers, employees, and agents the importance of protecting the confidentiality of information in cases where the identity of individual respondents can rea-sonably be inferred by either direct or indirect means; ‘‘(B) training their officers, employees, and agents in their legal obligations to protect the confidentiality of individually identifiable infor-mation and in the procedures that must be fol-lowed to provide access to such information; ‘‘(C) implementing appropriate measures to assure the physical and electronic security of confidential data; ‘‘(D) establishing a system of records that identifies individuals accessing confidential data and the project for which the data were re-quired; and ‘‘(E) being prepared to document their compli-ance with safeguard principles to other agencies authorized by law to monitor such compliance. ‘‘(c) S
HARING OF BUSINESS DATAAMONG DES-
IGNATED STATISTICAL AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A Designated Statistical Agency may provide business data in an identi-fiable form to another Designated Statistical Agency under the terms of a written agreement among the agencies sharing the business data that specifies— ‘‘(A) the business data to be shared; ‘‘(B) the statistical purposes for which the business data are to be used; ‘‘(C) the officers, employees, and agents au-thorized to examine the business data to be shared; and ‘‘(D) appropriate security procedures to safe-guard the confidentiality of the business data. ‘‘(2) RESPONSIBILITIES OF AGENCIES UNDER  
OTHER LAWS .—The provision of business data by an agency to a Designated Statistical Agency under this section shall in no way alter the re-sponsibility of the agency providing the data under other statutes (including sections 552 and 552b of title 5) with respect to the provision or withholding of such information by the agency providing the data. ‘‘(3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF OFFICERS , EMPLOY -
EES, AND AGENTS .—Examination of business data in identifiable form shall be limited to the offi-cers, employees, and agents authorized to exam-ine the individual reports in accordance with written agreements pursuant to this section. Of-ficers, employees, and agents of a Designated Statistical Agency who receive data pursuant to this section shall be subject to all provisions of law, including penalties, that relate— ‘‘(A) to the unlawful provision of the business data that would apply to the officers, employ-ees, and agents of the agency that originally ob-tained the information; and ‘‘(B) to the unlawful disclosure of the busi-ness data that would apply to officers, employ-ees, and agents of the agency that originally ob-tained the information. ‘‘(4) N
OTICE .—Whenever a written agreement concerns data that respondents were required by law to report and the respondents were not in-formed that the data could be shared among the Designated Statistical Agencies, for exclusively statistical purposes, the terms of such agreement shall be described in a public notice issued by the agency that intends to provide the data. Such notice shall allow a minimum of 60 days for public comment. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS ON USE OF BUSINESS DATA P
ROVIDED BY DESIGNATED STATISTICAL AGEN-
CIES.— ‘‘(1) G
ENERAL USE .—Business data provided by a Designated Statistical Agency pursuant to this section shall be used exclusively for statis-tical purposes. ‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION .—Publication of business data acquired by a Designated Statistical Agen-cy shall occur in a manner whereby the data furnished by any particular respondent are not in identifiable form. ‘‘(e) D
ESIGNATED STATISTICAL AGENCY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘Designated Statistical Agency’ means each of the following: ‘‘(1) The Census Bureau of the Department of Commerce. ‘‘(2) The Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce. ‘‘(3) The Bureau of Labor Statistics of the De-partment of Labor.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by proceeding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY  ‘‘P
ARTA—G ENERAL  ‘‘3561. Definitions. ‘‘3562. Coordination and oversight of policies. ‘‘3563. Statistical agencies. ‘‘3564. Effect on other laws. ‘‘P
ARTB—C ONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  P
ROTECTION  ‘‘3571. Findings. ‘‘3572. Confidential information protection. ‘‘P
ARTC—S TATISTICAL EFFICIENCY  ‘‘3575. Findings. ‘‘3576. Designated statistical agencies.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  
PROTECTION AND STATISTICAL EFFICIENCY ACT OF  
2002.—Title V of the E–Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347; 44 U.S.C. 3501 note) is re-pealed (and the table of contents of such Act shall be conformed accordingly). (2) TITLE 13 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Section 402 of title 13, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information Protec-tion and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3576(e) of title 44’’. (3) T
ITLE 49 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 6302(d)(4), by striking ‘‘the Con-fidential Information’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘section 3572 of title 44.’’; and (B) in section 6314(d)(2), by striking ‘‘the Con-fidential Information’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘section 3572 of title 44.’’. (4) A
CT OF JANUARY 27 , 1938.—The first section of the Act of January 27, 1938, entitled ‘‘An Act to make confidential certain information fur-nished to the Bureau of Foreign and Domestic Commerce, and for other purposes’’ (52 Stat. 8, chapter 11; 15 U.S.C. 176a), is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002’’ and in-serting ‘‘subchapter III of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code’’. (5) F
IXING AMERICA ’S SURFACE TRANSPOR -
TATION ACT .—Section 7308(e)(2) of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (Public Law 114–94; 49 U.S.C. 20155 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the Confidential Information Protec-tion and Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3572 of title 44, United States Code’’. (d) T
RANSITIONAL AND SAVINGS PROVISIONS .— (1) C
UTOFF DATE .—This title replaces certain provisions of law enacted on December 17, 2002. If a law enacted after that date amends or re-peals a provision replaced by this title, that law is deemed to amend or repeal, as the case may be, the corresponding provision enacted by this title. If a law enacted after that date is other-wise inconsistent with this title, it supersedes this title to the extent of the inconsistency. (2) O
RIGINAL DATE OF ENACTMENT UN -
CHANGED .—For purposes of determining whether one provision of law supersedes another based on enactment later in time, the date of the en-actment of a provision enacted by this title is deemed to be the date of the enactment of the provision it replaced. (3) R
EFERENCES TO PROVISIONS REPLACED .—A reference to a provision of law replaced by this title, including a reference in a regulation, order, or other law, is deemed to refer to the cor-responding provision enacted by this title. (4) R
EGULATIONS , ORDERS , AND OTHER ADMIN -
ISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—A regulation, order, or other administrative action in effect under a provision of law replaced by this title continues in effect under the corresponding provision en-acted by this title. (5) A
CTIONS TAKEN AND OFFENSES COM -
MITTED .—An action taken or an offense com-mitted under a provision of law replaced by this title is deemed to have been taken or committed under the corresponding provision enacted by this title. 
SEC. 303. INCREASING ACCESS TO DATA FOR EVI-DENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 302, is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART D—ACCESS TO DATA FOR EVIDENCE ‘‘§ 3581. Presumption of accessibility for statis-tical agencies and units ‘‘(a) A
CCESSIBILITY OF DATA ASSETS .—The head of an agency shall, to the extent prac-ticable, make any data asset maintained by the agency available, upon request, to any statis-tical agency or unit for purposes of developing evidence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.007 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10525 December 21, 2018 
‘‘(b) L IMITATIONS .—Subsection (a) does not apply to any data asset that is subject to a stat-ute that— ‘‘(1) prohibits the sharing or intended use of such asset in a manner as to leave no discretion on the issue; or ‘‘(2) if enacted after the date of the enactment of this section, specifically cites to this para-graph. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Director shall pre-scribe regulations for agencies to carry out this section. Such regulations shall— ‘‘(1) require the timely provision of data assets under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) provide a list of statutes that exempt agencies from the requirement under subsection (a) pursuant to subsection (b)(1); ‘‘(3) establish clear and consistent standards, to the extent possible, for complying with sec-tion 552a of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Pri-vacy Act of 1974’) and any other applicable law requiring the protection and confidentiality of individually identifiable information; and ‘‘(4) require a transparent process for statis-tical agencies and units to request data assets from agencies and for agencies to respond to such requests. ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as altering existing in-tellectual property rights or the terms of any contract or other binding, written agreement. ‘‘§ 3582. Expanding secure access to CIPSEA data assets ‘‘(a) S
TATISTICAL AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— To the extent practicable, each statistical agen-cy or unit shall expand access to data assets of such agency or unit acquired or accessed under this subchapter to develop evidence while pro-tecting such assets from inappropriate access and use, in accordance with the regulations promulgated under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS FOR ACCESSIBILITY OF NON-
PUBLIC DATAASSETS .—The Director shall pro-mulgate regulations, in accordance with appli-cable law, for statistical agencies and units to carry out the requirement under subsection (a). Such regulations shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Standards for each statistical agency or unit to assess each data asset owned or accessed by the statistical agency or unit for purposes of categorizing the sensitivity level of each such asset and identifying the corresponding level of accessibility to each such asset. Such standards shall include— ‘‘(A) common sensitivity levels and cor-responding levels of accessibility that may be as-signed to a data asset, including a requisite minimum and maximum number of sensitivity levels for each statistical agency or unit to use; ‘‘(B) criteria for determining the sensitivity level and corresponding level of accessibility of each data asset; and ‘‘(C) criteria for determining whether a less sensitive and more accessible version of a data asset can be produced. ‘‘(2) Standards for each statistical agency or unit to improve access to a data asset pursuant to paragraph (1) or (3) by removing or obscuring information in such a manner that the identity of the data subject is less likely to be reasonably inferred by either direct or indirect means. ‘‘(3) A requirement for each statistical agency or unit to conduct a comprehensive risk assess-ment of any data asset acquired or accessed under this subchapter prior to any public re-lease of such asset, including standards for such comprehensive risk assessment and criteria for making a determination of whether to release the data. ‘‘(4) Requirements for each statistical agency or unit to make any process or assessment estab-lished, produced, or conducted pursuant to this section transparent and easy to understand, in-cluding the following: ‘‘(A) A requirement to make information on the assessment of the sensitivity level of each data asset conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) available on the Federal data catalogue estab-lished under section 3511(c)(1). ‘‘(B) A requirement to make any comprehen-sive risk assessment, and associated determina-tions, conducted under paragraph (3) available on the Federal data catalogue established under section 3511(c)(1). ‘‘(C) A requirement to make any standard or policy established by the statistical agency or unit to carry out this section and any assess-ment conducted under this section easily acces-sible on the public website of such agency or unit. ‘‘(c) RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTOR .—The Director shall— ‘‘(1) make public all standards and policies es-tablished under this section; and ‘‘(2) ensure that statistical agencies and units have the ability to make information public on the Federal data catalogue established under section 3511(c)(1), in accordance with require-ments established pursuant to subsection (b). ‘‘§ 3583. Application to access data assets for developing evidence ‘‘(a) S
TANDARD APPLICATION PROCESS .—The Director shall establish a process through which agencies, the Congressional Budget Office, State, local, and Tribal governments, research-ers, and other individuals, as appropriate, may apply to access the data assets accessed or ac-quired under this subchapter by a statistical agency or unit for purposes of developing evi-dence. The process shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Sufficient detail to ensure that each sta-tistical agency or unit establishes an identical process. ‘‘(2) A common application form. ‘‘(3) Criteria for statistical agencies and units to determine whether to grant an applicant ac-cess to a data asset. ‘‘(4) Timeframes for prompt determinations by each statistical agency or unit. ‘‘(5) An appeals process for adverse decisions and noncompliance with the process established under this subsection. ‘‘(6) Standards for transparency, including re-quirements to make the following information publicly available: ‘‘(A) Each application received. ‘‘(B) The status of each application. ‘‘(C) The determination made for each appli-cation. ‘‘(D) Any other information, as appropriate, to ensure full transparency of the process estab-lished under this subsection. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In establishing the proc-ess required under subsection (a), the Director shall consult with stakeholders, including the public, agencies, State and local governments, and representatives of non-governmental re-searchers. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The head of each sta-tistical agency or unit shall implement the proc-ess established under subsection (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, as amended by preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘P
ARTD—A CCESS TO DATA FOR EVIDENCE  ‘‘3581. Presumption of accessibility for statistical agencies and units. ‘‘3582. Expanding secure access to CIPSEA data assets. ‘‘3583. Application to access data assets for de-veloping evidence.’’. (c) D
EADLINE FOR GUIDANCE AND IMPLEMEN -
TATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall promul-gate or issue any regulation or guidance re-quired by subchapter III of title 44, United States Code, as amended by this section, with a requirement for such regulation or guidance to be implemented not later than 1 year after the date on which such regulation or guidance has been promulgated or issued. TITLE IV—GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 401. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed— (1) to require the disclosure of information or records that are exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’); (2) to create or expand an exemption from dis-closure under such section; (3) to override, limit, or otherwise affect intel-lectual property rights, including rights under titles 17 and 35, United States Code; (4) to affect the authority of a Federal agency regarding the use, disclosure, or licensing of— (A) confidential business information that could be withheld under section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code; or (B) data assets restricted from disclosure under a contract or other binding, written agreement; or (5) to affect the independence, responsibilities, or work products of an Inspector General of any agency. 
SEC. 402. USE OF EXISTING RESOURCES. 
To the extent practicable, the head of each agency shall use existing procedures and sys-tems to carry out agency requirements and shall select existing employees for appointments under this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
SEC. 403. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take ef-fect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act sponsored by Speaker R
YANwould im-prove government data collection and transparency, while bolstering privacy protections, to better inform policy-making. This bill previously passed the House on suspension. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Foundations of Evidence-Based Policymaking Act, as amended, would establish a framework to support greater access and use of government data. I thank Speaker R
YAN, Senator M UR-
RAY, and Representative K ILMER for their constructive and collaborative bi-partisan work on this issue. The goal of the bill is to ensure that Congress and the executive branch are able to make important policy deci-sions based on evidence, facts, and science. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.007 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10526 December 21, 2018 
We are in very strong support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 4174. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
GOOD ACCOUNTING OBLIGATION IN GOVERNMENT ACT Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2276) to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommenda-tions in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2276 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Good Ac-counting Obligation in Government Act’’ or the ‘‘GAO–IG Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS ON OUTSTANDING GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE AND INSPECTOR GENERAL REC-OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ means— (1) a designated Federal entity, as defined in section 8G(a)(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); (2) an establishment, as defined in section 12(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (3) legislative branch agencies, including the Government Publishing Office, the Li-brary of Congress, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, and the United States Capitol Police. (b) R
EQUIRED REPORTS .—In the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, as submitted with the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, each agency shall include— (1) a report listing each public rec-ommendation of the Government Account-ability Office that is designated by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’ for a period of not less than 1 year preceding the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; (2) a report listing each public rec-ommendation for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that— (A) was published not less than 1 year be-fore the date on which the annual budget justification is submitted; and (B) for which no final action was taken as of the date on which the annual budget jus-tification is submitted; and (3) a report on the implementation status of each public recommendation described in paragraphs (1) and (2), which shall include— (A) with respect to a public recommenda-tion that is designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’— (i) that the agency has decided not to im-plement, a detailed justification for the deci-sion; or (ii) that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for full implementation, to the ex-tent practicable, if the agency determines that the recommendation has clear budget implications; (B) with respect to a public recommenda-tion for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action or action not recommended has been taken, an explanation of the reasons why no final action or action not rec-ommended was taken with respect to each audit report to which the public rec-ommendation for corrective action pertains; (C) with respect to an outstanding unimplemented public recommendation from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for implementation; (D) an explanation for any discrepancy be-tween— (i) the reports submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2); (ii) the semiannual reports submitted by the Office of Inspector General of the agency under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (iii) reports submitted by the Government Accountability Office relating to public rec-ommendations that are designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’; and (E) for the first 12 months after a public recommendation is made, if the agency is de-termining whether to implement the public recommendation, a statement describing that the agency is doing so, which shall ex-empt the agency from the requirements under subparagraphs (B) and (C) with respect to that public recommendation. (c) COPIES OF SUBMISSIONS .—Each agency shall provide a copy of the information sub-mitted under subsection (b) to the Govern-ment Accountability Office and the Office of Inspector General of the agency. 
SEC. 3. TIMELINE FOR AGENCY STATEMENTS. 
Section 720(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘61st’’ and inserting ‘‘181st’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Good Accounting Obligation in Government, or GAO-IG, Act would improve transparency and oversight of the executive branch. This bill enjoys bipartisan support. I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill, which is designed to promote the trans-parency and accountability of Federal agencies. It would require agencies to include in their budget justifications to Congress a summary of the rec-ommendations made by GAO or the agency’s inspector general in the prior year. Agencies also would be required to explain what steps they are actually taking to address these recommenda-tions by GAO or their IG or, if they dis-agree with those recommendations, why. The GAO and inspectors general pro-vide critical oversight of the executive branch of government and provide Con-gress with invaluable assistance in helping hold any Presidential adminis-tration accountable for its actions and policies. Knowing what agencies are doing or not doing to address GAO and IG rec-ommendations will definitely assist us in Congress in conducting our constitu-tional oversight responsibilities. This is a commonsense measure that all Members should support. I am de-lighted to advance it on a bipartisan basis. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2276. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FEDERAL PERSONAL PROPERTY MANAGEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3031) to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal personal prop-erty. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3031 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Per-sonal Property Management Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FEDERAL PERSONAL PROPERTY MANAGE-MENT. 
(a) I NVENTORY ASSESSING AND IDENTIFYING  E
XCESS PERSONAL PROPERTY .—Section 524(a) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.016 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10527 December 21, 2018 
(2) in paragraph (12), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) in accordance with guidance from the Administrator of General Services— ‘‘(A) on an annual basis, conduct an inven-tory and assessment of capitalized personal property to identify excess capitalized per-sonal property under its control, including evaluating— ‘‘(i) the age and condition of the personal property; ‘‘(ii) the extent to which the executive agency utilizes the personal property; ‘‘(iii) the extent to which the mission of the executive agency is dependent on the personal property; and ‘‘(iv) any other aspect of the personal prop-erty that the Administrator determines is useful or necessary for the executive agency to evaluate; and ‘‘(B) on a regular basis, conduct an inven-tory and assessment of accountable personal property under its control, including evalu-ating— ‘‘(i) the age and condition of the personal property; ‘‘(ii) the extent to which the executive agency utilizes the personal property; ‘‘(iii) the extent to which the mission of the executive agency is dependent on the personal property; and ‘‘(iv) any other aspect of the personal prop-erty that the Administrator determines is useful or necessary for the executive agency to evaluate.’’. (b) T
HRESHOLDS FOR CAPITALIZATION AND  A
CCOUNTABILITY .—Section 506(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) C
APITALIZATION THRESHOLDS .—Estab- lish thresholds for acquisitions of personal property for which executive agencies shall capitalize the personal property. ‘‘(F) A
CCOUNTABILITY THRESHOLDS .—Not- withstanding section 121(b), for the manage-ment and accountability of personal prop-erty, establish thresholds for acquisitions of personal property for which executive agen-cies shall establish and maintain property records in a centralized system.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Personal Property Management Act of 2018 would improve inventories and ac-counting of Federal Government prop-erty bought with taxpayer dollars. This bill has bipartisan support. I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am rising in support of the Federal Personal Property Man-agement Act, which would improve the accountability of unneeded equipment, furniture, and information technology resources at Federal agencies. It may be an appropriate time for us to take up this bill, given all the fur-niture strewn throughout the floors of the House of Representatives. The GAO recently found that most agencies do not have procedures in place to identify unneeded personal property on a regular basis. The GSA has issued regulations establishing a governmentwide excess property dis-posal process, but it lacks the author-ity to tell agencies how or when to identify excess property. As a result, agencies retain unneeded property that could be used elsewhere in the Federal Government, at State or local govern-ments, or in the private sector. b0930 The report also found there is a wide variation in how Federal agencies clas-sify according to value, which makes it difficult to measure the total value of the government’s personal property holdings. The Federal Personal Property Man-agement Act would direct Federal agencies to assess and inventory more valuable property assets once a year and assets of lower value on a regular basis, according to guidance issued by GSA. Requiring agencies to regularly in-ventory their excess property should spur agencies to declare excess prop-erty more often, allowing for its dis-posal. The bill also would give the GSA au-thority to establish a uniform standard for how agencies assess their most val-uable property, allowing for a better understanding and use of its value. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port the bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3031. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PERMISSION TO REDUCE TIME FOR ELECTRONIC VOTING DUR-ING PROCEEDINGS TODAY Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that during further proceedings today in the House, the Chair be authorized to reduce to 2 min-utes the minimum time for electronic voting on any question that otherwise could be subjected to 5-minute voting under clause 8 or 9 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. f 
CIVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE RECORDS COLLECTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3191) to provide for the expeditious disclosure of records related to civil rights cold cases, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3191 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
RCHIVIST .—The term ‘‘Archivist’’ means the Archivist of the United States. (2) C
IVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE .—The term ‘‘civil rights cold case’’ means any unsolved case— (A) arising out of events which occurred during the period beginning on January 1, 1940 and ending on December 31, 1979; and (B) related to— (i) section 241 of title 18, United States Code (relating to conspiracy against rights); (ii) section 242 of title 18, United States Code (relating to deprivation of rights under color of law); (iii) section 245 of title 18, United States Code (relating to federally protected activi-ties); (iv) sections 1581 and 1584 of title 18, United States Code (relating to peonage and invol-untary servitude); (v) section 901 of the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3631); or (vi) any other Federal law that was— (I) in effect on or before December 31, 1979; and (II) enforced by the criminal section of the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice before the date of enactment of this Act. (3) C
IVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE RECORD .—The term ‘‘civil rights cold case record’’ means a record that— (A) is related to a civil rights cold case; and (B) was created or made available for use by, obtained by, or otherwise came into the possession of— (i) the Library of Congress; (ii) the National Archives; (iii) any executive agency; (iv) any independent agency; (v) any other entity of the Federal Govern-ment; or (vi) any State or local government, or com-ponent thereof, that provided support or as-sistance or performed work in connection with a Federal inquiry into a civil rights cold case. (4) C
OLLECTION .—The term ‘‘Collection’’ means the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection established under section 3. (5) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘execu-tive agency’’ means an agency, as defined in section 552(f) of title 5, United States Code. (6) G
OVERNMENT OFFICE .—The term ‘‘Gov-ernment office’’ means any office of the Fed-eral Government that has possession or con-trol of 1 or more civil rights cold case records. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.009 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10528 December 21, 2018 
(7) G OVERNMENT OFFICIAL .—The term ‘‘Gov-ernment official’’ means any officer or em-ployee of the United States, including elect-ed and appointed officials. (8) N
ATIONAL ARCHIVES .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Archives’’ means the National Ar-chives and Records Administration and all components thereof, including Presidential archival depositories established under sec-tion 2112 of title 44, United States Code. (9) O
FFICIAL INVESTIGATION .—The term ‘‘of-ficial investigation’’ means the review of a civil rights cold case conducted by any enti-ty of the Federal Government either inde-pendently, at the request of any Presidential commission or congressional committee, or at the request of any Government official. (10) O
RIGINATING BODY .—The term ‘‘origi-nating body’’ means the executive agency, Government commission, congressional com-mittee, or other Governmental entity that created a record or particular information within a record. (11) P
UBLIC INTEREST .—The term ‘‘public interest’’ means the compelling interest in the prompt public disclosure of civil rights cold case records for historical and Govern-mental purposes and for the purpose of fully informing the people of the United States about the history surrounding all civil rights cold cases in the United States. (12) R
ECORD .—The term ‘‘record’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3301 of title 44, United States Code. (13) R
EVIEW BOARD .—The term ‘‘Review Board’’ means the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Review Board established under sec-tion 5. 
SEC. 3. CIVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE RECORDS COL-LECTION AT THE NATIONAL AR-CHIVES AND RECORD ADMINISTRA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS  
COLD CASE RECORDS COLLECTION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Archivist shall— (A) commence establishing a collection of civil rights cold case records to be known as the ‘‘Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collec-tion’’ that ensures the physical integrity and original provenance of all records in the Col-lection; (B) commence preparing and publishing the subject guidebook and index to the Col-lection; and (C) establish criteria for Government of-fices to follow when transmitting copies of civil rights cold case records to the Archi-vist, to include required metadata. (2) C
ONTENTS OF COLLECTION .—The Collec-tion shall include— (A) a copy of each civil rights cold case record— (i) that has not been transmitted to the Ar-chivist, which shall be transmitted to the Archivist in accordance with section 2107 of title 44, United States Code, by the entity described in section 2(3)(B) in possession of the civil rights cold case record, except in the case of a State or local government; (ii) that has been transmitted to the Archi-vist or disclosed to the public in an unredacted form before the date of the enact-ment of this Act; (iii) that is required to be transmitted to the Archivist; or (iv) the disclosure of which is postponed under this Act; and (B) all Review Board records, as required under this Act. (b) D
ISCLOSURE OF RECORDS .—All civil rights cold case records transmitted to the Archivist for disclosure to the public— (1) shall be included in the Collection; (2) not later than 60 days after the trans-mission of the record to the Archivist, shall be available to the public for inspection and copying at the National Archives; and (3) shall be prioritized for digitization by the National Archives. (c) FEES FOR COPYING .—The Archivist shall— (1) use efficient electronic means when pos-sible; (2) charge fees for copying civil rights cold case records; and (3) grant waivers of such fees pursuant to the standard established under section 552(a)(4) of title 5, United States Code. (d) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The Archi-vist shall ensure the security of civil rights cold case records in the Collection for which disclosure is postponed. (e) T
RANSMISSION TO THE NATIONAL AR-
CHIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), each Government office shall, in accordance with the criteria established by the Archi-vist under subsection (a)(1)(C)— (A) as soon as is reasonably practicable, and in any event not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, trans-mit to the Archivist, for the Archivist to make available to the public in accordance with subsection (b), a copy of each civil rights cold case record that can be publicly disclosed, including any such record that is publicly available on the date of enactment of this Act, without any redaction, adjust-ment, or withholding under the standards of this Act; and (B) transmit to the Archivist upon ap-proval for postponement by the Review Board or upon completion of other action au-thorized by this Act, a copy of each civil rights cold case record for which public dis-closure has been postponed, in whole or in part, under the standards of this Act, to be-come part of the protected Collection. (2) R
EOPENING OF CASES .—If, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General submits to the Ar-chivist a certification that the Attorney General intends to reopen and pursue pros-ecution of the civil rights cold case to which a civil rights cold case record relates, the At-torney General shall transmit to the Archi-vist the civil rights cold case record in ac-cordance with paragraph (1)— (A) not later than 90 days after— (i) final judgment is entered in the pro-ceedings relating to the civil rights cold case; or (ii) proceedings relating to the civil rights cold case are dismissed with prejudice; or (B) not later than the date that is 1 year after the date on which the Attorney Gen-eral submits to the Archivist the certifi-cation, if an indictment or information has not been filed with respect to the civil rights cold case. (f) P
ERIODIC REVIEW OF POSTPONED CIVIL R
IGHTS COLDCASERECORDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each civil rights cold case record that is redacted or for which public disclosure is postponed shall be reviewed not later than December 31 each year by the en-tity submitting the record and the Archivist, consistent with the recommendations of the Review Board under section 7(c)(3)(B). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS OF PERIODIC REVIEW .— The periodic review under paragraph (1) shall address the public disclosure of additional civil rights cold case records in the Collec-tion under the standards of this Act. (3) U
NCLASSIFIED WRITTEN DESCRIPTION .— Any civil rights cold case record for which postponement of public disclosure is contin-ued shall include an unclassified written de-scription of the reason for such continued postponement, which shall be provided to the Archivist and made available on a publicly accessible website upon the determination to continue the postponement. (4) FULL DISCLOSURE OF CIVIL RIGHTS COLD  
CASE RECORD REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each civil rights cold case record that is not publicly disclosed in full as of the date on which the Review Board terminates under section 5(n) shall be publicly disclosed in full and available in the Collection not later than 25 years after the date of enactment of this Act unless— (i) the head of the originating body, an ex-ecutive agency, or other Government office recommends in writing the exemption of the record or information, the release of which would clearly and demonstrably be expected to— (I) cause identifiable or describable damage to national security, military defense, law enforcement, intelligence operations, or the conduct of foreign relations that is of such gravity that it outweighs the public interest in disclosure; or (II) reveal information described in para-graphs (1) through (9) of section 3.3(b) of Ex-ecutive Order 13526 (75 Fed. Reg. 707; relating to classified national security information); (ii) the written recommendation described in clause (i)— (I) is provided to the Archivist not later than 180 days before the date that is 25 years after the date of enactment of this Act; and (II) includes— (aa) a justification of the recommendation to postpone disclosure; and (bb) a recommended specified time at which or a specified occurrence following which the material may be appropriately disclosed to the public under this Act; and (iii) the Archivist agrees with the written recommendation described in clause (i). (B) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Archivist does not agree with the recommendation de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i), the Archivist shall notify the head of the originating body, executive agency, or other Government of-fice making the recommendation not later than 90 days before the date that is 25 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (g) D
IGITIZATION OF RECORDS .—Each execu-tive agency shall make text searchable docu-ments available to the Review Board pursu-ant to standards established under section 552(a)(3) of title 5, United States Code. (h) N
OTICE REGARDING PUBLIC DISCLO -
SURE .— (1) F
INDING .—Congress finds that the public release of case-related documents and infor-mation without notice may significantly af-fect the victims of the events to which the case relates and their next of kin. (2) N
OTICE .—Not later than 7 days before a civil rights cold case record is publicly dis-closed, the executive agency releasing the civil rights cold case record, in coordination with the Government office that had posses-sion or control of the civil rights cold case record, shall take all reasonable efforts to provide the civil rights cold case record to the victims of the events to which the civil rights cold case record relates, or their next of kin. 
SEC. 4. GROUNDS FOR POSTPONEMENT OF PUB-LIC DISCLOSURE OF RECORDS. 
Disclosure of civil rights cold case records or particular information within a civil rights cold case record to the public may be postponed subject to the limitations of this Act if disclosure would clearly and demon-strably be expected to— (1)(A) cause identifiable or describable damage to national security, military de-fense, law enforcement, intelligence oper-ations, or the conduct of foreign relations that is of such gravity that it outweighs the public interest in disclosure; or (B) reveal information described in para-graphs (1) through (9) of section 3.3(b) of Ex-ecutive Order 13526 (75 Fed. Reg. 707; relating to classified national security information); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.010 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10529 December 21, 2018 
(2)(A) reveal the name or identity of a liv-ing individual who provided confidential in-formation to the United States; and (B) pose a substantial risk of harm to that individual; (3) constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy; (4)(A) compromise the existence of an un-derstanding of confidentiality currently re-quiring protection between a Government agent and a cooperating individual or group; and (B) be so harmful that the understanding of confidentiality outweighs the public inter-est; (5) endanger the life or physical safety of any individual; or (6) interfere with ongoing law enforcement proceedings. 
SEC. 5. ESTABLISHMENT AND POWERS OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE RECORDS REVIEW BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established, as an independent agency, a board to be known as the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Review Board. (b) A
PPOINTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall ap-point, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, 5 individuals to serve as mem-bers of the Review Board, to ensure and fa-cilitate the review, transmission to the Ar-chivist, and public disclosure of civil rights cold case records. (2) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Initial appointments to the Review Board shall, so far as practicable, be made not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—In making ap-pointments to the Review Board, the Presi-dent may consider any individuals rec-ommended by the American Historical Asso-ciation, the Organization of American Histo-rians, the Society of American Archivists, and the American Bar Association. (C) E
XTENSION .—If an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (B) does not rec-ommend at least 2 nominees meeting the qualifications stated in paragraph (3) within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the deadline under subparagraph (A) shall be extended until the earlier of 60 days after the date on which such recommenda-tions are made or 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (D) A
DDITIONAL RECOMMENDATIONS .—The President may request that any organization described in subparagraph (B) submit addi-tional recommended nominees. (3) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Individuals nomi-nated to the Review Board shall— (A) not have had any previous involvement with any official investigation or inquiry conducted by the Federal Government, or any State or local government, relating to any civil rights cold case; (B) be distinguished individuals of high na-tional professional reputation in their re-spective fields who are capable of exercising the independent and objective judgment nec-essary to fulfill their role in ensuring and fa-cilitating the review, transmission to the public, and public disclosure of files related to civil rights cold cases and who possess an appreciation of the value of such material to the public, scholars, and government; and (C) include at least 1 professional historian and 1 attorney. (c) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—All Review Board nominees shall be processed for the necessary security clearances in an acceler-ated manner by the appropriate Federal agencies and subject to the standard proce-dures for granting such clearances. (d) V
ACANCY .—A vacancy on the Review Board shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment within 60 days of the occurrence of the vacancy. (e) CHAIRPERSON .—The members of the Re-view Board shall elect 1 of the members as chairperson. (f) R
EMOVAL OF REVIEW BOARD MEMBER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No member of the Review Board shall be removed from office, other than— (A) by impeachment and conviction; or (B) by the action of the President for inef-ficiency, neglect of duty, malfeasance in of-fice, physical disability, mental incapacity, or any other condition that substantially impairs the performance of the member’s du-ties. (2) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If a member of the Re-view Board is removed from office, and that removal is by the President, not later than 10 days after the removal, the President shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report specifying the facts found and the grounds for the removal. (B) P
UBLICATION .—The President shall pub-lish in the Federal Register a report sub-mitted under subparagraph (A), except that the President may, if necessary to protect the rights of a person named in the report or to prevent undue interference with any pend-ing prosecution, postpone or refrain from publishing any or all of the report until the completion of such pending cases or pursu-ant to privacy protection requirements in law. (3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Review Board removed from office may obtain judi-cial review of the removal in a civil action commenced in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. (B) R
ELIEF .—The member may be rein-stated or granted other appropriate relief by order of the court. (g) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Review Board shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Exec-utive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is en-gaged in the performance of the duties of the Review Board. (2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Review Board shall be allowed reasonable travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates for employees of agen-cies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the member’s home or regular place of business in the performance of services for the Review Board. (h) D
UTIES OF THE REVIEW BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board shall consider and render decisions on a deter-mination by a Government office to seek to postpone the disclosure of civil rights cold case records. (2) D
ECISIONS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Review Board shall consider and render decisions on— (A) whether a record constitutes a civil rights cold case record; and (B) whether a civil rights cold case record or particular information in a record quali-fies for postponement of disclosure under this Act. (i) P
OWERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board shall have the authority to act in a manner pre-scribed under this Act including the author-ity to— (A) obtain access to civil rights cold case records that have been identified and orga-nized by a Government office; (B) direct a Government office to make available to the Review Board, and if nec-essary investigate the facts surrounding, ad-ditional information, records, or testimony from individuals, which the Review Board has reason to believe is required to fulfill its functions and responsibilities under this Act; (C) subpoena private persons to compel the production of documents and other records relevant to its responsibilities under this Act; (D) require any Government office to ac-count in writing for the destruction of any records relating to civil rights cold cases; (E) receive information from the public re-garding the identification and public disclo-sure of civil rights cold case records; and (F) hold hearings, administer oaths, and subpoena documents and other records. (2) ENFORCEMENT OF SUBPOENAS .—Any sub- poena issued under this subsection may be enforced by any appropriate Federal court acting pursuant to a lawful request of the Review Board. (j) W
ITNESS IMMUNITY .—The Review Board shall be considered to be an agency of the United States for purposes of chapter 601 of title 18, United States Code. (k) O
VERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate shall have continuing oversight jurisdiction with respect to the of-ficial conduct of the Review Board and the disposition of postponed records after termi-nation of the Review Board, and shall have access to any records held or created by the Review Board. (2) C
OOPERATION OF REVIEW BOARD .—The Review Board shall have a duty to cooperate with the exercise of the oversight jurisdic-tion described in paragraph (1). (l) S
UPPORT SERVICES .—The Administrator of General Services shall provide administra-tive services for the Review Board on a reim-bursable basis. (m) I
NTERPRETIVE REGULATIONS .—The Re- view Board may issue interpretive regula-tions. (n) T
ERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board shall terminate not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, except that the Review Board may, by majority vote, ex-tend its term for an additional 1-year period if the Review Board has not completed its work within that 4-year period. (2) R
EPORTS .—Before its termination, the Review Board shall submit reports to the President and the Congress, including a com-plete and accurate accounting of expendi-tures during its existence, and shall com-plete all other reporting requirements under this Act. (3) T
RANSFER OF RECORDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon termination, the Review Board shall transfer all of its records to the Archivist for inclusion in the Collec-tion. (B) P
RESERVATION OF RECORDS .—The records of the Review Board shall not be de-stroyed, except that the Archivist may de-stroy routine administrative records covered by a general records schedule following noti-fication in the Federal Register and after considering comments. 
SEC. 6. REVIEW BOARD PERSONNEL. 
(a) C HIEF OF STAFF .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 45 days after the initial meeting of the Review 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.010 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10530 December 21, 2018 
Board, and without regard to political affili-ation, the Review Board shall appoint an in-dividual to the position of Chief of Staff of the Review Board. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The individual ap-pointed as Chief of Staff— (A) shall be a citizen of the United States of integrity and impartiality who is a distin-guished professional; and (B) shall have had no previous involvement with any official investigation or inquiry re-lating to civil rights cold cases. (3) C
ANDIDATE TO HAVE CLEARANCES .—A candidate for Chief of Staff shall be granted the necessary security clearances in an ac-celerated manner subject to the standard procedures for granting such clearances. (4) A
PPROVAL CONTINGENT ON PRIOR CLEAR -
ANCE .—A candidate for Chief of Staff shall qualify for the necessary security clearance prior to being appointed by the Review Board. (5) D
UTIES .—The Chief of Staff shall— (A) serve as principal liaison to Govern-ment offices; (B) be responsible for the administration and coordination of the Review Board’s re-view of records; (C) be responsible for the administration of all official activities conducted by the Re-view Board; and (D) have no authority to decide or deter-mine whether any record shall be disclosed to the public or postponed for disclosure. (6) R
EMOVAL .—The Chief of Staff shall not be removed except upon a majority vote of the Review Board to remove the Chief of Staff for cause on the grounds of ineffi-ciency, neglect of duty, malfeasance in of-fice, physical disability, mental incapacity, or any other condition that substantially impairs the performance of the responsibil-ities of the Chief of Staff or the employees of the Review Board. (b) S
TAFF .— (1) A
DDITIONAL PERSONNEL .—The Review Board may, in accordance with the civil service laws but without regard to civil serv-ice laws and regulations for appointments in the competitive service under subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, appoint and terminate additional employees as are necessary to enable the Review Board and its Chief of Staff to perform their duties. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An individual ap-pointed as an employee of the Review Board— (A) shall be a private citizen of integrity and impartiality; and (B) shall have had no previous involvement with any official investigation or inquiry re-lating to civil rights cold cases. (3) N
OMINATIONS .—Before making an ap-pointment pursuant to paragraph (1), the Re-view Board shall consider individuals rec-ommended by the American Historical Asso-ciation, the Organization of American Histo-rians, the Society of American Archivists, and the American Bar Association. (4) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—A candidate shall qualify for the necessary security clearance prior to being appointed by the Re-view Board. (c) C
OMPENSATION .—The Review Board shall fix the compensation of the Chief of Staff and other employees in accordance with title 5, United States Code, except that the rate of pay for the Chief of Staff and other employees may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5316 of that title. (d) A
DVISORY COMMITTEES .—The Review Board may create advisory committees to assist in fulfilling the responsibilities of the Review Board under this Act. SEC. 7. REVIEW OF RECORDS BY THE REVIEW BOARD. 
(a) C USTODY OF RECORDS REVIEWED BY THE  B
OARD .—Pending the outcome of the Review Board’s review activity, a Government office shall retain custody of a civil rights cold case record for purposes of preservation, se-curity, and efficiency, unless— (1) the Review Board requires the physical transfer of records for reasons of conducting an independent and impartial review; or (2) such transfer is necessary for an admin-istrative hearing or other official Review Board function. (b) S
TARTUP REQUIREMENTS .—The Review Board shall— (1) not later than 90 days after the date on which all members of the Review Board are appointed, publish a schedule for review of all civil rights cold case records in the Fed-eral Register; and (2) not later than 180 days after the enact-ment of this Act, begin its review of civil rights cold case records under this Act. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF THE REVIEW BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board shall direct that copies of all civil rights cold case records be transmitted to the Archivist and disclosed to the public in the Collection in the absence of clear and convincing evidence that— (A) a Government record is not a civil rights cold case record; or (B) a Government record or particular in-formation within a civil rights cold case record qualifies for postponement of public disclosure under this Act, which shall in-clude consideration by the Review Board of relevant laws and policies protecting crimi-nal records of juveniles. (2) P
OSTPONEMENT .—In approving postpone-ment of public disclosure of a civil rights cold case record, the Review Board shall work to— (A) provide for the disclosure of segregable parts, substitutes, or summaries of such a record; and (B) determine, in consultation with the originating body and consistent with the standards for postponement under this Act, which of the following alternative forms of disclosure shall be made by the originating body: (i) Any reasonably segregable particular information in a civil rights cold case record. (ii) A substitute record for that informa-tion which is postponed. (iii) A summary of a civil rights cold case record. (3) R
EPORT .—With respect to each civil rights cold case record or particular infor-mation in civil rights cold case records the public disclosure of which is postponed under section 4, or for which only substitutions or summaries have been disclosed to the public, the Review Board shall create and transmit to the Archivist a report containing— (A) a description of actions by the Review Board, the originating body, the President, or any Government office (including a jus-tification of any such action to postpone dis-closure of any record or part of any record) and of any official proceedings conducted by the Review Board with regard to specific civil rights cold case records; and (B) a statement, based on a review of the proceedings and in conformity with the deci-sions reflected therein, designating a rec-ommended specified time at which or a spec-ified occurrence following which the mate-rial may be appropriately disclosed to the public under this Act. (4) N
OTICE .—Not later than 14 days after the Review Board makes a determination that a civil rights cold case record shall be publicly disclosed in the Collection or post-poned for disclosure and held in the pro-tected Collection, the Review Board shall no-tify the head of the originating body of its determination and publish a copy of the de-termination in the Federal Register. (5) OTHER NOTICE .—Contemporaneous no-tice shall be made to the President of Review Board determinations regarding executive branch civil rights cold case records, and to the oversight committees designated in this Act in the case of legislative branch records. Such notice shall contain an unclassified written justification for public disclosure or postponement of disclosure, including an ex-planation of the application of any standards under section 4. (d) P
RESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY OVERREVIEW  B
OARD DETERMINATION .— (1) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OR POSTPONEMENT OF  
DISCLOSURE .—After the Review Board has made a formal determination concerning the public disclosure or postponement of disclo-sure of an executive branch civil rights cold case record or information contained in a civil rights cold case record, obtained or de-veloped solely within the executive branch, the President shall have the sole and non-delegable authority to require the disclosure or postponement of such record or informa-tion under the standards set forth in section 4, and the President shall provide the Review Board with an unclassified written certifi-cation specifying the President’s decision within 30 days after the Review Board’s de-termination and notice to the executive agency as required under this Act, stating the justification for the President’s decision, including the applicable grounds for post-ponement under section 4. (2) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—Any executive branch civil rights cold case record for which public disclosure is postponed by the Presi-dent shall be subject to the requirements of periodic review and declassification of classi-fied information and public disclosure in the Collection set forth in section 3. (3) R
ECORD OF PRESIDENTIAL POSTPONE -
MENT .—The Review Board shall, upon its re-ceipt, publish in the Federal Register a copy of any unclassified written certification, statement, or other materials transmitted by or on behalf of the President with regard to postponement of the public disclosure of civil rights cold case records. (e) N
OTICE TO THE PUBLIC .—On each day that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Review Board first approves the postponement of disclosure of a civil rights cold case record, the Review Board shall pub-lish on a publicly available website a notice that summarizes the postponements ap-proved by the Review Board or initiated by the President, including a description of the subject, originating body, length or other physical description, and each ground for postponement that is relied upon. (f) R
EPORTS BY THE REVIEW BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board shall report its activities to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, the Majority Leader of the Senate, the Minority Leader of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the President, the Archi-vist, and the head of any Government office whose records have been the subject of Re-view Board activity. (2) D
EADLINES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter until termination of the Re-view Board, the Review Board shall issue a report under paragraph (1). (3) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include the following informa-tion: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.010 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10531 December 21, 2018 
(A) A financial report of the expenses for all official activities and requirements of the Review Board and its employees. (B) The progress made on review, trans-mission to the Archivist, and public disclo-sure of civil rights cold case records. (C) The estimated time and volume of civil rights cold case records involved in the com-pletion of the Review Board’s performance under this Act. (D) Any special problems, including re-quests and the level of cooperation of Gov-ernment offices, with regard to the ability of the Review Board to operate as required by this Act. (E) A record of review activities, including a record of postponement decisions by the Review Board or other related actions au-thorized by this Act, and a record of the vol-ume of records reviewed and postponed. (F) Recommendations and requests to Con-gress for additional authorization. (G) An appendix containing copies of re-ports of postponed records to the Archivist required under subsection (c)(3) made since the date of the preceding report under this subsection. (4) N
OTICE OF TERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days before terminating, the Review Board shall provide written notice to the President and the Congress of its intention to terminate its operations at a specified date. 
SEC. 8. DISCLOSURE OF OTHER INFORMATION AND ADDITIONAL STUDY. 
(a) M ATERIALS UNDER THE SEAL OF THE  C
OURT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board may re-quest the Attorney General to petition any court in the United States or abroad to re-lease any information relevant to civil rights cold cases that is held under seal of court. (2) G
RAND JURY MATERIALS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board may request the Attorney General to petition any court in the United States to release any in-formation relevant to civil rights cold cases that is held under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury. (B) P
ARTICULARIZED NEED .—A request for disclosure of civil rights cold case records under this Act shall be deemed to constitute a showing of particularized need under rule 6 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. (3) D
EADLINE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall respond to any request that is subject to this subsection within 45 days. (B) N
ONDISCLOSURE OF GRAND JURY INFOR -
MATION .—If the Attorney General determines that information relevant to a civil rights cold case that is held under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury should not be made public, the Attorney General shall set forth in the response to the request the reasons for the determination. (b) C
OOPERATION WITHAGENCIES .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Attorney General should assist the Review Board in good faith to unseal any records that the Review Board determines to be relevant and held under the seal by a court or under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury; and (2) all departments and agencies of the United States Government should cooperate in full with the Review Board to seek the disclosure of all information relevant to civil rights cold cases consistent with the public interest. 
SEC. 9. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) P RECEDENCE OVEROTHER LAW.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), when this Act requires transmission of a record to the Archivist or public disclosure, it shall take precedence over any other law (except section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), judicial decisions construing such law, or common law doctrine that would otherwise prohibit such transmission or disclosure with the exception of deeds governing access to or transfer or release of gifts and donations of records to the United States Government. (2) PERSONNEL AND MEDICAL FILES .—This Act shall not require the public disclosure of information that is exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(6) of title 5, United States Code. (b) F
REEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—Noth- ing in this Act shall be construed to elimi-nate or limit any right to file any requests with any executive agency or seek judicial review of the decisions under section 552 of title 5, United States Code. (c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to preclude judicial re-view, under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, of final actions taken or re-quired to be taken under this Act. (d) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this Act revokes or limits the existing authority of the President, any executive agency, the Senate, the House of Representatives, or any other entity of the Government to publicly disclose records in its possession. 
SEC. 10. FUNDING. 
Until such time as funds are appropriated to carry out this Act, the President shall use such sums as are available for discretionary use to carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act of 2018 would ensure the integrity of records of civil rights cold cases and ultimately allow public access to them. This im-portant legislation has bipartisan sup-port. I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support S. 3191, the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collec-tion Act, which represents an impor-tant step toward finally solving more than 100 unresolved court cases in the civil rights field. The bill will establish a new civil rights cold case records collection and review board, so the public can review records related to these unsolved cases, with appropriate security and privacy safeguards. The bill will allow the expertise of outside investigators to help bring jus-tice to the families and descendants and victims of these crimes. The bill also will provide a role for Congress in the appointments to this review board, to ensure proper exper-tise and accountability in the process. It is imperative that Congress appro-priate sufficient funding to the Na-tional Archives and other agencies to carry out the important mission of this legislation. I urge all Members to sup-port this bill and future funding meas-ures for this endeavor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of S. 3191, the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act of 2018. I was de-lighted when Senator Jones introduced com-panion legislation to my bill, H.R. 1272, and I am even more excited to see that his bill has passed the Senate by unanimous consent and is now before the House. Mr. Speaker, with the passage of this legis-lation, families and communities that have waited too long for answers about the loss of loved ones during the tumultuous Civil Rights Era may finally have the chance for closure. Mr. Speaker, this bill came to fruition be-cause of the hard work of a group of students from Hightstown High School in New Jersey and their teacher, Mr. Stuart Wexler. These dedicated students learned firsthand the legis-lative process, from drafting to markup, to where we stand today, floor passage. I thank them for their dedication to this cause and ap-plaud them for their diligence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3191. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 33 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b0945 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 9 o’clock and 45 minutes a.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.010 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10532 December 21, 2018 
Votes will be taken in the following order: H. Res. 1063, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 7318, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 7319, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 7329, by the yeas and nays; S. 3367, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 7293, by the yeas and nays; Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 4174, by the yeas and nays; S. 2276, by the yeas and nays; S. 3031, by the yeas and nays; and S. 3191, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 2- minute votes. 
f 
LINCOLN ROOM DESIGNATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 1063) desig-nating room H–226 of the United States Capitol as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 366, nays 0, not voting 66, as follows: 
[Roll No. 474] YEAS—366 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—66 
Babin Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Butterfield Capuano Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) Clay Coffman Comstock Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Engel Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Joyce (OH) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Messer Nadler Newhouse Noem Nolan Pelosi Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Visclosky Walz (vote results) b1012 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 474. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 474. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 474. 
f 
AMENDING FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 TO ENSURE ADEQUATE TIME FOR PUBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7318) to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure that the Public Buildings Re-form Board has adequate time to carry out the responsibilities of the Board, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 372, nays 2, not voting 58, as follows: 
[Roll No. 475] YEAS—372 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.025 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10533 December 21, 2018 
Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Cohen Massie NOT VOTING—58 
Barr Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Capuano Clarke (NY) Clay Collins (GA) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Engel Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Huffman Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Newhouse Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Reed Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Visclosky Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1017 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AMENDING FEDERAL ASSETS SALE AND TRANSFER ACT OF 2016 WITH RESPECT TO LEASE-BACK OF CERTAIN FEDERAL PROPERTY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7319) to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide flexibility with respect to the leaseback of certain Federal real prop-erty, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 372, nays 1, not voting 59, as follows: 
[Roll No. 476] YEAS—372 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.016 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10534 December 21, 2018 
Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Cohen 
NOT VOTING—59 
Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Capuano Clarke (NY) Clay Coffman Collins (GA) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Foster Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Napolitano Newhouse Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Veasey Visclosky Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1020 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 474, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 475 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 476. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, on Decem-ber 21, 2018, I was absent from the House and missed rollcall votes 474, 475, and 476. Had I been present for rollcall 474, on Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H. Res. 1063, Designating room H–226 of the United States Capitol as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 475, on Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 7318, To amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure that the Public Buildings Reform Board has adequate time to carry out the responsibilities of the Board, and for other purposes, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ Had I been present for rollcall 476, on Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 7319, To amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide flexibility with respect to the leaseback of certain Federal real property, and for other purposes, I would have voted ‘‘Yes.’’ 
f 
MAKING TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO FRANK LoBIONDO COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7329) to make technical cor-rections to provisions of law enacted by the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 378, nays 2, not voting 52, as follows: 
[Roll No. 477] YEAS—378 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Brooks (AL) Cohen 
NOT VOTING—52 
Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Budd Capuano Clay Collins (GA) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Newhouse Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Royce (CA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1024 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPOR-TATION REPORTS HARMONI-ZATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3367) to amend certain transpor-tation-related reporting requirements 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.017 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10535 December 21, 2018 
to improve congressional oversight, re-duce reporting burdens, and promote transparency, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 381, nays 2, not voting 49, as follows: 
[Roll No. 478] YEAS—381 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Brooks (AL) Cohen 
NOT VOTING—49 
Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Capuano Clay Collins (GA) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Goodlatte Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Hultgren Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1027 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LOUISE AND BOB SLAUGHTER POST OFFICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7293) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, as the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 375, nays 6, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 49, as follows: 
[Roll No. 479] YEAS—375 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.033 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10536 December 21, 2018 
Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—6 
Harris Hice, Jody B. Johnson (LA) Massie Rothfus Yoho 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Grothman Sanford 
NOT VOTING—49 
Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Capuano Clay Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Goodlatte Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Walz Webster (FL) Young (AK) 
b1032 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GOOD ACCOUNTING OBLIGATION IN GOVERNMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2276) to require agencies to sub-mit reports on outstanding rec-ommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 382, nays 2, not voting 48, as follows: 
[Roll No. 480] YEAS—382 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Biggs Brooks (AL) 
NOT VOTING—48 
Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Capuano Clay Collins (GA) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Goodlatte Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Walz Webster (FL) 
b1036 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FEDERAL PERSONAL PROPERTY MANAGEMENT ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3031) to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal personal prop-erty, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.022 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10537 December 21, 2018 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 383, nays 1, not voting 48, as follows: 
[Roll No. 481] YEAS—383 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Brooks (AL) 
NOT VOTING—48 
Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Capuano Clay Collins (GA) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Fortenberry Goodlatte Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Walz Webster (FL) 
b1039 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CIVIL RIGHTS COLD CASE RECORDS COLLECTION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3191) to provide for the expedi-tious disclosure of records related to civil rights cold cases, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 376, nays 6, not voting 50, as follows: 
[Roll No. 482] YEAS—376 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 16:30 Mar 07, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\DECEMBER\H21DE8.REC H21DE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10538 December 21, 2018 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—6 
Amash Davidson Gohmert Gosar Harris Massie 
NOT VOTING—50 
Black Blackburn Blum Brady (PA) Capuano Collins (GA) Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Denham Ellison Foxx Goodlatte Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Morelle Noem Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Sarbanes Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (MS) Trott Walz Webster (FL) 
b1043 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. MORELLE. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed the vote on S. 3191, the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act, on Friday, December 21, 2018. I had intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 482. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 475, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 476, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 477, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 478, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 479, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 480, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 481, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 482. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, due to unavoidable circumstances, I was physically absent from the House of Representatives on December 21, 2018. On that day, I missed 9 recorded votes. I submit for the RECORD how I would have voted had I been present for those votes. On Roll Call No. 474 on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 1063, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 475 on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 7318, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 476 on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 7319, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 477 on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 7329, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 478 on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, S. 3367, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 479 on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, H.R. 7293, had I been present, would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 480 on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, S. 2276, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye’’ On Roll Call No. 481 on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, S. 3031, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ On Roll Call No. 482 on the Motion to Sus-pend the Rules and Pass, S. 3191, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF WORLD WAR II COMMEMORATION ACT Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3661) to provide for a program of the Department of Defense to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3661 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘75th Anni-versary of World War II Commemoration Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM TO COMMEMORATE 75TH ANNI-VERSARY OF WORLD WAR II. 
(a) C OMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Secretary of Defense shall con-duct a program to commemorate the 75th an-niversary of World War II. In conducting the commemorative program, the Secretary shall support and facilitate other programs and activities of the Federal Government, State and local governments, and not-for- profit organizations in commemoration of the 75th anniversary of World War II. The Secretary shall conduct the commemorative program in accordance with applicable De-partment of Defense policy and using re-sources available to the Secretary, including amounts in the Fund under subsection (d). (b) C
OMMEMORATIVE ACTIVITIES AND OBJEC-
TIVES .—The commemorative program may include activities and ceremonies to achieve the following objectives: (1) To thank and honor veterans of World War II, including personnel who were held as prisoners of war or listed as missing in ac-tion, for their service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States and to thank and honor the families of these veterans. (2) To educate the public about the history of World War II and highlight the service of the Armed Forces during World War II and the contributions of Federal agencies and governmental and nongovernmental organi-zations that served with, or in support of, the Armed Forces. (3) To pay tribute to the contributions made on the home front by the people of the United States during World War II. (4) To recognize the contributions and sac-rifices made by the allies of the United States during World War II. (5) To remember the Holocaust, the annihi-lation of 6,000,000 Jews by the Nazi regime, and to pay tribute to the Allied troops who liberated Nazi concentration camps during World War II. (c) NAMES AND SYMBOLS .—The Secretary of Defense shall have the sole and exclusive right to use the name ‘‘The United States of America 75th Anniversary of World War II Commemoration’’, and such seal, emblems, and badges incorporating such name as the Secretary may lawfully adopt. Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede rights that are established or vested before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) C
OMMEMORATIVE FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT AND ADMINISTRATION .— Upon the Secretary establishing the com-memorative program under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury shall establish in the Treasury of the United States an ac-count to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense World War II Commemoration Fund’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’). The Fund shall be administered by the Secretary of Defense. (2) U
SE OF FUND .—The Secretary of Defense shall use the assets of the Fund only for the purpose of conducting the commemorative program and providing grants to State and local governments and not-for-profit organi-zations for commemorative activities, and shall prescribe such regulations regarding the use of the Fund as the Secretary con-siders to be necessary. (3) D
EPOSITS .—The following shall be de-posited into the Fund: (A) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (B) Proceeds derived from the Secretary’s use of the exclusive rights described in sub-section (c). (C) Donations made in support of the com-memorative program by private and cor-porate donors. (D) Funds transferred to the Fund by the Secretary from funds appropriated for fiscal year 2019 and subsequent years for the De-partment of Defense. (4) A
VAILABILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (g)(2) and except as provided in subparagraph (B), amounts deposited under paragraph (3) shall constitute the assets of the Fund and remain available until expended. (B) E
XCEPTION .—Amounts transferred to the Fund under paragraph (3)(D) from amounts appropriated for fiscal year 2019 may be obligated only during fiscal year 2019. (5) B
UDGET REQUEST .—The Secretary of De-fense may establish a separate budget line for the commemorative program. In the budget justification materials submitted by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for any fiscal year for which the Secretary establishes the separate budget line, the Secretary shall— (A) identify and explain any amounts ex-pended for the commemorative program in the fiscal year preceding the budget request; (B) identify and explain the amounts being requested to support the commemorative program for the fiscal year of the budget re-quest; and (C) present a summary of the fiscal status of the Fund. (e) A
CCEPTANCE OF VOLUNTARY SERVICES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.025 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10539 December 21, 2018 
(1) A UTHORITY TO ACCEPT SERVICES .—Not- withstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may accept from any person voluntary services to be provided in furtherance of the commemo-rative program. The Secretary of Defense shall prohibit the solicitation of any vol-untary services if the nature or cir-cumstances of such solicitation would com-promise the integrity or the appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of Defense or of any individual involved in the program. (2) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF INCIDENTAL EX -
PENSES .—The Secretary may provide for re-imbursement of incidental expenses incurred by a person providing voluntary services under this subsection. The Secretary shall determine which expenses are eligible for re-imbursement under this paragraph. (f) C
ONSULTATION WITHDIRECTOR OF THE  U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MU-
SEUM .—In designing the commemorative pro-gram conducted under this section, the Sec-retary of Defense shall consult with the Di-rector of the United States Holocaust Memo-rial Museum. (g) F
INAL REPORT .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the end of the commemorative program established by the Secretary of De-fense under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing an accounting of— (A) all of the funds deposited into and ex-pended from the Fund; (B) any other funds expended under this section; and (C) any unobligated funds remaining in the Fund. (2) T
REATMENT OF UNOBLIGATED FUNDS .— Unobligated amounts remaining in the Fund as of the end of the commemorative period shall be held in the Fund until transferred by law. (h) L
IMITATION ON EXPENDITURES .—Total expenditures from the Fund, using amounts appropriated to the Department of Defense, may not exceed $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 or for any subsequent fiscal year to carry out the commemorative program. (i) S
UNSET .— (1) C
OMMEMORATIVE PROGRAM .—The com-memorative program shall terminate on De-cember 31, 2021. (2) F
UND.—The Fund shall terminate 60 days after the termination of the commemo-rative program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert in the R
ECORD extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill is going to ensure that the Federal Gov-ernment plays a constructive role in helping to celebrate the 75th anniver-sary of the Allied victory in Europe and over Japan. In 2020, we expect a number of events and activities, in-cluding a flyover of The National Mall, to honor the sacrifices made by many to preserve the freedoms that we con-tinue to enjoy today. The planning for these efforts is al-ready underway, and having the Con-gress recognize the importance of these activities not only will send a message to the rest of the Federal Government, but, more importantly, to our veterans who have given everything to maintain our freedom. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of this legislation to establish a com-memorative program to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II in Europe. This was fundamentally a war for freedom and human rights. The victory of the Allies in the war and the con-tributions of America’s Armed Forces must never be forgotten. That is why commemorating this anniversary should be done in an extraordinary way. Commemorating this critical event in history will also allow us to recog-nize our World War II veterans who are still living. We must listen and learn from their stories while we are still able. I fear that knowledge of history is continuing to decline in our Nation. We must do all we can to make sure Amer-icans never forget the lessons of World War II and all the sacrifices that were made to preserve freedom in the world. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill so we can preserve the memory of the American effort in World War II. I want to thank Mr. GRAVES for in-troducing this legislation, which is very important for remembering World War II and commemorating it on its 75th anniversary. I thank him for his work. I wish him a merry Christmas and look forward to working with him next Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank the gentleman for all his hard work on this. This is an easy bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. G
RAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3661, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
FREDERICK DOUGLASS TRAF-FICKING VICTIMS PREVENTION AND PROTECTION REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2200) to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Frederick Doug-lass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protec-tion Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS IN THE UNITED STATES Subtitle A—Programs to Support Victims and Persons Vulnerable to Human Trafficking Sec. 101. Grants to assist in the recognition of trafficking. Sec. 102. Preventing future trafficking in the United States through receipt of complaints abroad. Sec. 103. Modification to grants for victims services. Subtitle B—Governmental Efforts to Prevent Human Trafficking Sec. 111. Required training to prevent human trafficking for certain contracting air carriers. Sec. 112. Ensuring United States procurement does not fund human trafficking. Sec. 113. Training course on human trafficking and government contracting. Sec. 114. Modifications to the Advisory Council on Human Trafficking. Sec. 115. Sense of Congress on the Senior Policy Operating Group. Sec. 116. Best practices to prevent forced child labor trafficking. Subtitle C—Preventing Trafficking in Persons in the United States Sec. 121. Demand reduction strategies in the United States. Sec. 122. Designation of a labor prosecutor to enhance State and local efforts to combat trafficking in persons. Sec. 123. Preventing human trafficking in for-eign missions and diplomatic households. Sec. 124. Actions against significant traffickers in persons. Subtitle D—Monitoring Child, Forced, and Slave Labor Sec. 131. Sense of Congress. Sec. 132. Report on the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930. Sec. 133. Modification to list of child-made and slavery-made goods. TITLE II—FIGHTING HUMAN TRAFFICKING ABROAD Subtitle A—Efforts to Combat Trafficking Sec. 201. Including the Secretary of the Treas-ury and the United States Trade Representative as a member of the Interagency Task Force to Mon-itor and Combat Trafficking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.029 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10540 December 21, 2018 
Sec. 202. Encouraging countries to maintain and share data on human traf-ficking efforts. Sec. 203. Appropriate listing of governments in-volved in human trafficking. Sec. 204. Requirements for strategies to prevent trafficking. Sec. 205. Briefing on countries with primarily migrant workforces. Sec. 206. Report on recipients of funding from the United States Agency for International Development. Subtitle B—Child Soldier Prevention Act of 2018 Sec. 211. Findings. Sec. 212. Amendments to the Child Soldiers Pre-vention Act of 2008. TITLE III—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Sec. 302. Authorization of appropriations under the International Megan’s Law. Sec. 303. Authorization of appropriations for airport personnel training to iden-tify and report human trafficking victims. TITLE I—COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS IN THE UNITED STATES Subtitle A—Programs to Support Victims and Persons Vulnerable to Human Trafficking 
SEC. 101. GRANTS TO ASSIST IN THE RECOGNI-TION OF TRAFFICKING. 
(a) G RANTS TO ASSIST IN RECOGNITION OF  T
RAFFICKING .—Section 106(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The President’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) G
RANTS TO ASSIST IN THE RECOGNITION OF  
TRAFFICKING .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) ESEA 
TERMS .—The terms ‘elementary school’, ‘local educational agency’, ‘other staff’, and ‘secondary school’ have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(ii) H
IGH-INTENSITY CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING  
AREA.—The term ‘high-intensity child sex traf-ficking area’ means a metropolitan area des-ignated by the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as having a high rate of children involved in sex trafficking. ‘‘(iii) L
ABOR TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘labor trafficking’ means conduct described in section 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(B)). ‘‘(iv) S
CHOOL STAFF .—The term ‘school staff’ means teachers, nurses, school leaders and ad-ministrators, and other staff at elementary schools and secondary schools. ‘‘(v) S
EX TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘sex traf-ficking’ means the conduct described in section 103(9)(A) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(A)). ‘‘(B) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Secretary of Education and the Secretary of Labor, may award grants to local educational agencies, in partnership with a nonprofit, non-governmental agency, to establish, expand, and support programs— ‘‘(i) to educate school staff to recognize and respond to signs of labor trafficking and sex trafficking; and ‘‘(ii) to provide age-appropriate information to students on how to avoid becoming victims of labor trafficking and sex trafficking. ‘‘(C) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—Amounts awarded under this paragraph shall be used for— ‘‘(i) education regarding— ‘‘(I) avoiding becoming victims of labor traf-ficking and sex trafficking; ‘‘(II) indicators that an individual is a victim or potential victim of labor trafficking or sex trafficking; ‘‘(III) options and procedures for referring such an individual, as appropriate, to informa-tion on such trafficking and services available for victims of such trafficking; ‘‘(IV) reporting requirements and procedures in accordance with applicable Federal and State law; and ‘‘(V) how to carry out activities authorized under subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) a plan, developed and implemented in consultation with local law enforcement agen-cies, to ensure the safety of school staff and stu-dents reporting such trafficking. ‘‘(D) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this paragraph, the Secretary shall give priority to local educational agencies serving a high-in-tensity child sex trafficking area.’’. (b) I
NCLUSION IN AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO-
PRIATIONS .—Section 113(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7110(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 107(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 106(b) and 107(b)’’. 
SEC. 102. PREVENTING FUTURE TRAFFICKING IN THE UNITED STATES THROUGH RE-CEIPT OF COMPLAINTS ABROAD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall ensure that each diplomatic or consular post or other mission designates an employee to be re-sponsible for receiving information from— (1) any person who was a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons (as such term is defined in section 103(14) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(14))) while present in the United States; or (2) any person who has information regarding a victim described in paragraph (1). (b) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Any infor-mation received pursuant to subsection (a) shall be transmitted to the Department of Justice, the Department of Labor, the Department of Home-land Security, and to any other relevant Fed-eral agency for appropriate response. The Attor-ney General, the Secretary of Labor, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and the head of any other such relevant Federal agency shall establish a process to address any actions to be taken in response to such information. (c) A
SSISTANCE FROM FOREIGN GOVERN -
MENTS .—The employee designated for receiving information pursuant to subsection (a) should coordinate with foreign governments or civil so-ciety organizations in the countries of origin of victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons, with the permission of and without compro-mising the safety of such victims, to ensure that such victims receive any additional support available. 
SEC. 103. MODIFICATION TO GRANTS FOR VIC-TIMS SERVICES. 
Section 107(b)(2)(A) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘programs for’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘pro-grams for victims of human trafficking, includ-ing programs that provide trauma-informed care or housing options to such victims who are— ‘‘(i)(I) between 12 and 24 years of age; and ‘‘(II) homeless, in foster care, or involved in the criminal justice system; ‘‘(ii) transitioning out of the foster care sys-tem; or ‘‘(iii) women or girls in underserved popu-lations.’’. Subtitle B—Governmental Efforts to Prevent Human Trafficking 
SEC. 111. REQUIRED TRAINING TO PREVENT HUMAN TRAFFICKING FOR CERTAIN CONTRACTING AIR CARRIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40118 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) T
RAINING REQUIREMENTS .—The Adminis-trator of General Services shall ensure that any contract entered into for provision of air trans-portation with a domestic carrier under this sec-tion requires that the contracting air carrier submits to the Administrator of General Serv-ices, the Secretary of Transportation, the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration, the Secretary of Labor and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection an annual report regarding— ‘‘(1) the number of personnel trained in the detection and reporting of potential human traf-ficking (as described in paragraphs (9) and (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)), including the training required under section 44734(a)(4); ‘‘(2) the number of notifications of potential human trafficking victims received from staff or other passengers; and ‘‘(3) whether the air carrier notified the Na-tional Human Trafficking Hotline or law en-forcement at the relevant airport of the poten-tial human trafficking victim for each such noti-fication of potential human trafficking, and if so, when the notification was made.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any contract en-tered into after the date of enactment of this Act except for contracts entered into by the Sec-retary of Defense. 
SEC. 112. ENSURING UNITED STATES PROCURE-MENT DOES NOT FUND HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 106 of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) A
GENCY ACTION TOPREVENT FUNDING OF  H
UMAN TRAFFICKING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—At the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Labor, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall each submit a report to the Admin-istrator of General Services that includes— ‘‘(A) the name and contact information of the individual within the agency’s Office of Legal Counsel or Office of Acquisition Policy who is responsible for overseeing the implementation of— ‘‘(i) subsection (g); ‘‘(ii) title XVII of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 7104a et seq.); and ‘‘(iii) any regulation in the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation (48 C.F.R. 1 et seq.) that is re-lated to any subject matter referred to in clause (i) or (ii); ‘‘(B) agency action to ensure that contractors are educated on the applicable laws and regula-tions listed in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) agency action to ensure that the acquisi-tion workforce and agency officials understand implementation of the laws and regulations list-ed in subparagraph (A), including best practices for— ‘‘(i) ensuring compliance with such laws and regulations; ‘‘(ii) assessing the serious, repeated, willful, or pervasive nature of any violation of such laws or regulations; and ‘‘(iii) evaluating steps contractors have taken to correct any such violation; ‘‘(D)(i) the number of contracts containing language referring to the laws and regulations listed in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) the number of contracts that did not con-tain any language referring to such laws and regulations; ‘‘(E)(i) the number of allegations of severe forms of trafficking in persons received; and ‘‘(ii) the source type of the allegation (such as contractor, subcontractor, employee of con-tractor or subcontractor, or an individual out-side of the contract); ‘‘(F)(i) the number of such allegations inves-tigated by the agency; ‘‘(ii) a summary of any findings from such in-vestigations; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.030 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10541 December 21, 2018 
‘‘(iii) any improvements recommended by the agency to prevent such conduct from recurring; ‘‘(G)(i) the number of such allegations re-ferred to the Attorney General for prosecution under section 3271 of title 18, United States Code; and ‘‘(ii) the outcomes of such referrals; ‘‘(H) any remedial action taken as a result of such investigation, including whether— ‘‘(i) a contractor or subcontractor (at any tier) was debarred or suspended due to a violation of a law or regulation relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; or ‘‘(ii) a contract was terminated pursuant to subsection (g) as a result of such violation; ‘‘(I) any other assistance offered to agency contractors to ensure compliance with a law or regulation relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; ‘‘(J) any interagency meetings or data sharing regarding suspended or disbarred contractors or subcontractors (at any tier) for severe forms of trafficking in persons; and ‘‘(K) any contract with a contractor or sub-contractor (at any tier) located outside the United States and the country location, where safe to reveal location, for each such contractor or subcontractor. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(D) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(E) the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(F) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; ‘‘(G) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; ‘‘(H) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and ‘‘(I) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate.’’. 
SEC. 113. TRAINING COURSE ON HUMAN TRAF-FICKING AND GOVERNMENT CON-TRACTING. 
Any curriculum, including any continuing education curriculum, for the acquisition work-force used by the Federal Acquisition Institute established under section 1201 of title 41, United States Code, shall include at least 1 course, last-ing at least 30 minutes, regarding the law and regulations relating to human trafficking and contracting with the Federal Government. 
SEC. 114. MODIFICATIONS TO THE ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
The Survivors of Human Trafficking Em-powerment Act (section 115 of Public Law 114– 22; 129 Stat. 243) is amended— (1) in subsection (f), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with the applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code.’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
SEC. 115. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SENIOR POLICY OPERATING GROUP. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Senior Pol-icy Operating Group established under section 105(g) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(g)) should create a work-ing group to examine the role of demand reduc-tion, both domestically and internationally, in achieving the purposes of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) and the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (Public Law 114–22; 129 Stat. 227). 
SEC. 116. BEST PRACTICES TO PREVENT FORCED CHILD LABOR TRAFFICKING. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the United States Government condemns, in the strongest terms, forced child labor, in-cluding in situations of trafficking; and (2) the President should work with the private sector to develop best practices and guidance for preventing forced child labor and indentured servitude, including in situations of trafficking. Subtitle C—Preventing Trafficking in Persons in the United States SEC. 121. DEMAND REDUCTION STRATEGIES IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE TASKFORCE.— Section 105(d)(7) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (Q)(vii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (R), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(S) tactics and strategies employed by human trafficking task forces sponsored by the Depart-ment of Justice to reduce demand for trafficking victims.’’. (b) R
EPORT ON STATE ENFORCEMENT .—Sub- section (e)(1)(A) of the Combat Human Traf-ficking Act of 2015 (34 U.S.C. 20709(e)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-ing ‘‘rates’’ and inserting ‘‘number’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, noting the number of cov-ered offenders’’ after ‘‘covered offense’’ each place such term appears; (3) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘arrest’’ and in-serting ‘‘arrests’’; (4) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘prosecution’’ and inserting ‘‘prosecutions’’; and (5) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘conviction’’ and inserting ‘‘convictions’’. 
SEC. 122. DESIGNATION OF A LABOR PROS-ECUTOR TO ENHANCE STATE AND LOCAL EFFORTS TO COMBAT TRAF-FICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 204(a)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (34 U.S.C. 20705(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) as appropriate, to designate at least 1 prosecutor for cases of severe forms of traf-ficking in persons (as such term is defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)).’’. 
SEC. 123. PREVENTING HUMAN TRAFFICKING IN FOREIGN MISSIONS AND DIPLO-MATIC HOUSEHOLDS. 
Section 203(a) of the William Wilberforce Traf-ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1375c(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘for such period as the Sec-retary determines necessary’’ and inserting ‘‘for a period of at least 1 year, except if the Sec-retary determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees, in advance, the rea-sons a shorter period is in the national inter-est,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the Secretary determines’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘there is an unpaid default or final civil judgement directly or indirectly related to human trafficking against the employer or a family member as-signed to the embassy, or the diplomatic mission or international organization hosting the em-ployer or family member has not responded af-firmatively to a request to waive immunity with-in 6 weeks of the request in a case brought by the United States Government and the country that accredited the employer or family member or, in the case of international organizations, the country of citizenship, has not initiated prosecution against the employer or family mem-ber.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘a mecha-nism is in place’’ and inserting ‘‘, as applicable, the unpaid default judgment or final civil judge-ment has been resolved, the diplomatic mission or international organization hosting the em-ployer or family member has waived immunity for the employer or family member or the coun-try that accredited the employer or family mem-ber or the country of citizenship of the employer or family member completed the prosecution of the employer or family member, and the diplo-matic mission or international organization hosting the employer or family member has a mechanism in place’’. SEC. 124. ACTIONS AGAINST SIGNIFICANT TRAF-FICKERS IN PERSONS. 
Section 111(a)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7108(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or section 1263 of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note),’’ after ‘‘1701)’’ the second place it appears; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Officials of a foreign government who participate in, facilitate, or condone severe forms of trafficking in persons for significant fi-nancial gain.’’. Subtitle D—Monitoring Child, Forced, and Slave Labor 
SEC. 131. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) foreign assistance that addresses poverty alleviation and humanitarian disasters reduces the vulnerability of men, women, and children to human trafficking and is a crucial part of the response of the United States to modern-day slavery; (2) the Deputy Under Secretary of the Bureau of International Labor Affairs of the Depart-ment of Labor and the grant programs adminis-tered by the Deputy Under Secretary play a critical role in preventing and protecting chil-dren from the worst forms of child labor, includ-ing situations of trafficking, and in reducing the vulnerabilities of men and women to situa-tions of forced labor and trafficking; and (3) the Secretary of Labor also plays a critical role in helping other Federal departments and agencies to prevent goods made with forced and child labor from entering the United States by consulting with such departments and agencies to reduce forced and child labor internationally and ensuring that products made by forced labor and child labor in violation of inter-national standards are not imported into the United States. 
SEC. 132. REPORT ON THE ENFORCEMENT OF SECTION 307 OF THE TARIFF ACT OF 1930. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit a report to the committees listed in subsection (b) that describes any obstacles or challenges to enforcing section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). (b) C
OMMITTEES .—The committees listed in this subsection are— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (2) the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (5) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; (6) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (7) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; (8) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (9) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.030 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10542 December 21, 2018 
(10) the Committee on Finance of the Senate. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall— (1) describe the role and best practices of pri-vate sector employers in the United States in complying with the provisions of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930; (2) describe any efforts or programs under-taken by relevant Federal, State, or local gov-ernment agencies to encourage employers, di-rectly or indirectly, to comply with such provi-sions; (3) describe the roles of the relevant Federal departments and agencies in overseeing and reg-ulating such provisions, and the oversight and enforcement mechanisms used by such depart-ments or agencies; (4) provide concrete, actual case studies or ex-amples of how such provisions are enforced; (5) identify the number of petitions received and cases initiated (whether by petition or oth-erwise) or investigated by each relevant Federal department or agency charged with imple-menting and enforcing such provisions, as well as the dates petitions were received or investiga-tions were initiated, and their current statuses; (6) identify any enforcement actions during the most recent 10 years, including— (A) the issuance of Withhold Release Orders; (B) the detention of shipments; (C) the issuance of civil penalties; and (D) the formal charging with criminal charges relating to the forced labor scheme taken as a result of petitions and investigations identified pursuant to paragraph (5), organized by type of action, date of action, commodity, and country of origin; (7) with respect to any relevant petition filed during the 10-year period immediately preceding the date of the enactment of this Act with the relevant Federal departments and agencies tasked with implementing such provisions, list the specific products, country of origin, manu-facturer, importer, end-user or retailer, and out-comes of any investigation; (8) identify any gaps that may exist in en-forcement of such provisions; (9) describe the engagement of the relevant Federal departments and agencies with stake-holders, including the engagement of importers, forced labor experts, and nongovernmental or-ganizations; and (10) based on the information required under paragraphs (1) through (9)— (A) identify any regulatory obstacles or chal-lenges to enforcement of such provisions; and (B) provide recommendations for actions that could be taken by the relevant Federal depart-ments and agencies to overcome such obstacles. 
SEC. 133. MODIFICATION TO LIST OF CHILD-MADE AND SLAVERY-MADE GOODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105(b)(2)(C) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7112(b)(2)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including, to the extent prac-ticable, goods that are produced with inputs that are produced with forced labor or child labor’’ after ‘‘international standards’’. (b) I
NCLUSION IN AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO-
PRIATIONS .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under sec-tion 113(f) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7110(f)), as amended by section 301, are authorized to be made available to carry out the purposes described in section 105(b)(2) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (22 U.S.C. 7112(b)(2)), as amended by subsection (a). TITLE II—FIGHTING HUMAN TRAFFICKING ABROAD Subtitle A—Efforts to Combat Trafficking 
SEC. 201. INCLUDING THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY AND THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE AS A MEM-BER OF THE INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE TO MONITOR AND COMBAT TRAFFICKING. 
Section 105(b) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(b)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury, the United States Trade Representative,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Education,’’. SEC. 202. ENCOURAGING COUNTRIES TO MAIN-TAIN AND SHARE DATA ON HUMAN TRAFFICKING EFFORTS. 
Section 108(b) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘the capacity’’ and inserting ‘‘a demonstrably increasing capacity’’; and (B) by striking the last sentence; and (2) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘consistent with its resources’’ and inserting ‘‘, consistent with a demonstrably increasing capacity of such government to ob-tain such data,’’; and (B) by striking the last sentence. 
SEC. 203. APPROPRIATE LISTING OF GOVERN-MENTS INVOLVED IN HUMAN TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii)(I)— (i) by striking ‘‘absolute’’ and inserting ‘‘esti-mated’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and the country is not tak-ing proportional concrete actions’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN COUNTRIES ON  
SPECIAL WATCH LIST THAT ARE DOWNGRADED AND  
REINSTATED ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST .—Notwith- standing subparagraphs (D) and (E), a country may not be included on the special watch list described in subparagraph (A)(iii) for more than 1 consecutive year after the country— ‘‘(i) was included on the special watch list de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(iii) for— ‘‘(I) 2 consecutive years after the date of the enactment of subparagraph (D); and ‘‘(II) any additional years after such date of enactment as a result of the President exercising the waiver authority under subparagraph (D)(ii); and ‘‘(ii) was subsequently included on the list of countries described in paragraph (1)(C).’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) and moving such clauses 2 ems to the right; (B) in the matter preceding clause (i), as re-designated, by striking ‘‘In determinations’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In determinations’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) P
ROOF OF FAILURE TO MAKE SIGNIFICANT  
EFFORTS .—In addition to the considerations de-scribed in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subpara-graph (A), in determinations under paragraph (1)(C) as to whether the government of a coun-try is not making significant efforts to bring itself into compliance with the minimum stand-ards for the elimination of trafficking, the Sec-retary of State shall consider, as proof of failure to make significant efforts, a government policy or pattern of— ‘‘(i) trafficking; ‘‘(ii) trafficking in government-funded pro-grams; ‘‘(iii) forced labor (in government-affiliated medical services, agriculture, forestry, mining, construction, or other sectors); ‘‘(iv) sexual slavery in government camps, compounds, or outposts; or ‘‘(v) employing or recruiting child soldiers.’’. 
SEC. 204. REQUIREMENTS FOR STRATEGIES TO PREVENT TRAFFICKING. 
(a) R EPORT ON NEWPRACTICES TOCOMBAT  T
RAFFICKING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter for 7 years, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment, shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that— (A) describes any practices adopted by the De-partment of State or the United States Agency for International Development to better combat trafficking in persons, in accordance with the report submitted under section 101(b)(4) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005, in order to reduce the risk of traf-ficking in post-conflict or post-disaster areas; or (B) if no practices referred to in subparagraph (A) have been adopted, includes a strategy to re-duce the risk of trafficking in such areas. (2) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each report sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be posted on a publicly available internet website of the De-partment of State. (b) C
HILD PROTECTION STRATEGIES IN WATCH L
ISTCOUNTRIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment shall incorporate into the relevant country development cooperation strategy for each coun-try on the list described in paragraph (1)(C) of section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)) or the special watch list described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) of such section, strategies for the protection of children and the reduction of the risk of traf-ficking. (2) C
OMPONENTS .—The child protection and trafficking reduction strategies required under paragraph (1) shall— (A) address the root causes of insecurity that leave children and youth vulnerable to traf-ficking; and (B) include common metrics and indicators to monitor progress across Federal agencies to pre-vent, address, and end violence against children and youth globally in post-conflict and post-dis-aster areas. 
SEC. 205. BRIEFING ON COUNTRIES WITH PRI-MARILY MIGRANT WORKFORCES. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that includes, with re-spect to each country that has a domestic work-force of which more than 80 percent are third- country nationals— (1) an assessment of the progress made by the government of such country toward imple-menting the recommendations with respect to such country contained in the most recent Traf-ficking in Persons Report submitted by the Sec-retary under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)), as amended by section 203 of this Act; and (2) a description of the efforts made by the United States to ensure that any domestic work-er brought into the United States by an official of such country is not a victim of trafficking. 
SEC. 206. REPORT ON RECIPIENTS OF FUNDING FROM THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOP-MENT. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and by October 1 of each of the following 4 years, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives that describes, with respect to the prior fiscal year— (1) each obligation or expenditure of Federal funds by the Agency for the purpose of com-bating human trafficking and forced labor; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.030 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10543 December 21, 2018 
(2) with respect to each such obligation or ex-penditure, the program, project, activity, pri-mary recipient, and any subgrantees or sub-contractors. Subtitle B—Child Soldier Prevention Act of 2018 
SEC. 211. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The recruitment or use of children in armed conflict is unacceptable for any govern-ment or government-supported entity receiving United States assistance. (2) The recruitment or use of children in armed conflict, including direct combat, support roles, and sexual slavery, occurred during 2016 or 2017 in Afghanistan, Iran, Mali, Niger, South Sudan, Sudan, Burma, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Iraq, Nigeria, Rwanda, Somalia, Syria, and Yemen. (3) Entities of the Government of Afghanistan, particularly the Afghan Local Police and Af-ghan National Police, continue to recruit chil-dren to serve as combatants or as servants, in-cluding as sex slaves. (4) Police forces of the Government of Afghan-istan participate in counterterrorism operations, direct and indirect combat, security operations, fight alongside regular armies, and are targeted for violence by the Taliban and other opposition groups. (5) In February 2016, a 10-year-old boy was assassinated by the Taliban after he had been publicly honored by Afghan local police forces for his assistance in combat operations against the Taliban. (6) Recruitment and use of children in armed conflict by government forces has continued in South Sudan with the return to hostilities. (7) At least 19,000 children have been recruited since South Sudan’s civil war began in 2013. 
SEC. 212. AMENDMENTS TO THE CHILD SOLDIERS PREVENTION ACT OF 2008. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 402(2) of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (22 U.S.C. 2370c(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, po-lice, or other security forces’’ after ‘‘govern-mental armed forces’’ each place such term ap-pears; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘clauses’’ and inserting ‘‘clause’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION .—Section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (22 U.S.C. 2370c– 1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, police, or other security forces,’’ after ‘‘governmental armed forces’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘recruit and use child sol-diers’’ and inserting ‘‘recruit or use child sol-diers’’; (2) in subsection (b), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date on which each report is submitted under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)), the Secretary of State shall formally notify each government included in the list under para-graph (1) that such government is included in such list. ‘‘(B) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—As soon as practicable after making all of the notifica-tions required under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a report, the Secretary of State shall no-tify the appropriate congressional committees that the requirements of subparagraph (A) have been met.’’; (3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the government of such country is taking effec-tive and continuing steps to address the problem of child soldiers’’; and (4) in subsection (e)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to a country’’ and all that follows through ‘‘sub-section (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 541 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2347) through the Defense Institute for Inter-national Legal Studies or the Center for Civil- Military Relations at the Naval Post-Graduate School, and may provide nonlethal supplies (as defined in section 2557(d)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code), to a country subject to the prohibition under subsection (a)’’. (c) REPORTS .—Section 405 of the Child Sol-diers Prevention Act of 2008 (22 U.S.C. 2370c–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘, during any of the 5 years fol-lowing the date of the enactment of this Act,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘wavier’’ and inserting ‘‘waiv-er’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively; (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) a description and the amount of any as-sistance withheld under this title pursuant to the application to those countries of the prohibi-tion in section 404(a);’’; and (D) in paragraph (5), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘and the amount’’ after ‘‘a description’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION TO BEINCLUDED IN ANNUAL  T
RAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT .—If the Sec-retary of State notifies a country pursuant to section 404(b)(2), or the President grants a waiv-er pursuant to section 404(c)(1), the Secretary of State shall include, in each report required under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)), the in-formation required to be included in the annual report to Congress under paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (c).’’. (d) E
LIMINATION OF CHILD SEXUAL ASSAULT  
BYAFGHAN SECURITY FORCES .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Department of State and the Department of Defense should fully implement the recommendations in the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction’s 2017 report on Child Sexual Assault in Afghanistan. (2) R
EPORT ON STATUS OF IMPLEMENTATION OF  
RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall report to the appropriate congressional committees on the status of implementation, within their respective departments, of each rec-ommendation included in the report referenced in paragraph (1). (3) R
EPORT ON INTERAGENCY EFFORTS TO MON -
ITOR ABUSES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall re-port to the appropriate congressional committees on the status of interagency efforts to establish effective, coherent, and discrete reporting by United States personnel on child sexual abuse by Afghan security forces with whom they train or advise or to whom they provide assistance. (4) P
RIORITIZATION AT MINISTERIAL CON -
FERENCE ON AFGHANISTAN .—The Department of State shall ensure that the issue of child sexual assault by Afghan security forces is incor-porated and elevated as an issue of inter-national concern and focus at the next Ministe-rial Conference on Afghanistan, scheduled for November 27-28, 2018, in Geneva, Switzerland, with the goal of ending the illegal but ongoing practice known as ‘‘bacha bazi’’. (5) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. TITLE III—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS UNDER THE TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT OF 2000. 
Section 113 of the Trafficking Victims Preven-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7110) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS IN  S
UPPORT OF THE TASKFORCE.—There are au-thorized to be appropriated to the Department of State, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, $13,822,000 for Diplomatic and Consular Programs of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, which shall be used to carry out sections 105(e), 105(f), and 110, includ-ing for additional personnel.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘$14,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2014 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$19,500,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, of which $3,500,000 is authorized to be appro-priated for each fiscal year for the National Human Trafficking Hotline.’’; (3) in subsection (c), by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A
SSISTANCE TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of State, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021, $65,000,000, which shall be used— ‘‘(A) to carry out sections 106 and 107(a); ‘‘(B) to carry out section 134 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2152d); ‘‘(C) to assist countries in meeting the min-imum standards described in section 108; and ‘‘(D) for programs and activities on preven-tion, protection, and prosecution to combat all forms of trafficking in persons internationally, including training activities for law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and members of the judici-ary with respect to trafficking in persons at the International Law Enforcement Academies.’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2014 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 302. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS UNDER THE INTERNATIONAL MEGAN’S LAW. 
Section 11 of the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Trav-eling Sex Offenders (34 U.S.C. 21509) is amended by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 303. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR AIRPORT PERSONNEL TRAINING TO IDENTIFY AND REPORT HUMAN TRAFFICKING VICTIMS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection $250,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2021 to expand outreach and live on- site anti-trafficking training for airport and air-line personnel. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.030 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10544 December 21, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, the Senate unani-mously passed this amendment version of H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act, which the House originally passed back in July. It is part of a bipartisan, bi-cameral package of bills to reauthorize and to strengthen our Nation’s effort to combat human trafficking. It de-serves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. The measure before us reauthorizes the Trafficking Victims Protection Act to make protection for survivors more effective, improve the way we prevent this crime, and ensure that we are prosecuting those responsible. This bipartisan bill passed the Senate unanimously. A very similar version passed the House by voice vote in July of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Mem-bers to join me and the chairman in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, as prime author of the landmark Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (TVPA), it is an honor to present the new Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act. This bipartisan bill—and I thank K
AREN BASS for her cosponsorship and strong support—is a comprehensive, reauthorization and expan-sion of key elements of the TVPA and related policies. In the fight to end modern day slavery, my new bill honors the extraordinary legacy of one of the greatest Americans who ever lived. Born a slave in 1818—we celebrated the 200th anniversary of his birth this year—Fred-erick Douglass escaped slavery when he was 20 and dedicated his entire life to abolishing slavery and after emancipation, to ending Jim Crow laws, all the while struggling for full equality. A gifted orator, author, editor, states-man (and Republican), he died in 1895. The Frederick Douglass bill before us today authorizes over $430 million over 4 years to prevent human trafficking, protect victims, and beef up prosecution of those involved in this nefarious trade both at home and abroad. It provides: $18 million over three years to the Depart-ments of Homeland Security, Justice, and State to fund the International Megan’s Law $78 million over four years to the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services $20 million over four years to the Depart-ment of Labor $315 million over four years to the Depart-ment of State Additional funding to train airport personnel, flight attendants, and pilots to recognize and report to law enforcement potential trafficking victims in transit Specifically, the new bill significantly ex-pands our efforts to combat trafficking by: Ensuring vulnerable children, throughout the United States, are educated to avoid traf-fickers; Encouraging job training for trafficking sur-vivors, especially those who were exploited in sex trafficking as children; Preferring in government travel contracts airlines and hotels that have in place anti-traf-ficking training and reporting policies for their employees; Keeping goods made by child trafficking vic-tims out of the United States by ensuring fund-ing for and enhancing Department of Labor re-ports on slave-made goods; Encouraging enforcement of the Tariff Act of 1930’s prohibition on the importation of goods made with forced labor; Helping survivors get back on their feet by treating civil damages they win from their traf-fickers the same as criminal restitution; Designating one prosecutor in each of the Department of Justice’s focus districts to in-vestigate and prosecute labor trafficking cases; Preventing abuse of domestic servants in embassies and diplomatic homes in the United States; Encouraging credible and effective use of the trafficking tier ranking system by the U.S. Department of State in the annual Trafficking in Persons Report; and Strengthening implementation of all U.S. laws and regulations in place to prevent U.S. government purchases from putting money in the hands of traffickers and encouraging ac-countability for U.S. government contractors involved in human trafficking; Empowering trafficking survivors to be more involved in the development of human traf-ficking policy; and Integrating the fight against human traf-ficking into U.S. foreign assistance more fully. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 2200. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TROPICAL FOREST CONSERVATION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1023) to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1023 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tropical Forest Conservation Reauthor-ization Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Amendment to short title of Act to encompass modified scope. Sec. 3. Protection of tropical forests and coral reefs. Sec. 4. Change to name of facility. Sec. 5. Eligibility for benefits. Sec. 6. Reduction of debt owed to the United States as a result of credits ex-tended under title I of Food for Peace Act. Sec. 7. United States Government represen-tation on oversight bodies for grants from debt-for-nature swaps and debt buybacks. Sec. 8. Conservation agreements. Sec. 9. Conservation Fund. Sec. 10. Changes to due dates of annual re-ports to Congress. Sec. 11. New authorization of appropriations for the reduction of debt and authorization for audit, evalua-tion, monitoring, and adminis-tration expenses. SEC. 2. AMENDMENT TO SHORT TITLE OF ACT TO ENCOMPASS MODIFIED SCOPE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 801 of the Trop-ical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 (part V of Public Law 87–195; 22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Con-servation Act of 1998’’ and inserting ‘‘Trop-ical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any other provision of law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the ‘‘Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conserva-tion Act of 1998’’. 
SEC. 3. PROTECTION OF TROPICAL FORESTS AND CORAL REEFS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 802 of the Trop-ical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) in subsections (a)(1), (a)(6), (b)(1), (b)(3), and (b)(4), by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘tropical for-ests and coral reef ecosystems’’; (2) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘far- flung’’; (3) in subsection (a)(7), by striking ‘‘trop-ical forests is critical to the protection of tropical forests’’ and inserting ‘‘tropical for-ests and coral reef ecosystems is critical to the protection of such areas’’; and (4) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘tropical for-ests and coral ecosystems’’; (B) by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ the sec-ond place it appears and inserting ‘‘areas’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ the third place it appears and inserting ‘‘tropical for-ests and coral reef ecosystems’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS RELATED TO DEFINI -
TIONS .—Section 803 of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2431a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
TROPICAL  
FOREST ’’ and inserting ‘‘ TROPICAL FOREST OR  
CORAL REEF ’’; (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘tropical forest’’ and insert-ing ‘‘tropical forest or coral reef’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘tropical forest’’ and insert-ing ‘‘tropical forest or coral reef’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ and in-serting ‘‘tropical forests or coral reefs’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(10) C
ORAL .—The term ‘coral’ means spe-cies of the phylum Cnidaria, including— ‘‘(A) all species of the orders Antipatharia (black corals), Scleractinia (stony corals), Alcyonacea (soft corals), Gorgonacea (horny corals), Stolonifera (organpipe corals and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.046 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10545 December 21, 2018 
others), and Coenothecalia (blue coral), of the class Anthoza; and ‘‘(B) all species of the order Hydrocorallina (fire corals and hydrocorals) of the class Hydrozoa. ‘‘(11) C
ORAL REEF .—The term ‘coral reef’ means any reef or shoal composed primarily of coral. ‘‘(12) C
ORAL REEF ECOSYSTEM .—The term ‘coral reef ecosystem’ means any coral reef and any coastal marine ecosystem sur-rounding, or directly related to, a coral reef and important to maintaining the ecological integrity of that coral reef, such as seagrasses, mangroves, sandy seabed commu-nities, and immediately adjacent coastal areas.’’. 
SEC. 4. CHANGE TO NAME OF FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 804 of the Trop-ical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431b), as renamed by sec-tion 2(a), is amended by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Conserva-tion Facility’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO DEFINI -
TIONS .—Section 803(8) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2431a(8)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘T
ROPICAL  
FOREST FACILITY ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONSERVA -
TION FACILITY ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Facility’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘Con-servation Facility’’. (c) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any other provision of law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the ‘‘Tropical Forest Facility’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Conserva-tion Facility’’. 
SEC. 5. ELIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS. 
Section 805(a) of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431c(a)), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘tropical forest’’ and insert-ing ‘‘tropical forest or coral reef’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (7); and (3) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) whose government is democratically elected; ‘‘(2) whose government has not repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism; ‘‘(3) whose government is not failing to co-operate on international narcotics control matters; ‘‘(4) whose government (including its mili-tary or other security forces) does not en-gage in a consistent pattern of gross viola-tions of internationally recognized human rights; ‘‘(5) that has in effect, has received ap-proval for, or is making significant progress toward— ‘‘(A) an International Monetary Fund standby arrangement, extended Fund ar-rangement, or an arrangement under the structural adjustment facility or enhanced structural adjustment facility, or a Fund monitored program, or is implementing sound macroeconomic policies, unless the President determines that such an arrange-ment or program could reasonably be ex-pected to have significant adverse social or environmental effect; and ‘‘(B) as appropriate, structural or sectoral adjustment loans from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development or the International Development Associa-tion, unless the President determines that the resulting adjustment requirements could reasonably be expected to have significant adverse social or environmental effects; ‘‘(6) if appropriate, has agreed with its commercial bank lenders on a satisfactory financing program, including, as appro-priate, debt or debt service reduction; and’’. SEC. 6. REDUCTION OF DEBT OWED TO THE UNITED STATES AS A RESULT OF CREDITS EXTENDED UNDER TITLE I OF FOOD FOR PEACE ACT. 
Section 807(a)(1) of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431e(a)(1)), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended by striking ‘‘outstanding as of January 1, 1998,’’ and inserting ‘‘out-standing as of the date of the enactment of the Tropical Forest Conservation Reauthor-ization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 7. UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT REP-RESENTATION ON OVERSIGHT BOD-IES FOR GRANTS FROM DEBT-FOR- NATURE SWAPS AND DEBT BUYBACKS. 
Section 808(a)(5) of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431f(a)(5)), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) U
NITED STATES GOVERNMENT REP -
RESENTATION ON THE ADMINISTERING BODY .— One or more individuals appointed by the United States Government shall serve in an official capacity on the administering body that oversees the implementation of grants arising from a debt-for-nature swap or debt buyback regardless of whether the United States is a party to any agreement between the eligible purchaser and the government of the beneficiary country.’’. 
SEC. 8. CONSERVATION AGREEMENTS. 
(a) R ENAMING OF AGREEMENTS .—Section 809 of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Con-servation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431g), as re-named by section 2(a), is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
TROPICAL FOREST AGREEMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
CONSERVATION AGREEMENT ’’; and (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘A
UTHORITY ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Sec- retary’’ and inserting ‘‘A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Agree-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Conservation Agree-ment’’. (b) E
LIMINATION OF REQUIREMENT TOCON-
SULT WITH THE ENTERPRISE FOR THE AMER-
ICAS BOARD .—Such subsection is further amended by striking paragraph (2). (c) R
OLE OF BENEFICIARY COUNTRIES .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘in exceptional circumstances, the government of the beneficiary country’’ and inserting ‘‘in limited circumstances, the government of the beneficiary country when needed to im-prove governance and enhance management of tropical forests or coral reef ecosystems, without replacing existing levels of financial efforts by the government of the beneficiary country and with priority given to projects that complement grants made under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B)’’; and (2) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) R
EVIEW OF LARGER GRANTS .—Any grant of more than $250,000 from a Fund must be approved by the Government of the United States and the government of the beneficiary country.’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘to serve in an official capacity’’ after ‘‘Gov-ernment’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘tropical forests’’ and inserting ‘‘tropical forests and coral reef ecosystems’’; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘tropical forest’’; and (C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘living in or near a tropical forest in a manner con-sistent with protecting such tropical forest’’ and inserting ‘‘dependent on a tropical forest or coral reef ecosystem and related resources in a manner consistent with conserving such resources’’. (e) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO DEFINI -
TIONS .—Section 803(7) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 2431a(7)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘T
ROPICAL  
FOREST AGREEMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ON-
SERVATION AGREEMENT ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Agree-ment’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘Conservation Agreement’’. 
SEC. 9. CONSERVATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 810 of the Trop-ical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431h), as renamed by sec-tion 2(a), is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
TROPICAL FOREST FUND ’’ and inserting ‘‘ CON-
SERVATION FUND ’’; and (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Agree-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘Conservation Agree-ment’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘Conservation Fund’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO DEFINI -
TIONS .—Such Act is further amended— (1) in section 803(9) (22 U.S.C. 2431a(9))— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘T
ROPICAL  
FOREST FUND ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONSERVATION  
FUND ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Fund’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘Con-servation Fund’’; (2) in section 806(c)(2) (22 U.S.C. 2431d(c)(2)), by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Fund’’ and in-serting ‘‘Conservation Fund’’; and (3) in section 807(c)(2) (22 U.S.C. 2431e(c)(2)), by striking ‘‘Tropical Forest Fund’’ and in-serting ‘‘Conservation Fund’’. 
SEC. 10. CHANGES TO DUE DATES OF ANNUAL RE-PORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 813 of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431k), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than December 31’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than April 15’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘calendar year’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 11. NEW AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-TIONS FOR THE REDUCTION OF DEBT AND AUTHORIZATION FOR AUDIT, EVALUATION, MONITORING, AND ADMINISTRATION EXPENSES. 
Section 806 of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 2431d), as renamed by section 2(a), is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(7) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(8) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2020.’’; and (2) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS TOCONDUCT PROGRAM  A
UDITS , EVALUATIONS , MONITORING , AND AD-
MINISTRATION .—Of the amounts made avail-able to carry out this part for a fiscal year, $300,000 is authorized to be made available to carry out audits, evaluations, monitoring, and administration of programs under this part, including personnel costs associated with such audits, evaluations, monitoring and administration.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.031 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10546 December 21, 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 1032, the Tropical Forest Conservation Reauthorization Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is the Senate version of H.R. 6982, in-troduced by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). It is an important bipar-tisan, bicameral bill that reauthorizes and reforms ongoing international con-servation efforts to increase trans-parency and ensure that assistance does not go to problematic govern-ments. Mr. Speaker, it deserves our unani-mous support, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. This is an important bill that im-proves our ability to address the acute environmental threats facing tropical forests and coral reefs around the world. The original Tropical Forest Con-servation Act passed the Senate in 1998, and this reauthorization is the companion to H.R. 6982. It is a bipar-tisan, bicameral bill, and I urge all Members to join me in supporting it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1023. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ELIE WIESEL GENOCIDE AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1158) to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1158 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government’s efforts at atrocity pre-vention and response through interagency coordination, such as the Atrocities Preven-tion Board (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Board’’) or successor entity are critically important, and that appropriate officials of the United States Government should— (1) meet regularly to monitor develop-ments throughout the world that heighten the risk of atrocities; (2) identify any gaps in United States for-eign policy concerning regions or particular countries related to atrocity prevention and response; (3) facilitate the development and imple-mentation of policies to enhance the capac-ity of the United States to prevent and re-spond to atrocities worldwide; (4) provide the President and Congress with recommendations to improve policies, pro-grams, resources, and tools related to atroc-ity prevention and response; (5) conduct outreach, including consulta-tions, not less frequently than biannually, with representatives of nongovernmental or-ganizations and civil society dedicated to atrocity prevention and response; (6) operate with regular consultation and participation of designated interagency rep-resentatives of relevant Federal agencies, ex-ecutive departments, or offices; and (7) ensure resources are made available for the policies, programs, and tools related to atrocity prevention and response. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to— (1) regard the prevention of atrocities as in its national interest; (2) work with partners and allies, including to build their capacity, and enhance the ca-pacity of the United States, to identify, pre-vent, and respond to the causes of atrocities, including insecurity, mass displacement, violent conflict, and other conditions that may lead to such atrocities; and (3) pursue a United States Government- wide strategy to identify, prevent, and re-spond to the risk of atrocities by— (A) strengthening the diplomatic, risk analysis and monitoring, strategic planning, early warning, and response capacities of the Government; (B) improving the use of foreign assistance to respond early, effectively, and urgently in order to address the causes of atrocities; (C) strengthening diplomatic response and the effective use of foreign assistance to sup-port appropriate transitional justice meas-ures, including criminal accountability, for past atrocities; (D) supporting and strengthening local civil society, including human rights defend-ers and others working to help prevent and respond to atrocities; (E) promoting financial transparency and enhancing anti-corruption initiatives as part of addressing causes of conditions that may lead to atrocities; and (F) employing a variety of unilateral, bi-lateral, and multilateral means to prevent and respond to atrocities by— (i) placing a high priority on timely, pre-ventive diplomatic efforts; and (ii) exercising leadership in promoting international efforts to prevent atrocities. SEC. 4. TRAINING OF FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-CERS IN CONFLICT AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION. 
Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended in subsection (a)(1)— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) for Foreign Service Officers who will be assigned to a country experiencing or at risk of mass atrocities, as determined by the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and rel-evant civil society organizations, instruction on recognizing patterns of escalation and early warning signs of potential atrocities, and methods of preventing and responding to atrocities, including conflict assessment methods, peacebuilding, mediation for pre-vention, early action and response, and ap-propriate transitional justice measures to address atrocities.’’. 
SEC. 5. REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the following six years, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate a report, with a clas-sified annex if necessary, that includes— (1) a review, in consultation with appro-priate interagency representatives, including the Board, consisting of a detailed descrip-tion of— (A) current efforts to prevent and respond to atrocities, based on United States and lo-cally identified indicators, including an analysis of capacities and constraints for interagency detection, early warning and re-sponse, information-sharing, contingency planning, and coordination; (B) recommendations to further strengthen United States capabilities described in sub-paragraph (A); (C) funding expended by relevant Federal departments and agencies on atrocities pre-vention activities, including appropriate transitional justice measures and the legal, procedural, and resource constraints faced by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Develop-ment throughout respective budgeting, stra-tegic planning, and management cycles re-garding support for atrocity prevention ac-tivities; (D) a global assessment of ongoing atroc-ities, including the findings of such assess-ment and, where relevant, the efficacy of any steps taken by the Board or relevant Federal agency to respond to such atrocities; (E) countries and regions at risk of atroc-ities, including a description of specific risk factors, at-risk groups, and likely scenarios in which atrocities would occur; and (F) the atrocities prevention training for Foreign Service officers authorized under subparagraph (D) of section 708(a)(1) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as added by sec-tion 4; (2) recommendations to ensure shared re-sponsibility by— (A) enhancing multilateral mechanisms for preventing atrocities, including strength-ening the role of international organizations and international financial institutions in conflict prevention, mitigation, and re-sponse; and (B) strengthening relevant regional organi-zations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.048 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10547 December 21, 2018 
(3) the implementation status of the rec-ommendations contained in the previous re-view required by this section; and (4) identification of the Federal agencies and civil society, academic, and nongovern-mental organizations and institutions con-sulted for preparation of such report. (b) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— The preparation of the report required by subsection (a) shall include a consideration of analysis, reporting, and policy rec-ommendations to prevent and respond to atrocities produced by civil society, aca-demic, and other nongovernmental organiza-tions and institutions. (c) A
VAILABILITY TO CONGRESS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be made available to all members of Congress. 
SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘genocide’’ means an offense under subsection (a) of section 1091 of title 18, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘atrocities’’ means war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide; (3) the term ‘‘transitional justice’’ means the range of judicial, nonjudicial, formal, in-formal, retributive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes to re-dress legacies of atrocities and to promote long-term, sustainable peace; and (4) the term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 7. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing the use of military force. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 1158, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is the Senate version of H.R. 3030, which this body passed on July 17. The vote here on the floor was 406–5. Mr. Speaker, it is an important bi-partisan, bicameral bill that ensures that the United States is a leader in ef-forts to prevent genocide and crimes against humanity. It deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. This is an important bill that im-proves our ability to prevent and re-spond to genocides and mass atrocities. This version of the Elie Wiesel Geno-cide and Atrocities Prevention Act passed the Senate unanimously and is the companion to H.R. 3030, which the House approved in July. It is a bipartisan, bicameral bill, and I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1100 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1158. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PROTECTING GIRLS’ ACCESS TO EDUCATION IN VULNERABLE SETTINGS ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1580) to enhance the transparency, improve the coordina-tion, and intensify the impact of assist-ance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced chil-dren and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1580 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) As of June 2018, more than 68,000,000 people have been displaced by disasters and conflicts around the world, the highest num-ber recorded since the end of World War II, of which more than 25,000,000 people are refu-gees. (2) More than half of the population of ref-ugees are children and, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refu-gees, nearly 4,000,000 school-aged refugee children lack access to primary education. (3) Education offers socioeconomic oppor-tunities, psychological stability, and phys-ical protection for displaced people, particu-larly for women and girls, who might other-wise be vulnerable to severe forms of traf-ficking in persons (as such term is defined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)), child marriage, sexual exploitation, or economic disenfranchisement. (4) Displaced children face considerable barriers to accessing educational services and, because the duration of such displace-ment is, on average, 26 years, such children may spend the entirety of their childhood without access to such services. (5) Despite the rising need for educational services, as of 2016, less than two percent of humanitarian aid was directed toward edu-cational services. SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is critical to ensure that children, particularly girls, displaced by conflicts overseas are able to access educational serv-ices because such access can combat extre-mism and reduce exploitation and poverty; and (2) the educational needs of vulnerable women and girls should be considered in the design, implementation, and evaluation of related United States foreign assistance poli-cies and programs. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to— (1) partner with and encourage other coun-tries, public and private multilateral institu-tions, and nongovernmental and civil society organizations, including faith-based organi-zations and organizations representing par-ents and children, to support efforts to en-sure that displaced children have access to safe primary and secondary education; (2) work with donors to enhance training and capacity-building for the governments of countries hosting significant numbers of dis-placed people to design, implement, and monitor programs to effectively address bar-riers to such education; and (3) coordinate with the governments of countries hosting significant numbers of dis-placed people to— (A) promote the inclusion of displaced chil-dren into the educational systems of such countries; and (B) in circumstances in which such inclu-sion is difficult, develop innovative ap-proaches to providing safe primary and sec-ondary educational opportunities, such as encouraging schools to permit children to be educated by extending the hours of schooling or expanding the number of teachers. 
SEC. 5. UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE TO SUP-PORT EDUCATIONAL SERVICES FOR DISPLACED CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to prioritize and advance ongoing efforts to support programs that— (1) provide safe primary and secondary edu-cation for displaced children; (2) build the capacity of institutions in countries hosting displaced people to prevent discrimination against displaced children, especially displaced girls, who seek access to such education; and (3) help increase the access of displaced children, especially displaced girls, to edu-cational, economic, and entrepreneurial op-portunities, including through the govern-mental authorities responsible for edu-cational or youth services in such host coun-tries. (b) C
OORDINATION WITHMULTILATERAL OR-
GANIZATIONS .—The Secretary and the Admin-istrator are authorized to coordinate with the World Bank, appropriate agencies of the United Nations, and other relevant multilat-eral organizations to work with governments in other countries to collect relevant data, disaggregated by age and gender, on the abil-ity of displaced people to access education and participate in economic activity, in order to improve the targeting, monitoring, and evaluation of related assistance efforts. (c) C
OORDINATION WITH PRIVATE SECTOR  
ANDCIVILSOCIETY ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator are authorized to work with private sector and civil society organizations to promote safe primary and secondary education for displaced children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.037 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10548 December 21, 2018 
SEC. 6. REPORT. 
The Secretary and the Administrator shall include in the report required under section 7 of the READ Act (division A of Public Law 115–56; 22 U.S.C. 2151c note) a description of any primary or secondary educational serv-ices supported by programs for natural or manmade disaster relief or response that specifically address the needs of displaced girls. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 1580, Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulner-able Settings Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is the Senate version of H.R. 2408, which this body passed last October. Again, this is a very important bipar-tisan, bicameral bill that will prioritize ongoing efforts to promote access to education for refugee chil-dren, especially girls. It deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure. The Protecting Girls’ Access to Education Act is a good bill that works to improve access for edu-cation for displaced children, espe-cially girls. This bipartisan bill is the Senate version of H.R. 2408, which passed the House by voice vote in Octo-ber of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me supporting it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1580. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTEC-TION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1862) to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for deter-mining whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimi-nation of human trafficking, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1862 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (15) as paragraphs (7) through (17), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) C
ONCRETE ACTIONS .—The term ‘con-crete actions’ means actions that dem-onstrate increased efforts by the government of a country to meet the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking, including any of the following: ‘‘(A) Enforcement actions taken. ‘‘(B) Investigations actively underway. ‘‘(C) Prosecutions conducted. ‘‘(D) Convictions attained. ‘‘(E) Training provided. ‘‘(F) Programs and partnerships actively underway. ‘‘(G) Efforts to prevent severe forms of trafficking, including programs to reduce the vulnerability of particularly vulnerable populations, involving survivors of traf-ficking in community engagement and pol-icy making, engagement with foreign mi-grants, ending recruitment fees, and other such measures. ‘‘(H) Victim services offered, including im-migration services and restitution. ‘‘(I) The amount of money the government has committed to the actions described in subparagraphs (A) through (H). ‘‘(6) C
REDIBLE INFORMATION .—The term ‘credible information’ includes all of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Reports by the Department of State. ‘‘(B) Reports of other Federal agencies, in-cluding the Department of Labor’s List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor and List of Products Produced by Forced Labor or Indentured Child Labor. ‘‘(C) Documentation provided by a foreign country, including— ‘‘(i) copies of relevant laws, regulations, and policies adopted or modified; and ‘‘(ii) an official record of enforcement ac-tions taken, judicial proceedings, training conducted, consultations conducted, pro-grams and partnerships launched, and serv-ices provided. ‘‘(D) Materials developed by civil society organizations. ‘‘(E) Information from survivors of human trafficking, vulnerable persons, and whistle-blowers. ‘‘(F) All relevant media and academic re-ports that, in light of reason and common sense, are worthy of belief. ‘‘(G) Information developed by multilat-eral institutions. ‘‘(H) An assessment of the impact of the actions described in subparagraphs (A) through (I) of paragraph (5) on the preva-lence of human trafficking in the country.’’. SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) P RIVATE SECTOR SUPPORT TO STRENGTH -
ENLAWENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND THE  R
OLE OF PRIVATE BUSINESSES IN PREVENTING  
AND COMBATING CHILD SEXTRAFFICKING .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the President should work with the pri-vate sector to explore, develop, and use tech-nology that strengthens Federal law enforce-ment capabilities to combat traffickers and criminal networks; and (2) private businesses, both domestic and international, should take every reasonable step to prevent and combat child sex traf-ficking. (b) E
FFORTS TO ENDMODERN SLAVERY .—It is the sense of Congress that any future au-thorization of appropriations to carry out the grant program authorized under section 1298 of the Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 7114) should simul-taneously extend the accountability provi-sions under subsections (c), (d), and (e) of such section. 
SEC. 4. PROHIBITION ON PLACEMENT OR RE-CRUITMENT FEES. 
Section 106(g) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iv) as paragraphs (1) through (4), respectively, and moving such paragraphs 4 ems to the left; and (2) in paragraph (4), as redesignated— (A) by redesignating subclauses (I) through (V) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and moving such subparagraphs 4 ems to the left; (B) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated, by redesignating items (aa) and (bb) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and moving such clauses 4 ems to the left; and (C) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘unreasonable placement or re-cruitment fees’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘place-ment or recruitment fees.’’. 
SEC. 5. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI-NATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
Section 108(b)(7) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)(7)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or enable’’ after ‘‘condone’’. 
SEC. 6. ACTIONS AGAINST GOVERNMENTS FAIL-ING TO MEET MINIMUM STANDARDS. 
Section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The report should’’ and in-serting ‘‘The report shall, to the extent con-current reporting data is available, cover ef-forts and activities taking place during the period between April 1 of the year preceding the report and March 31 of the year in which the report is made, and should’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘based only on concrete actions taken by the country that are recorded during the report-ing period’’ after ‘‘such standards’’; (C) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘based only on concrete actions taken by the coun-try (excluding any commitments by the country to take additional future steps dur-ing the next year) that are recorded during the reporting period’’ after ‘‘compliance’’; (D) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (E) in subparagraph (G), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) for each country included in a dif-ferent list than the country had been placed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.038 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10549 December 21, 2018 
in the previous annual report, a detailed ex-planation of how the concrete actions (or lack of such actions) undertaken (or not un-dertaken) by the country during the previous reporting period contributed to such change, including a clear linkage between such ac-tions and the minimum standards enumer-ated in section 108.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii)— (i) in subclause (I), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking subclause (III); (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the last annual report’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1 of the previous year’’; (C) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year’’; and (D) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘P
UBLIC ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONGRES -
SIONAL ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘shall provide’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(i) provide a detailed description of the credible information supporting such deter-mination on a publicly available website maintained by the Department of State; and ‘‘(ii) offer to brief the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on any written plan sub-mitted by the country under subparagraph (D)(ii)(I), with an opportunity to review the written plan.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the extent to which the government of the country is devoting sufficient budg-etary resources— ‘‘(i) to investigate and prosecute acts of se-vere trafficking in persons; ‘‘(ii) to convict and sentence persons re-sponsible for such acts; and ‘‘(iii) to obtain restitution for victims of human trafficking; ‘‘(E) the extent to which the government of the country is devoting sufficient budgetary resources— ‘‘(i) to protect and support victims of traf-ficking in persons; and ‘‘(ii) to prevent severe forms of trafficking in persons; and ‘‘(F) the extent to which the government of the country has consulted with domestic and international civil society organizations that resulted in concrete actions to improve the provision of services to victims of traf-ficking in persons.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
CTION PLANS FOR COUNTRIES UP -
GRADED TO TIER 2 WATCHLIST .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the release of the annual Trafficking in Persons Report, the Secretary of State, act-ing through the Ambassador-at-Large of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking and the Assistant Secretary of the appro-priate regional bureau, in consultation with appropriate officials from the government of each country described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), and with the assistance of the United States Ambassador or Charge d’Af-faires in each country, shall— ‘‘(i) prepare an action plan for each coun-try upgraded from Tier 3 to Tier 2 Watchlist to further improve such country’s tier rank-ing under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) present the relevant action plan to the government of each such country. ‘‘(B) CONTENTS .—Each action plan prepared under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) shall include specific concrete actions to be taken by the country to substantively address deficiencies preventing the country from meeting Tier 2 standards, based on credible information; and ‘‘(ii) should be focused on short-term and multi-year goals. ‘‘(C) B
RIEFINGS .—The Ambassador-at-Large of the Office to Monitor and Combat Traf-ficking and all appropriate regional Assist-ant Secretaries shall make themselves avail-able to brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate, the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives on the im-plementation of each action plan prepared under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed as modifying— ‘‘(i) minimum standards for the elimi-nation of trafficking under section 108; or ‘‘(ii) the actions against governments fail-ing to meet minimum standards under this section or the criteria for placement on the Special Watch List under paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 7. COMMUNICATION WITH GOVERNMENTS OF COUNTRIES DESIGNATED AS TIER 2 WATCH LIST COUNTRIES ON THE TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS RE-PORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not less than annually, the Secretary of State shall provide, to the foreign minister of each country that has been downgraded to a ‘‘Tier 2 Watch List’’ country pursuant to the Trafficking in Per-sons report submitted under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b))— (1) a copy of the annual Trafficking in Per-sons report; and (2) information pertinent to that country’s downgrade, including— (A) confirmation of the country’s designa-tion to the Tier 2 Watch List; (B) the implications associated with such designation and the consequences for the country of a downgrade to Tier 3; (C) the factors that contributed to the downgrade; and (D) the steps that the country must take to be considered for an upgrade in status of designation. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING COMMU -
NICATIONS .—It is the sense of Congress that, given the gravity of a Tier 2 Watch List des-ignation, the Secretary of State should com-municate the information described in sub-section (a) to the foreign minister of any country downgraded to the Tier 2 Watch List. 
SEC. 8. UNITED STATES SUPPORT FOR INTEGRA-TION OF ANTI-TRAFFICKING INTER-VENTIONS IN MULTILATERAL DE-VELOPMENT BANKS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, acting through the Ambassador at Large for Monitoring and Combating Traf-ficking in Persons, shall instruct the United States Executive Director of each multilat-eral development bank to initiate discus-sions with the other executive directors and management of the respective multilateral development bank to— (1) further develop anti-human trafficking provisions in relevant project development, safeguards, procurement, and evaluation policies; (2) employing a risk-based approach, re-quire human trafficking risk assessments and integration plans as a routine part of de-veloping projects through existing, forth-coming or new mechanisms and processes; (3) support analyses of the impact of severe forms of trafficking in persons on key indi-cators of economic and social development and of the benefits of reducing human traf-ficking on economic and social development; (4) support the proactive integration of ef-fective anti-trafficking interventions into projects with the objectives of enhancing de-velopment outcomes and reducing the inci-dence of severe forms of trafficking in project areas; (5) increase the capacity of multilateral development banks and of recipient govern-ments to conduct human trafficking risk as-sessments and integrate anti-trafficking interventions into projects; (6) support the development of meaningful risk mitigation and reduction policies, regu-lations, and strategies within the multilat-eral development banks to reduce the inci-dence and prevalence of severe forms of traf-ficking in persons and enhance development outcomes that may be improved by reducing the incidence and prevalence of human traf-ficking; and (7) support the inclusion of human traf-ficking risk analysis in the development of relevant country strategies by each multi-lateral development bank. (b) BRIEFINGS .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall make relevant officials avail-able to brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate, the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives on the implementation of this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 1862, the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is part of a package of bipartisan bills negotiated between the House and the Senate to reauthorize, reform, and strengthen our Nation’s efforts to com-bat human trafficking. Mr. Speaker, it deserves our unani-mous support, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. This is another good measure to strengthen our government’s re-sponse to the horrific practice of human trafficking. The Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act passed the Senate with strong bi-partisan support. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.039 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10550 December 21, 2018 
the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1862. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
WOMEN’S ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3247) to improve pro-grams and activities relating to wom-en’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3247 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empower-ment Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Because women make up the majority of the world’s poor and gender inequalities prevail in incomes, wages, access to finance, ownership of assets, and control over the al-location of resources, women’s entrepreneur-ship and economic empowerment is impor-tant to achieve inclusive economic growth at all levels of society. (2) Research shows that when women exert greater influence over household finances, economic outcomes for families improve, and childhood survival rates, food security, and educational attainment increase. Women also tend to place a greater emphasis on household savings which improves family fi-nancial resiliency. (3) A 2016 report by the McKinsey Global Institute estimated that achieving global gender parity in economic activity could add as much as $28,000,000,000,000 to annual global gross domestic product by 2025. (4) Lack of access to financial services that address gender-specific constraints impedes women’s economic inclusion. Roughly 1,000,000,000 women around the world are cur-rently left out of the formal financial sys-tem, which causes many women to rely on informal means of saving and borrowing that are riskier and less reliable. (5) Among other consequences, this lack of access hampers the success of women entre-preneurs, including women who are seeking to run or grow small and medium-sized en-terprises. The International Finance Cor-poration has estimated that 70 percent of women-owned small and medium-sized enter-prises in the formal sector are unserved or underserved in terms of access to financial services, resulting in a financing gap of $300,000,000,000 for women-owned small busi-nesses. (6) Women’s economic empowerment is in-extricably linked to a myriad of other wom-en’s human rights that are essential to their ability to thrive as economic actors across the lifecycle, including— (A) living lives free of violence and exploi-tation; (B) achieving the highest possible standard of health and well-being; (C) enjoying full legal and human rights, such as access to registration, identification, and citizenship documents; (D) benefitting from formal and informal education; (E) equal protection of and access to land and property rights; (F) access to fundamental labor rights; (G) policies to address disproportionate care burdens; and (H) business and management skills and leadership opportunities. (7) Discriminatory legal and regulatory systems and banking practices are obstacles to women’s access to capital and assets, in-cluding land, machinery, production facili-ties, technology, and human resources. These barriers are often connected to a wom-an’s marital status, which can determine whether she is able to inherit land or own property in her name. These constraints con-tribute to women frequently running smaller businesses, with fewer employees and lower asset values. (8) Savings groups primarily comprised of women are recognized as a vital entry point, especially for poor and very poor women, to formal financial services. There is a high de-mand for such groups to protect and grow the savings of women with formal financial institutions. (9) Evidence shows that, once a saving group is linked to a bank, the average sav-ings per member increases between 40 to 100 percent and the average profit per member doubles. Investing in financial literacy, busi-ness leadership training, and mentorship are key elements to these outcomes. (10) United States support for microenter-prise and microfinance development pro-grams, which seek to reduce poverty in low- income countries by giving small loans to small-scale entrepreneurs without collateral, have been a useful mechanism to help fami-lies weather economic shocks, but many microcredit borrowers largely remain in pov-erty. (11) The vast majority of microcredit bor-rowers are women who would like to move up the economic ladder, but are held back by binding constraints that create a missing middle – large numbers of microenterprises, a handful of large firms or conglomerates, and very few small and medium-sized enter-prises in between, which are critical to driv-ing economic growth in developing coun-tries. (12) According to the World Bank, small and medium-sized enterprises create 4 out of 5 new positions in emerging markets, but ap-proximately 50 percent of formal small and medium-sized enterprises lack access to for-mal credit. The financing gap is even larger when micro and informal enterprises are taken into account. Overall, approximately 70 percent of all micro, small, and medium- sized enterprises in emerging markets lack access to credit. 
SEC. 3. ACTIONS TO IMPROVE THE INTER-NATIONAL GENDER POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) G ENDER ANALYSIS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘gender analysis’’— (1) means a socioeconomic analysis of available or gathered quantitative and quali-tative information to identify, understand, and explain gaps between men and women which typically involves examining— (A) differences in the status of women and men and their differential access to and con-trol over assets, resources, education, oppor-tunities, and services; (B) the influence of gender roles, structural barriers, and norms on the division of time between paid employment, unpaid work (in-cluding the subsistence production and care for family members), and volunteer activi-ties; (C) the influence of gender roles, structural barriers, and norms on leadership roles and decision making; constraints, opportunities, and entry points for narrowing gender gaps and empowering women; and (D) potential differential impacts of devel-opment policies and programs on men and women, including unintended or negative consequences; and (2) includes conclusions and recommenda-tions to enable development policies and pro-grams to narrow gender gaps and improve the lives of women and girls. (b) INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT COOPERA -
TION POLICY .—It shall be the international development cooperation policy of the United States— (1) to reduce gender disparities with re-spect to economic, social, political, edu-cational, and cultural resources, wealth, op-portunities, and services; (2) to strive to eliminate gender-based vio-lence and mitigate its harmful effects on in-dividuals and communities including through efforts to develop standards and ca-pacity to reduce gender-based violence in the workplace and other places where women work; (3) to support activities that secure private property rights and land tenure for women in developing countries, including— (A) legal frameworks that give women equal rights to own, register, use, profit from, and inherit land and property; (B) improving legal literacy to enable women to exercise the rights described in subparagraph (A); and (C) improving the capacity of law enforce-ment and community leaders to enforce such rights; (4) to increase the capability of women and girls to fully exercise their rights, determine their life outcomes, assume leadership roles, and influence decision-making in house-holds, communities, and societies; and (5) to improve the access of women and girls to education, particularly higher edu-cation opportunities in business, finance, and management, in order to enhance finan-cial literacy and business development, man-agement, and strategy skills. (c) A
CTIONS .—In order to advance the pol-icy described in subsection (b), the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall ensure that— (1) strategies, projects, and activities of the Agency are shaped by a gender analysis; (2) standard indicators are used to assess such strategies, projects, and activities, if applicable; and (3) gender equality and female empower-ment are integrated throughout the Agen-cy’s program cycle and related processes for purposes of strategic planning, project de-sign and implementation, monitoring, and evaluation. 
SEC. 4. DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE FOR MICRO, SMALL, AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTER-PRISES. 
(a) F INDINGS AND POLICY .—Section 251 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and in-serting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized en-terprises’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and in the development’’ and inserting ‘‘, in the development’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.056 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10551 December 21, 2018 
(C) by inserting ‘‘, and in the economic em-powerment of the poor, especially women’’ before the period at the end; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and in-serting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized en-terprises’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, particularly enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women’’ before the period at the end; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘micro-enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘microen-terprise’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprise’’; (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘should continue’’ and in-serting ‘‘should continue and be expanded’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘microenterprise and microfinance development assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises’’; and (6) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘have been successful’’ and inserting ‘‘have had some success’’; (B) by striking ‘‘microenterprise programs should’’ and inserting ‘‘development assist-ance for micro, small, and medium-sized en-terprises should’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘, such as countries in Latin America’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION ; IMPLEMENTATION ; TAR-
GETED ASSISTANCE .—Section 252 of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘credit, savings, and other serv-ices to microfinance and microenterprise cli-ents’’ and inserting ‘‘credit, including the use of innovative credit scoring models, sav-ings, financial technology, financial literacy, education, insurance, property rights, and other services to micro, small, and medium- sized enterprise clients’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘micro-finance and microenterprise clients’’ and in-serting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized en-terprise clients, particularly clients owned, managed, and controlled by women’’; (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘micro-enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microen-terprise institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘finan-cial intermediaries’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘microfinance and micro-enterprise clients’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microen-terprise clients and institutions’’ and insert-ing ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enter-prises, financial intermediaries, and capital markets’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the poor and very poor.’’ and inserting ‘‘the poor and very poor, espe-cially women;’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) assistance for the purpose of pro-moting the economic empowerment of women, including through increased access to financial resources and improving prop-erty rights, inheritance rights, and other legal protections; and ‘‘(6) assistance for the purpose of scaling up evidence-based graduation approaches, which include targeting the very poor and households in ultra-poverty, consumption support, promotion of savings, financial lit-eracy, skills training, and asset transfers.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There is authorized to be established within the Agency an office to support the Agency’s efforts to broaden and deepen local financial markets, expand ac-cess to appropriate financial products and services, and support the development of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises. The Office shall be headed by a Director who shall possess technical expertise and ability to offer leadership in the field of financial sector development.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) U
SE OF CENTRAL FUNDING MECHA -
NISMS .—In order to ensure that assistance under this title is distributed effectively and efficiently, the office shall provide coordina-tion and support for field-implemented pro-grams, including through targeted core sup-port for micro, small, and medium-sized en-terprises and local financial markets.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, particularly by pro-tecting the use and funding of local organiza-tions in countries in which the Agency in-vests,’’ after ‘‘and sustainability’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘, especially women’’ after ‘‘the poor and very poor’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3); and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), 50 percent of all microenterprise resources’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) 50 percent of all micro, small, and me-dium-sized enterprise resources shall be tar-geted to activities that reach the very poor; and ‘‘(2) 50 percent of all small and medium- sized enterprise resources shall be targeted to activities that reach enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women.’’. (c) M
ONITORING SYSTEM .—Section 253(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211b(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing goals on a gender disaggregated basis, such as improvements in employment, ac-cess to financial services, education, enter-prise development, earnings and control over income, and property and land rights,’’ after ‘‘performance goals’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘include performance indicators to be used in meas-uring or assessing the achievement’’ and in-serting ‘‘incorporate Agency planning and reporting processes and indicators to meas-ure or assess the achievement’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (4). (d) P
OVERTY MEASUREMENT METHODS .—Sec- tion 254 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211c) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 254. POVERTY MEASUREMENT METHODS. 
‘‘The Administrator of the Agency, in con-sultation with financial intermediaries and other appropriate organizations, should have in place at least 1 method for implementing partners to use to assess poverty levels of their current incoming or prospective cli-ents.’’. (e) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—Section 255 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211d) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘assistance for microenter-prise development assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and, to the extent applica-ble’’ and all that follows and inserting a pe-riod. (f) M
ICROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT CRED-
ITS.—Section 256 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2212) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
MI-
CROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT CREDITS ’’ and inserting ‘‘DEVELOPMENT CREDITS FOR MICRO , 
SMALL , AND MEDIUM -SIZED ENTERPRISES ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘micro- and small enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘micro-enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘microenterprise households lacking full access to credit’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises and households lacking full access to credit and other financial services’’; and (B) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘microfinance institutions’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘financial inter-mediaries’’; (4) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘micro-finance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘finan-cial intermediaries’’; and (5) in subsections (c) and (d), by striking ‘‘microenterprise households’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises and households’’. (g) U
NITED STATES MICROFINANCE LOANFA-
CILITY .—Section 257 of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2213) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Administrator’’ and in-serting ‘‘President’’; (B) by striking ‘‘United States-supported microfinance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘United States-supported financial inter-mediaries’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘United States-supported microfinance institutions’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘United States-supported financial inter-mediaries’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘micro-finance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘finan-cial intermediaries’’. (h) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—Section 258(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2214(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—To the extent practicable, the report submitted under subsection (a) should contain the following: ‘‘(1) Information about assistance provided under section 252, including— ‘‘(A) the amount of each grant or other form of assistance; ‘‘(B) the name and type of each inter-mediary and implementing partner organiza-tion receiving assistance; ‘‘(C) the name of each country receiving assistance; and ‘‘(D) the methodology used to ensure com-pliance with the targeted assistance require-ments under subsection (c) of such section. ‘‘(2) The percentage of assistance provided under section 252, disaggregated by income level, including for the very poor, and by gender. ‘‘(3) The estimated number of individuals that received assistance under section 252, disaggregated by income level (or an appro-priate proxy for income level, including for the very poor), by gender, and by type of as-sistance. ‘‘(4) The results of the monitoring system required under section 253. ‘‘(5) Information about any method in place to assess poverty levels under section 254.’’. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 259 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2214a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Com-mittee on International Relations of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.044 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10552 December 21, 2018 
‘‘Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘micro-enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises’’; (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘mi-croenterprise institution’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small, or medium-sized enterprise institution’’; and (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘microfinance institution’’ and inserting ‘‘fi-nancial intermediary’’; (4) by striking paragraphs (7) and (8) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) M
ICRO, SMALL , AND MEDIUM -SIZED EN -
TERPRISE INSTITUTION .—The term ‘micro, small, and medium-sized enterprise institu-tion’ means an entity that provides services, including finance, training, or business de-velopment services, for micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises in foreign coun-tries. ‘‘(8) F
INANCIAL INTERMEDIARY .—The term ‘financial intermediary’ means the entity that acts as the intermediary between par-ties in a financial transaction, such as a bank, credit union, investment fund, a vil-lage savings and loan group, or an institu-tion that provides financial services to a micro, small, or medium-sized enterprise.’’; (5) by striking paragraph (9); (6) by redesignating paragraphs (10) through (14) as paragraphs (9) through (13), respectively; (7) in paragraph (9), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘of microenterprise development’’; (8) by amending paragraph (10), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(10) P
RACTITIONER INSTITUTION .—The term ‘practitioner institution’ means a not-for- profit entity, a financial intermediary, an in-formation and communications technology firm with a mobile money platform, a village and savings loan group, or any other entity that provides financial or business develop-ment services authorized under section 252 that benefits micro, small, and medium-sized enterprise clients.’’; (9) in paragraph (12), as redesignated— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘U
NITED STATES -SUPPORTED MICROFINANCE IN -
STITUTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘U NITED STATES - 
SUPPORTED FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United States-supported microfinance institution’’ and inserting ‘‘United States-supported financial inter-mediary’’; and (10) in paragraph (13), as redesignated, by amending subparagraph (B) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(B) living below the international poverty line (as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International Development Association (col-lectively referred to as the ‘World Bank’)).’’. (j) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Title VI of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211 et seq.) is amended in the title heading by striking ‘‘MICROENTERPRISE DEVELOP-MENT ASSISTANCE’’ and inserting ‘‘DE-VELOPMENT ASSISTANCE FOR MICRO, SMALL, AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTER-PRISES’’. 
SEC. 5. REPORT AND BRIEFING BY THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall provide a briefing and submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate regarding the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, including ac-tions to improve the gender policies of the United States Agency for International De-velopment pursuant to section 3. (b) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall be posted and made available on a text-based, search-able, and publicly-available internet website. 
SEC. 6. REPORT BY THE COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate regarding development assistance for micro, small, and medium- sized enterprises administered by the United States Agency for International Develop-ment. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the following: (1) What is known about the impact of such development assistance on the economies of developing countries. (2) The extent to which such development assistance is targeting women and the very poor, including what is known about how such development assistance benefits women. (3) The extent to which the United States Agency for International Development has developed a methodology to ensure compli-ance with the targeted assistance require-ment under section 252(c) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961, as amended by section 4(b)(3), and the quality of such methodology. (4) The monitoring system required under section 253(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended by section 4(c), including the quality, appropriateness, and feasibility of such monitoring system. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 3247, the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Em-powerment Act, passed the Senate unanimously. It is the Senate version of H.R. 5480, my bill, which this body passed on July 17 of this year. It is an important bipartisan, bicameral bill that would expand women’s access to finance and inclusion in the formal economy in emerging markets around this globe. I thank Jessica Kelch, Andy Taylor, and Meghan Gallagher for their expert contributions to this bill and on this issue. Mr. Speaker, this bill deserves our unanimous support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. This is a bipartisan bill that aims to empower women economically by targeting United States develop-ment assistance to women-owned small- and medium-sized businesses. As the gentleman from California pointed out, he is the sponsor of the companion bill in the House. This legislation passed the Senate unanimously, and is the companion of H.R. 5480. I urge Members to join me in supporting it. Before I yield back, Mr. Speaker, I just want to say something, since this is probably the last time we will have a chance to debate, the chairman and myself, in this Congress. I have served as ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee for the past 6 years, and in the new Congress will become the chairman of the committee. The gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) has served as the chairman for 6 years. I can tell you that there is no better role model than E
DROYCE . The bipartisan work we have done together has really made a difference in people’s lives all around the globe. Mr. R
OYCE has been a chairman extraordinaire. We have always oper-ated under the premise that, when it comes to foreign policy, partisanship should stop at the water’s edge. And that is what we have really tried to do. I want all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to know that I could not be more effusive in praise of the chairman, the gentleman from Cali-fornia. It has been an honor and a pleasure serving with the gentleman and being his friend. I cannot think of anyone doing a better job than he has done for the past 6 years. I hope he will come back and visit. Whenever I have a question to think about what I will do as chairman in the next Congress, I would think about what my friend, E
DROYCE , would do. Then I know I can’t go wrong. Mr. ROYCE of California. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ENGEL. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to thank Mr. E
NGEL of New York for his friendship for over 20 years on the committee, but also for his shared leadership over the last 6 years on this committee. I would also like to thank him for his commitment over the years and for his focus on American values and spreading those values around the globe. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I wish the gentleman Godspeed. I know we will be in touch. We have been a good team. It has been great. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3247. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.044 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10553 December 21, 2018 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION AND MODERNIZATION ACT Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 512) to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 512 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation and Mod-ernization Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Purpose. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTORS AND USER FEES Sec. 101. Nuclear Regulatory Commission user fees and annual charges through fiscal year 2020. Sec. 102. Nuclear Regulatory Commission user fees and annual charges for fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter. Sec. 103. Advanced nuclear reactor program. Sec. 104. Baffle-former bolt guidance. Sec. 105. Evacuation report. Sec. 106. Encouraging private investment in research and test reactors. Sec. 107. Commission report on accident tol-erant fuel. Sec. 108. Report identifying best practices for establishment and operation of local community advisory boards. Sec. 109. Report on study recommendations. TITLE II—URANIUM Sec. 201. Uranium recovery report. Sec. 202. Pilot program for uranium recov-ery fees. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to provide— (1) a program to develop the expertise and regulatory processes necessary to allow in-novation and the commercialization of ad-vanced nuclear reactors; (2) a revised fee recovery structure to en-sure the availability of resources to meet in-dustry needs without burdening existing li-censees unfairly for inaccurate workload projections or premature existing reactor closures; and (3) more efficient regulation of uranium re-covery. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR .—The term ‘‘advanced nuclear reactor’’ means a nuclear fission or fusion reactor, including a proto-type plant (as defined in sections 50.2 and 52.1 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act)), with significant improvements com-pared to commercial nuclear reactors under construction as of the date of enactment of this Act, including improvements such as— (A) additional inherent safety features; (B) significantly lower levelized cost of electricity; (C) lower waste yields; (D) greater fuel utilization; (E) enhanced reliability; (F) increased proliferation resistance; (G) increased thermal efficiency; or (H) ability to integrate into electric and nonelectric applications. (2) ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR FUEL .—The term ‘‘advanced nuclear reactor fuel’’ means fuel for use in an advanced nuclear reactor or a research and test reactor, including fuel with a low uranium enrichment level of not greater than 20 percent. (3) A
GREEMENT STATE .—The term ‘‘Agree-ment State’’ means any State with which the Commission has entered into an effective agreement under section 274 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2021(b)). (4) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. (5) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. (6) C
ONCEPTUAL DESIGN ASSESSMENT .—The term ‘‘conceptual design assessment’’ means an early-stage review by the Commission that— (A) assesses preliminary design informa-tion for consistency with applicable regu-latory requirements of the Commission; (B) is performed on a set of topic areas agreed to in the licensing project plan; and (C) is performed at a cost and schedule agreed to in the licensing project plan. (7) C
ORPORATE SUPPORT COSTS .—The term ‘‘corporate support costs’’ means expendi-tures for acquisitions, administrative serv-ices, financial management, human resource management, information management, in-formation technology, policy support, out-reach, and training, as those categories are described and calculated in Appendix A of the Congressional Budget Justification for Fiscal Year 2018 of the Commission. (8) L
ICENSING PROJECT PLAN .—The term ‘‘li-censing project plan’’ means a plan that de-scribes— (A) the interactions between an applicant and the Commission; and (B) project schedules and deliverables in specific detail to support long-range resource planning undertaken by the Commission and an applicant. (9) R
EGULATORY FRAMEWORK .—The term ‘‘regulatory framework’’ means the frame-work for reviewing requests for certifi-cations, permits, approvals, and licenses for nuclear reactors. (10) R
EQUESTED ACTIVITY OF THE COMMIS -
SION.—The term ‘‘requested activity of the Commission’’ means— (A) the processing of applications for— (i) design certifications or approvals; (ii) licenses; (iii) permits; (iv) license amendments; (v) license renewals; (vi) certificates of compliance; and (vii) power uprates; and (B) any other activity requested by a li-censee or applicant. (11) R
ESEARCH AND TEST REACTOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘research and test reactor’’ means a reactor that— (i) falls within the licensing and related regulatory authority of the Commission under section 202 of the Energy Reorganiza-tion Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5842); and (ii) is useful in the conduct of research and development activities as licensed under sec-tion 104 c. of the Atomic Energy Act (42 U.S.C. 2134(c)). (B) EXCLUSION .—The term ‘‘research and test reactor’’ does not include a commercial nuclear reactor. (12) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. (13) S
TANDARD DESIGN APPROVAL .—The term ‘‘standard design approval’’ means the approval of a final standard design or a major portion of a final design standard as described in subpart E of part 52 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (14) T
ECHNOLOGY -INCLUSIVE REGULATORY  
FRAMEWORK .—The term ‘‘technology-inclu-sive regulatory framework’’ means a regu-latory framework developed using methods of evaluation that are flexible and prac-ticable for application to a variety of reactor technologies, including, where appropriate, the use of risk-informed and performance- based techniques and other tools and meth-ods. (15) T
OPICAL REPORT .—The term ‘‘topical report’’ means a document submitted to the Commission that addresses a technical topic related to nuclear reactor safety or design. TITLE I—ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTORS AND USER FEES 
SEC. 101. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION USER FEES AND ANNUAL CHARGES THROUGH FISCAL YEAR 2020. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6101(c)(2)(A) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 2214(c)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) amounts appropriated to the Commis-sion for the fiscal year for activities related to the development of regulatory infrastruc-ture for advanced nuclear reactor tech-nologies, including activities required under section 103 of the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act.’’. (b) R
EPEAL .—Effective October 1, 2020, sec-tion 6101 of the Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 2214) is repealed. 
SEC. 102. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION USER FEES AND ANNUAL CHARGES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2021 AND EACH FISCAL YEAR THEREAFTER. 
(a) A NNUAL BUDGET JUSTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the annual budget jus-tification submitted by the Commission to Congress, the Commission shall expressly identify anticipated expenditures necessary for completion of the requested activities of the Commission anticipated to occur during the applicable fiscal year. (2) R
ESTRICTION .—Budget authority grant-ed to the Commission for purposes of the re-quested activities of the Commission shall be used, to the maximum extent practicable, solely for conducting requested activities of the Commission. (3) L
IMITATION ON CORPORATE SUPPORT  
COSTS .—With respect to the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, cor-porate support costs, to the maximum extent practicable, shall not exceed the following percentages of the total budget authority of the Commission requested in the annual budget justification: (A) 30 percent for each of fiscal years 2021 and 2022. (B) 29 percent for each of fiscal years 2023 and 2024. (C) 28 percent for fiscal year 2025 and each fiscal year thereafter. (b) F
EES AND CHARGES .— (1) A
NNUAL ASSESSMENT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.058 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10554 December 21, 2018 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each fiscal year, the Commission shall assess and collect fees and charges in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) in a manner that ensures that, to the maximum extent practicable, the amount as-sessed and collected is equal to an amount that approximates— (i) the total budget authority of the Com-mission for that fiscal year; less (ii) the budget authority of the Commis-sion for the activities described in subpara-graph (B). (B) E
XCLUDED ACTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) are the following: (i) Any fee relief activity, as identified by the Commission. (ii) Amounts appropriated for a fiscal year to the Commission— (I) from the Nuclear Waste Fund estab-lished under section 302(c) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10222(c)); (II) for implementation of section 3116 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2601 note; Public Law 108–375); (III) for the homeland security activities of the Commission (other than for the costs of fingerprinting and background checks re-quired under section 149 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2169) and the costs of conducting security inspections); (IV) for the Inspector General services of the Commission provided to the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board; (V) for research and development at uni-versities in areas relevant to the mission of the Commission; and (VI) for a nuclear science and engineering grant program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with pro-grammatic missions but are critical to main-taining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering. (iii) Costs for activities related to the de-velopment of regulatory infrastructure for advanced nuclear reactor technologies, in-cluding activities required under section 103. (C) E
XCEPTION .—The exclusion described in subparagraph (B)(iii) shall cease to be effec-tive on January 1, 2031. (D) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2029, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report describing the views of the Commis-sion on the continued appropriateness and necessity of the funding described in sub-paragraph (B)(iii). (2) F
EES FOR SERVICE OR THING OF VALUE .— In accordance with section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, the Commission shall assess and collect fees from any person who receives a service or thing of value from the Commission to cover the costs to the Com-mission of providing the service or thing of value. (3) A
NNUAL CHARGES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B) and except as provided in subparagraph (D), the Commission may charge to any li-censee or certificate holder of the Commis-sion an annual charge in addition to the fees assessed and collected under paragraph (2). (B) C
AP ON ANNUAL CHARGES OF CERTAIN LI -
CENSEES .— (i) O
PERATING REACTORS .—The annual charge under subparagraph (A) charged to an operating reactor licensee, to the maximum extent practicable, shall not exceed the an-nual fee amount per operating reactor li-censee established in the final rule of the Commission entitled ‘‘Revision of Fee Sched-ules; Fee Recovery for Fiscal Year 2015’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37432 (June 30, 2015)), as may be ad-justed annually by the Commission to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor. (ii) WAIVER .—The Commission may waive, for a period of 1 year, the cap on annual charges described in clause (i) if the Commis-sion submits to the Committee on Appro-priations and the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a written deter-mination that the cap on annual charges may compromise the safety and security mission of the Commission. (C) A
MOUNT PER LICENSEE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall es-tablish by rule a schedule of annual charges fairly and equitably allocating the aggregate amount of charges described in subparagraph (A) among licensees and certificate holders. (ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—The schedule of annual charges under clause (i)— (I) to the maximum extent practicable, shall be reasonably related to the cost of providing regulatory services; and (II) may be based on the allocation of the resources of the Commission among licens-ees or certificate holders or classes of licens-ees or certificate holders. (D) E
XEMPTION .— (i) D
EFINITION OF RESEARCH REACTOR .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘‘research reac-tor’’ means a nuclear reactor that— (I) is licensed by the Commission under section 104 c. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2134(c)) for operation at a thermal power level of not more than 10 megawatts; and (II) if licensed under subclause (I) for oper-ation at a thermal power level of more than 1 megawatt, does not contain— (aa) a circulating loop through the core in which the licensee conducts fuel experi-ments; (bb) a liquid fuel loading; or (cc) an experimental facility in the core in excess of 16 square inches in cross-section. (ii) E
XEMPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the holder of any license for a federally owned research reactor used pri-marily for educational training and aca-demic research purposes. (c) P
ERFORMANCE AND REPORTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall develop for the requested activities of the Commission— (A) performance metrics; and (B) milestone schedules. (2) D
ELAYS IN ISSUANCE OF FINAL SAFETY  
EVALUATION .—The Executive Director for Op-erations of the Commission shall inform the Commission of a delay in issuance of the final safety evaluation for a requested activ-ity of the Commission by the completion date required by the performance metrics or milestone schedule under paragraph (1) by not later than 30 days after the completion date. (3) D
ELAYS IN ISSUANCE OF FINAL SAFETY  
EVALUATION EXCEEDING 180 DAYS .—If the final safety evaluation for the requested activity of the Commission described in paragraph (2) is not completed by the date that is 180 days after the completion date required by the performance metrics or milestone schedule under paragraph (1), the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a timely report describing the delay, including a detailed explanation ac-counting for the delay and a plan for timely completion of the final safety evaluation. (d) A
CCURATE INVOICING .—With respect to invoices for fees described in subsection (b)(2), the Commission shall— (1) ensure appropriate review and approval prior to the issuance of invoices; (2) develop and implement processes to audit invoices to ensure accuracy, trans-parency, and fairness; and (3) modify regulations to ensure fair and appropriate processes to provide licensees and applicants an opportunity to efficiently dispute or otherwise seek review and correc-tion of errors in invoices for those fees. (e) REPORT .—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report describing the implementation of this section, including any impacts and rec-ommendations for improvement. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Except as provided in subsection (c), this section takes effect on October 1, 2020. 
SEC. 103. ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR PRO-GRAM. 
(a) L ICENSING .— (1) S
TAGED LICENSING .—For the purpose of predictable, efficient, and timely reviews, not later than 270 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commission shall develop and implement, within the existing regulatory framework, strategies for— (A) establishing stages in the licensing process for commercial advanced nuclear re-actors; and (B) developing procedures and processes for— (i) using a licensing project plan; and (ii) optional use of a conceptual design as-sessment. (2) R
ISK-INFORMED LICENSING .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall develop and implement, where appropriate, strategies for the increased use of risk-informed, perform-ance-based licensing evaluation techniques and guidance for commercial advanced nu-clear reactors within the existing regulatory framework, including evaluation techniques and guidance for the resolution of the fol-lowing: (A) Applicable policy issues identified dur-ing the course of review by the Commission of a commercial advanced nuclear reactor li-censing application. (B) The issues described in SECY–93–092 and SECY–15–077, including— (i) licensing basis event selection and eval-uation; (ii) source terms; (iii) containment performance; and (iv) emergency preparedness. (3) R
ESEARCH AND TEST REACTOR LICENS -
ING.—For the purpose of predictable, effi-cient, and timely reviews, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall develop and im-plement strategies within the existing regu-latory framework for licensing research and test reactors, including the issuance of guid-ance. (4) T
ECHNOLOGY -INCLUSIVE REGULATORY  
FRAMEWORK .—Not later than December 31, 2027, the Commission shall complete a rule-making to establish a technology-inclusive, regulatory framework for optional use by commercial advanced nuclear reactor appli-cants for new reactor license applications. (5) T
RAINING AND EXPERTISE .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall provide for staff training or the hiring of experts, as nec-essary— (A) to support the activities described in paragraphs (1) through (4); and (B) to support preparations— (i) to conduct pre-application interactions; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.040 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10555 December 21, 2018 
(ii) to review commercial advanced nuclear reactor license applications. (6) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Commission to carry out this subsection $14,420,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024. (b) R
EPORT TOESTABLISH STAGES IN THE  C
OMMERCIAL ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR LI-
CENSING PROCESS .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report for expediting and establishing stages in the li-censing process for commercial advanced nu-clear reactors that will allow implementa-tion of the licensing process by not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘report’’). (2) C
OORDINATION AND STAKEHOLDER  
INPUT .—In developing the report, the Com-mission shall seek input from the Secretary, the nuclear energy industry, a diverse set of technology developers, and other public stakeholders. (3) C
OST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATES .—The re- port shall include proposed cost estimates, budgets, and timeframes for implementing strategies to establish stages in the licensing process for commercial advanced nuclear re-actor technologies. (4) R
EQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Consistent with the role of the Commission in pro-tecting public health and safety and common defense and security, the report shall evalu-ate— (A)(i) the unique aspects of commercial ad-vanced nuclear reactor licensing, including the use of alternative coolants, operation at or near atmospheric pressure, and the use of passive safety strategies; (ii) strategies for the qualification of ad-vanced nuclear reactor fuel, including the use of computer modeling and simulation and experimental validation; and (iii) for the purposes of predictable, effi-cient, and timely reviews, any associated legal, regulatory, and policy issues the Com-mission should address with regard to the li-censing of commercial advanced nuclear re-actor technologies; (B) options for licensing commercial ad-vanced nuclear reactors under the regula-tions of the Commission contained in title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), includ-ing— (i) the development and use under the reg-ulatory framework of the Commission in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act of a licensing project plan that could estab-lish— (I) milestones that— (aa) correspond to stages of a licensing process for the specific situation of a com-mercial advanced nuclear reactor project; and (bb) use knowledge of the ability of the Commission to review certain design as-pects; and (II) guidelines defining the roles and re-sponsibilities between the Commission and the applicant at the onset of the inter-action— (aa) to provide the foundation for effective communication and effective project man-agement; and (bb) to ensure efficient progress; (ii) the use of topical reports, standard de-sign approval, and other appropriate mecha-nisms as tools to introduce stages into the commercial advanced nuclear reactor licens-ing process, including how the licensing project plan might structure the use of those mechanisms; (iii) collaboration with standards-setting organizations to identify specific technical areas for which new or updated standards are needed and providing assistance if appro-priate to ensure the new or updated stand-ards are developed and finalized in a timely fashion; (iv) the incorporation of consensus-based codes and standards developed under clause (iii) into the regulatory framework— (I) to provide predictability for the regu-latory processes of the Commission; and (II) to ensure timely completion of specific licensing actions; (v) the development of a process for, and the use of, conceptual design assessments; and (vi) identification of any policies and guid-ance for staff that will be needed to imple-ment clauses (i) and (ii); (C) options for improving the efficiency, timeliness, and cost-effectiveness of licens-ing reviews of commercial advanced nuclear reactors, including opportunities to mini-mize the delays that may result from any necessary amendment or supplement to an application; (D) options for improving the predict-ability of the commercial advanced nuclear reactor licensing process, including the eval-uation of opportunities to improve the proc-ess by which application review milestones are established and met; and (E) the extent to which Commission action or modification of policy is needed to imple-ment any part of the report. (c) R
EPORT TOINCREASE THE USE OF RISK- I
NFORMED AND PERFORMANCE -BASED EVALUA -
TION TECHNIQUES AND REGULATORY GUID-
ANCE .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report for increasing, where appropriate, the use of risk-informed and performance-based evalua-tion techniques and regulatory guidance in licensing commercial advanced nuclear reac-tors within the existing regulatory frame-work (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘report’’). (2) C
OORDINATION AND STAKEHOLDER  
INPUT .—In developing the report, the Com-mission shall seek input from the Secretary, the nuclear energy industry, technology de-velopers, and other public stakeholders. (3) C
OST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATE .—The re- port shall include proposed cost estimates, budgets, and timeframes for implementing a strategy to increase the use of risk-informed and performance-based evaluation tech-niques and regulatory guidance in licensing commercial advanced nuclear reactors. (4) R
EQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Consistent with the role of the Commission in pro-tecting public health and safety and common defense and security, the report shall evalu-ate— (A) the ability of the Commission to de-velop and implement, where appropriate, risk-informed and performance-based licens-ing evaluation techniques and guidance for commercial advanced nuclear reactors with-in existing regulatory frameworks not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, including policies and guidance for the resolution of— (i) issues relating to— (I) licensing basis event selection and eval-uation; (II) use of mechanistic source terms; (III) containment performance; (IV) emergency preparedness; and (V) the qualification of advanced nuclear reactor fuel; and (ii) other policy issues previously identi-fied; and (B) the extent to which Commission action is needed to implement any part of the re-port. (d) REPORT TOPREPARE THE RESEARCH AND  T
ESTREACTOR LICENSING PROCESS .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report for preparing the licensing process for research and test reactors within the existing regu-latory framework (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘‘report’’). (2) C
OORDINATION AND STAKEHOLDER  
INPUT .—In developing the report, the Com-mission shall seek input from the Secretary, the nuclear energy industry, a diverse set of technology developers, and other public stakeholders. (3) C
OST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATES .—The re- port shall include proposed cost estimates, budgets, and timeframes for preparing the li-censing process for research and test reac-tors. (4) R
EQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Consistent with the role of the Commission in pro-tecting public health and safety and common defense and security, the report shall evalu-ate— (A) the unique aspects of research and test reactor licensing and any associated legal, regulatory, and policy issues the Commis-sion should address to prepare the licensing process for research and test reactors; (B) the feasibility of developing guidelines for advanced reactor demonstrations and prototypes to support the review process for advanced reactors designs, including designs that use alternative coolants or alternative fuels, operate at or near atmospheric pres-sure, and use passive safety strategies; and (C) the extent to which Commission action or modification of policy is needed to imple-ment any part of the report. (e) R
EPORT TOCOMPLETE A RULEMAKING TO E
STABLISH A TECHNOLOGY -INCLUSIVE REGU-
LATORY FRAMEWORK FOR OPTIONAL USE BY  C
OMMERCIAL ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR  T
ECHNOLOGIES IN NEWREACTOR LICENSE AP-
PLICATIONS AND TOENHANCE COMMISSION EX-
PERTISE RELATING TO ADVANCED NUCLEAR RE-
ACTOR TECHNOLOGIES .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘re-port’’) for— (A) completing a rulemaking to establish a technology-inclusive regulatory framework for optional use by applicants in licensing commercial advanced nuclear reactor tech-nologies in new reactor license applications; and (B) ensuring that the Commission has ade-quate expertise, modeling, and simulation capabilities, or access to those capabilities, to support the evaluation of commercial ad-vanced reactor license applications, includ-ing the qualification of advanced nuclear re-actor fuel. (2) C
OORDINATION AND STAKEHOLDER  
INPUT .—In developing the report, the Com-mission shall seek input from the Secretary, the nuclear energy industry, a diverse set of technology developers, and other public stakeholders. (3) C
OST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATE .—The re- port shall include proposed cost estimates, budgets, and timeframes for developing and implementing a technology-inclusive regu-latory framework for licensing commercial advanced nuclear reactor technologies, in-cluding completion of a rulemaking. (4) R
EQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Consistent with the role of the Commission in pro-tecting public health and safety and common 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.040 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10556 December 21, 2018 
defense and security, the report shall evalu-ate— (A) the ability of the Commission to com-plete a rulemaking to establish a tech-nology-inclusive regulatory framework for licensing commercial advanced nuclear reac-tor technologies by December 31, 2027; (B) the extent to which additional legisla-tion, or Commission action or modification of policy, is needed to implement any part of the new regulatory framework; (C) the need for additional Commission ex-pertise, modeling, and simulation capabili-ties, or access to those capabilities, to sup-port the evaluation of licensing applications for commercial advanced nuclear reactors and research and test reactors, including ap-plications that use alternative coolants or alternative fuels, operate at or near atmos-pheric pressure, and use passive safety strat-egies; and (D) the budgets and timeframes for acquir-ing or accessing the necessary expertise to support the evaluation of license applica-tions for commercial advanced nuclear reac-tors and research and test reactors. 
SEC. 104. BAFFLE-FORMER BOLT GUIDANCE. 
(a) R EVISIONS TO GUIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall publish any nec-essary revisions to the guidance on the base-line examination schedule and subsequent examination frequency for baffle-former bolts in pressurized water reactors with down-flow configurations. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees— (1) a report explaining any revisions made to the guidance described in subsection (a); or (2) if no revisions were made, a report ex-plaining why the guidance, as in effect on the date of submission of the report, is suffi-cient. 
SEC. 105. EVACUATION REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describ-ing the actions the Commission has taken, or plans to take, to consider lessons learned since September 11, 2001, Superstorm Sandy, Fukushima, and other recent natural disas-ters regarding directed or spontaneous evac-uations in densely populated urban and sub-urban areas. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall— (1) describe the actions of the Commis-sion— (A) to consider the results from— (i) the State-of-the-Art Reactor Con-sequence Analyses project; and (ii) the current examination by the Com-mission of emergency planning zones for small modular reactors and advanced nu-clear reactors; and (B) to monitor international reviews, in-cluding reviews conducted by— (i) the United Nations Scientific Com-mittee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation; (ii) the World Health Organization; and (iii) the Fukushima Health Management Survey; and (2) with respect to a disaster similar to a disaster described in subsection (a), include information about— (A) potential shadow evacuations in re-sponse to the disaster; and (B) what levels of self-evacuation should be expected during the disaster, including out-side the 10-mile evacuation zone. (c) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—The report under subsection (a) shall be prepared after consultation with— (1) the Federal Radiological Preparedness Coordinating Committee; (2) State emergency planning officials from States that the Commission determines to be relevant to the report; and (3) experts in analyzing human behavior and probable responses to a radiological emission event. SEC. 106. ENCOURAGING PRIVATE INVESTMENT IN RESEARCH AND TEST REACTORS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to encourage private investment in re-search and test reactors. (b) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 104 c. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2134(c)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘and which are not facilities of the type specified in subsection 104 b.’’ and inserting a period; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Commission is authorized to issue li-censes under this section for utilization fa-cilities useful in the conduct of research and development activities of the types specified in section 31 in which the licensee sells re-search and testing services and energy to others, subject to the condition that the li-censee shall recover not more than 75 per-cent of the annual costs to the licensee of owning and operating the facility through sales of nonenergy services, energy, or both, other than research and development or edu-cation and training, of which not more than 50 percent may be through sales of energy.’’. 
SEC. 107. COMMISSION REPORT ON ACCIDENT TOLERANT FUEL. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ACCIDENT TOLERANT  F
UEL.—In this section, the term ‘‘accident tolerant fuel’’ means a new technology that— (1) makes an existing commercial nuclear reactor more resistant to a nuclear incident (as defined in section 11 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014)); and (2) lowers the cost of electricity over the licensed lifetime of an existing commercial nuclear reactor. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Congress a report describing the status of the licensing process of the Commission for accident toler-ant fuel. 
SEC. 108. REPORT IDENTIFYING BEST PRACTICES FOR ESTABLISHMENT AND OPER-ATION OF LOCAL COMMUNITY ADVI-SORY BOARDS. 
(a) B EST PRACTICES REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Congress, and make publicly available, a re-port identifying best practices with respect to the establishment and operation of a local community advisory board to foster commu-nication and information exchange between a licensee planning for and involved in de-commissioning activities and members of the community that decommissioning ac-tivities may affect, including lessons learned from any such board in existence before the date of enactment of this Act. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of— (A) the topics that could be brought before a local community advisory board; (B) how such a board’s input could be used to inform the decision-making processes of stakeholders for various decommissioning activities; (C) what interactions such a board could have with the Commission and other Federal regulatory bodies to support the board mem-bers’ overall understanding of the decommis-sioning process and promote dialogue be-tween the affected stakeholders and the li-censee involved in decommissioning activi-ties; and (D) how such a board could offer opportuni-ties for public engagement throughout all phases of the decommissioning process; (2) a discussion of the composition of a local community advisory board; and (3) best practices relating to the establish-ment and operation of a local community ad-visory board, including— (A) the time of establishment of such a board; (B) the frequency of meetings of such a board; (C) the selection of board members; (D) the term of board members; (E) the responsibility for logistics required to support such a board’s meetings and other routine activities; and (F) any other best practices relating to such a local community advisory board that are identified by the Commission. (c) CONSULTATION .—In developing the re-port described under subsection (a), the Com-mission shall consult with any host State, any community within the emergency plan-ning zone of an applicable nuclear power re-actor, and any existing local community ad-visory board. (d) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The consultation required under subsection (c) shall include public meetings. (2) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—The public meetings under paragraph (1) shall be con-ducted under the requirements applicable to category 3 meetings under the policy state-ment of the Commission entitled ‘‘Enhanc-ing Public Participation in NRC Meetings; Policy Statement’’ (67 Fed. Reg. 36920 (May 28, 2002)) (or a successor policy statement). (3) N
UMBER OF MEETINGS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall conduct not less than 10 public meetings under paragraph (1) in locations that ensure geographic diversity across the United States. (B) P
RIORITY .—In determining locations in which to conduct a public meeting under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall give priority to States that— (i) have a nuclear power reactor currently undergoing the decommissioning process; and (ii) request a public meeting under this paragraph. (4) W
RITTEN SUMMARY .—The report under subsection (a) shall include a written sum-mary of the public meetings conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 109. REPORT ON STUDY RECOMMENDA-TIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Congress a report describing the status of addressing and implementing the recommendations contained in the memo-randum of the Executive Director of Oper-ations of the Commission entitled ‘‘Tasking in Response to the Assessment of the Consid-erations Identified in a ‘Study of Reprisal and Chilling Effect for Raising Mission-Re-lated Concerns and Differing Views at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’’’ and dated June 19, 2018 (ADAMS Accession No.: ML18165A296). TITLE II—URANIUM 
SEC. 201. URANIUM RECOVERY REPORT. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing— (1) the duration of uranium recovery li-cense issuance and amendment reviews; and (2) recommendations to improve efficiency and transparency of uranium recovery li-cense issuance and amendment reviews. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.040 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10557 December 21, 2018 
SEC. 202. PILOT PROGRAM FOR URANIUM RECOV-ERY FEES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commission shall— (1) complete a voluntary pilot initiative to determine the feasibility of the establish-ment of a flat fee structure for routine li-censing matters relating to uranium recov-ery; and (2) provide to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report describing the re-sults of the pilot initiative under paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. K
INZINGER ) and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 512 makes targeted, commonsense reforms to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s fee struc-ture. The current fee structure threat-ens to unnecessarily increase the Na-tion’s nuclear fleet, including the four plants I am so proud to represent in Il-linois. This bipartisan bill will ensure trans-parency, predictability, and fairness in the regulatory process, which will help keep the United States as the global leader of clean, safe, and reliable nu-clear power. This bill reflects thoughtful bipar-tisan and bicameral consensus on what is needed for a robust nuclear industry going forward, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in voting to enact these important reforms into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the oppor-tunity to speak about S. 512, the Nu-clear Energy Innovation and Mod-ernization Act. This legislation contains language from H.R. 1320, the Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act, or NUKE Act, that I introduced in the House with my colleague, Representative A
DAM K
INZINGER . The NUKE Act passed the House in September, and I am glad to see that the Senate has also supported these important priorities for the nu-clear industry. I would like to thank Senators Bar-rasso and Whitehouse for introducing this legislation in the Senate, and I want to thank my friend, Representa-tive K
INZINGER , for working together to advance the NUKE Act in the House. This legislation is very timely, as the nuclear industry is facing pressure from a variety of factors. Ensuring clarity and reliability for the industry will be an important step, and I believe this legislation accomplishes those goals. Mr. Speaker, before I conclude, I would like note that my colleague, Representative GENEGREEN , a cospon-sor of the NUKE Act is retiring at the end of this Congress. I want to com-mend Mr. G
REEN for his service to the people of Texas, and I want to wish him the best in his retirement. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. I
SSA). Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee for giving me an opportunity to, one, speak in support of this bill; and, two, take just a couple of minutes to say what is wrong with this body on one bill that you won’t see here today. Back in January, 2 years ago, H.R. 170, one of the first bills to be dropped, was put into the hopper. It was a bipar-tisan bill that came from the previous Congress and was dropped on the first day. H.R. 170 would reform, after more than two decades, the H1B immigration system, which is broken. Today, more people come in under H1B who are not necessary, not qualified, and not, in fact, in short supply any more than any other nanny, housekeeper, or per-son just to do basic work. The system has been hijacked because it has not been reformed. More than two decades ago, exemptions were placed in if you paid $60,000. b1115 Mr. Speaker, $60,000 was a lot of money in the 1990s, probably not enough for the highest high-tech work-er, but pretty good for a brand-new graduate with a master’s degree in the STEM field. Today, we find ourselves, again and again and again, seeing stories about organizations like the University of California-San Francisco, Abbott Labs, and Southern California Edison that hire people who come from other coun-tries, almost exclusively from India, and take away American jobs. We see time and time again the Americans having to train them, be-cause they don’t actually know how to do the jobs. And, yes, they are making $60,001. This needed to be fixed, and I com-mend the members of the Judiciary Committee, both majority and minor-ity, because we worked together on a bipartisan bill and passed it unani-mously nearly a year ago. And for a year, we asked for a suspension vote. In these last days, perhaps the last day that I will stand on the floor, I have watched more than 20 bills come across. Some of them are pretty impor-tant and noncontroversial; some of them are postal namings and room namings. The fact is that House leadership on my side of the aisle is responsible for holding back a bill that was needed, that the President would have gladly signed, that he even spoke about to the tech community while he was running for office, that was worked out in a sit-uation in which many companies weren’t thrilled with the reform, but they knew it was needed. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to vote for the bill that is before us, but H.R. 170 will not see the light of day from my Republican colleagues. Rather, I will call on the new Democratic majority to do what Republicans were not allowed to do. Let there be no doubt: It would have passed overwhelmingly, perhaps unanimously, on the floor. But if it is not brought up by a new Member and brought to the floor in the first few days, we as a body will be fur-ther diminished for having something we know is needed, having something we know was desired and worked out, and, because of some silent force, my own House majority, some Member or Members of the leadership, managed to spike it. I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, as my last words on the House floor, to be told by each and every member of the leadership, including the whip, the leader, and the Speaker, that they have no problem with this bill, and they know of no reason not to bring it up, to watch it not be brought up and each week be told maybe it will be there next week under suspension, I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, this is what I will re-member as our least fine hour, an ex-ample of why Americans don’t trust Congress. Because, even when we agree on something, virtually unanimously, often a silent force manages to keep something that is noncontroversial from happening. Mr. Speaker, as I yield back for the last time in my time on the Hill, I want to tell you that it has been a great honor to serve here. It has been the greatest honor of my life. I wish I could go out not saying to my Democratic colleagues, the new majority: Do in the next Congress H1– B reform, that which you agreed to and which my side failed to do. Mr. Speaker, with that, I thank the leadership. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I ask my colleagues in the House to support this bill. I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for their hard work, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 512. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.040 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10558 December 21, 2018 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ALASKA REMOTE GENERATOR RE-LIABILITY AND PROTECTION ACT Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1934) to prevent catastrophic failure or shutdown of remote diesel power en-gines due to emission control devices, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1934 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alaska Re-mote Generator Reliability and Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REVISION OF REGULATIONS REQUIRED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall re-vise section 60.4216(c) of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), by striking ‘‘that was not certified’’ and all that follows through ‘‘compared to engine-out emissions’’ and inserting ‘‘must have that engine cer-tified as meeting at least Tier 3 PM stand-ards’’. (b) E
MISSIONS AND ENERGY RELIABILITY  S
TUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall submit to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report assess-ing options for the Federal Government to assist remote areas in the State of Alaska in meeting the energy needs of those areas in an affordable and reliable manner using— (1) existing emissions control technology; or (2) other technology that achieves emis-sions reductions similar to the technology described in paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a targeted exemption for remote villages in Alas-ka from EPA’s most recent emissions rules on diesel generators. EPA and State officials have found that diesel generators compliant with the most recent standards do not work reliably in harsh, cold winter condi-tions. To preserve the health and safe-ty of the people relying on diesel gen-erators, these are less strict but actu-ally workable standards. Our colleagues in the Senate passed this bill with unanimous consent. It is reasonable legislation that deserves our support. I see Senators WHITEHOUSE and C AR-
PER were supportive of this bill. It comes out of the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. Mr. Speaker, I ask our colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to S. 1934, which would roll back public health standards under the Clean Air Act for dirty diesel gener-ating units in remote areas of Alaska. This legislation would undermine protections for human health, protec-tions for the environment, and protec-tions for our climate. Adding insult to injury, this bill is being brought up under suspension of the rules at the last minute, over the objections of Democrats. The Committee on Energy and Com-merce, which has jurisdiction over the Clean Air Act and where I serve as the Environment Subcommittee ranking member, held no hearings on this sub-ject nor considered any legislation re-lating to this matter. EPA already gives special consider-ations for diesel generators in remote areas of Alaska. These special consid-erations allow remote areas to use sta-tionary diesel generators that are cer-tified to marine engine standards rath-er than more stringent land-based, nonroad engines. However, all diesel generators in these areas that are model year 2014 or later, and not for emergency use, must be certified to meet EPA’s tier 4 emis-sion standards. If they cannot meet tier 4 standards, then they must meet certain alternative requirements for particulate matter or install an emis-sion control device that reduces PM emissions. S. 1934 directs the EPA Adminis-trator to revise downward the existing New Source Performance Standards for diesel generators, so that these units would have to meet only EPA’s tier 3 standards rather than the more protec-tive tier 4 criteria. Certainly, it is legitimate for Con-gress to consider assisting these re-mote areas with unique power needs and pollution problems. However, we should be looking to help these areas obtain cleaner, healthier air, not roll-ing back standards and pretending that the pollution and associated health and environmental problems don’t exist. Further, I note that the bill directs the EPA, in consultation with the De-partment of Energy, to submit a report assessing options for the Federal Gov-ernment to meet the energy needs of remote areas in the State of Alaska in an affordable and reliable manner while addressing air emissions. That study is the right first step, and I would be happy to support it and then work with my colleagues to find ways to help these areas, based on the re-sults of that particular study. Unfortunately, this bill takes the backward approach of rolling back standards and then studying the prob-lem. Perhaps if our Republican col-leagues had come to us sooner than this week, we might have been able to find a way to come together on legisla-tion. Unfortunately, Republicans have chosen to take this up without con-sultation, at the last minute, over our objections. They have left us no option other than to fight. I wish it were oth-erwise. For the past 2 years, the Trump ad-ministration has engaged in a con-sistent effort to undermine the Clean Air Act and its protections for every-thing from mercury and hazardous air pollutants to smog and particulate matter. We have seen the Trump administra-tion walk away from the Paris climate agreement, undo the Clean Power Plan, and gut fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards for motor vehicles. We must continue to stand firm against these actions that endanger public health, our continued economic well- being, and most certainly our planet. Mr. Speaker, with that, I urge my colleagues to stand up for our public health, for our climate, and against those continued rollbacks of our Na-tion’s most successful environmental statute, the Clean Air Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote a strong ‘‘no’’ on S. 1934, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the only House Member from Alaska and the dean of the House. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for bringing this up. This is not a Trump bill. This is a bill that affects one area: Alaska. This bill was asked for by the people who live in Alaska, not New Yorkers, by people who need power, that have not had power. It has been put in, in the past, they can’t meet these standards im-posed by the EPA. It doesn’t work in the cold climate. They do not have the money to buy new generators. Some say we have to protect their health. The gentleman from New York is going to shut down the clinics, the schools, and individual homes that can-not be heated, because there will be no electricity. There are no roads. I am talking about small villages, 60 people, 25 people. They all have genera-tors now that are outdated, but that is the only thing they can afford. You know, we hear a lot from that side of the aisle, and sometimes this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.061 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10559 December 21, 2018 
side, about how we are protecting the people. Well, let’s see how you are pro-tecting them when they don’t have healthcare, and they don’t have schools. You really are helping them out. As usual, the other side of this aisle, unfortunately, stands on this House floor and says what is best for people when they haven’t the slightest idea. You know, I don’t wish bad luck on anybody, but maybe we want to have a blackout in New York and see how you would feel in a snowstorm. Maybe we would have some people understand that you are affecting people’s lives di-rectly by not supporting this bill. This is a Senate bill that passed unanimously, supported by T
OMCAR-
PER, supported by E DMARKEY , sup-ported by, I think, every Senator. It doesn’t have opposition on the House floor. Unfortunately, this is under suspen-sion, and you will probably have enough votes to defeat this bill. Go home and feel good, say: I did the Lord’s work. I kept the air clean. I pro-tected the people. And you are full of it, really full of it. You are hurting the people, hurting my Alaskans, my rural Alaskans. I stand on this floor and watch this time and time again. Why would you oppose something that is going to help people? Impose an unfunded mandate on these villages is what, very frankly, the EPA has done. The new ones, I might see, but the ones that are established there, I would suggest, respectfully, we ought to let them use that, so they could have heat in their houses, not air-conditioning. They can keep their food frozen. They can have their clinics take care of their people. And their schools can stay open. These rural communities of my Alas-ka Natives, that is who you are hurt-ing. I hear it all the time: We are going to help the impoverished. We are going to help the poor. You are not helping them. You are hurting them. When you go to sleep tonight in your nice, warm house, and you fly in your nice plane, and you get in your nice car and feel good about helping the poor people, I say you are hurting them. Mr. SHIMKUS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, just to help clarify the argument, obviously, I have a few questions. Define an isolated village. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. A village has, probably, no roads, only an airport, small, fuel has to be shipped in by air or by boat. Mr. SHIMKUS. How long would that flight be? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. It depends. In some areas, it is 3 hours, and you are having to fly in the fuel. They have had this generator. They had enough money to buy it maybe 10, 15 years ago, and now they will have to put on a so-called air cleaner. They don’t have the knowledge to run it, and it doesn’t work. Mr. SHIMKUS. How many people are in an isolated village? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Oh, 25, 50, 100. My village that I live in has got 550. That is all. To give you an idea, if the gentleman would yield to me for a second: If you took Alaska, all the land east of the Mississippi River, to the Atlantic Ocean, to the tip of Maine, to the tip of Florida, that is part of Alaska. In that area that I am talking about, Maine to Florida, there are 253 Congressmen and 52 Senators. Think about that. b1130 Think about that. Why I say that, there are no roads, and you are going to punish those people who finally got enough money to buy an older gener-ator by the EPA, an unfunded mandate, and say you are helping them. Mr. SHIMKUS. If the gentleman will continue to yield for a last question, I hear that these new generators cost around $66,000 to $75,000? Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. More than that. Usually, in that area, probably about $150,000, if. Mr. SHIMKUS. So if you have 60 peo-ple, that is $1,000 each. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. By the way, there is no income. This is a poverty subsistence-style life. They do have a school trying to im-prove their lot. They do have a clinic trying to help their health. But you are going take the power away because you want to keep the air pure? Shame on you. Mr. SHIMKUS. I thank my colleague for yielding. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I respect and I share the gentleman’s concern for the people of Alaska. I am talking about a bill that is drafted incorrectly. While it may be specific to Alaska, it is not specific to remote areas. So we can share compassion for the people. I am just saying, if we had done this in regular order and exchanged dialogue with one another, perhaps the outcome would have been stronger. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), the chairman of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I spent about a year in Alaska going to college, have been back a number of times, and it is, as the gentleman from Alaska describes, a very unique area. It is unlike anywhere else in America. When you get out into these remote villages, you may fly in in a small Cessna airplane, land on a gravel strip, as I have done, and get out, and there may only be 25 or 50 people there. That is it. By the way, in the winter, it can be— what?—50, 60 below. I have seen that. And I have seen it in spring at break where we had to try to take off three different times on a runway because it had begun to soften up. The snow had begun to soften up, and we had to get out of the plane, turn it around, get back in. Eventually, we had to leave one guy behind in order to get off the ground. This is a very unique place. The poverty that the gentleman from Alaska describes is very real. So, yes, of course, I wish we had had more time to work this out. And to my colleague from New York, he and I have worked out most of these things along the way quite well. This bill came to us late, and, frankly, we didn’t have time to deal with all of the finite pieces. Perhaps we could go back in the next session and do that, but this is before us today. The problem is before us today. I believe this is a reasonable solution and that we should pass it. So, Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to approve this bill and send it to the President. I commit to work to make it even better next year. I won’t be the chairman, I under-stand that, but Mr. TONKO , Mr. Speak-er, will be, I think, the chairman of the Environment Subcommittee, and I would work with him and the gen-tleman from Alaska. But this is the time, as we know, when things finally get done, and they may not be perfect, but in this case, I would err on the side of passing this bill and then fine-tweak it later if we have to. This is a real serious issue in these tiny, remote, impoverished villages. I would defer to the gentleman from Alaska, who knows it better than any of us, and encourage passage of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I also want to pay trib-ute, in closing, to our chief counsel on the committee, Karen Christian, who will be leaving us at the end of this Congress. She has been a remarkable member of the staff, engaged in the Oversight and Investigations Sub-committee for years, doing incredible work, and is going off to greener pas-tures. After 13 years in the committee, I just want to say to Karen: Thank you for your service. Thank you for your leadership. We are going to miss you. Good luck to you and your family. Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I’m convinced we have the best members in Congress and the best staff. In her thirteen years with the Com-mittee, Karen Christian has been one of our finest. At the end of this Congress, Karen will move on, and while we are sad to see her do, we wish her well. Karen joined the Committee in 2006 as a counsel on our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. She’s served as both the dep-uty chief counsel and chief counsel of that subcommittee, and for the last four years she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.063 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10560 December 21, 2018 
has served as general counsel of the Com-mittee. As deputy chief counsel, Karen led several major Committee investigations, including in-vestigations into the Department of Energy’s management of the Loan Guarantee Program, including a failed loan guarantee to Solyndra; the stimulus bill, American Recovery and Re-investment Act; cyber security and critical in-frastructure, including an investigation of Huawei Technologies; and the Federal Com-munications Commission’s handling of a li-cense application from LightSquared. As chief counsel, she led the Committee’s investigations into General Motors ignition switch safety failures; the implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, including the failure of HealthCare.gov; the fungal meningitis outbreak due to contami-nated drugs; mental health care and treat-ment, including federal programs related men-tal health and serious mental illness; the opioid addiction epidemic; and the Environ-mental Protection Agency’s consideration of carbon capture technologies in developing greenhouse gas emissions standards for new power plants. And as general counsel, Karen has been re-sponsible for overseeing and managing the legislative process for the entire Committee— that includes a 27-hour, marathon markup in March 2017 and regularly battling to preserve the Committee’s jurisdiction. By every measure, Karen’s time at the Committee has been a complete success. While we are sad to lose our friend, we look forward to seeing her next accomplishments. Karen, we wish you and your family—Dave, Christian, Andrew, and Charlotte the very best. We thank you for your service, your hard work, your guidance, and most of all your friendship. Your work made a difference . . . America is better because of your efforts. Thank you and remember—at Energy and Commerce, the fun never stops. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, to Karen, from this side of the aisle, I wish her well, too. It was enjoyable working with her, and I look forward to work-ing with the Members of the other side of the aisle in the 116th Congress on this issue and others. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, so I will close saying that I am concerned about the loosely defined language in this bill. I am concerned about the attacks on the Clean Air Act that are so important to all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I will just continue to respond to what the chairman said. I think if we are going to err, we ought to err on the health and safety of Alaskans. I hope my colleagues will join us. I look forward to working with them in the next Congress? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to S. 1934, a bill that would roll back standards under the Clean Air Act (CAA) for diesel generating units in ‘‘remote areas’’ of Alaska. I understand the motivation behind this bill, but it could set a precedent for weak-ening existing New Source Performance Standards for diesel generators not just in Alaska, but across the United States. I am committed to finding ways to help Alas-kans in remote areas have affordable elec-tricity while maintain health protections. Con-gress should tackle this issue with an open debate through regular order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIM-
KUS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1934. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on that, I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
NATHANIEL P. REED HOBE SOUND NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3456) to redesignate Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge as the Na-thaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3456 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF THE HOBE SOUND NATIONAL WILDLIFE REF-UGE. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The Hobe Sound Na-tional Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Florida, is redesignated as the ‘‘Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Ref-uge’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any statute, rule, regulation, Executive order, publication, map, paper, or other document of the United States to the Hobe Sound Na-tional Wildlife Refuge is deemed to refer to the Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, S. 3456 would rename the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Ref-uge, located in southeast Florida, after Nathaniel P. Reed, who passed away on July 11, 2018, at the age of 84. Nathaniel P. Reed was a prominent conservationist who served as an As-sistant Secretary of the Interior from 1971 to 1977 and later returned to Flor-ida to form an advocacy group to help preserve and restore the Everglades. He also joined forces with former Senator Bob Graham to launch the Florida Con-servation Coalition. Renaming the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, which is located near his home in Florida, in honor of Na-thaniel P. Reed is a tribute to his leg-acy of conservation and public land stewardship. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill redesignates the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Ref-uge in southern Florida as Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge. We concur with the gentleman, the majority, Mr. MCCLINTOCK , on this issue. I ask all Members to please vote in favor of the resolution. It is a fitting tribute to a former Interior Depart-ment official who helped develop the Endangered Species Act and the Clean Water Act. It is a fitting tribute, and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3456. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SPACE FRONTIER ACT OF 2019 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3277) to reduce regulatory bur-dens and streamline processes related to commercial space activities, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3277 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Space Frontier Act of 2019’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—STREAMLINING OVERSIGHT OF LAUNCH AND REENTRY ACTIVITIES Sec. 101. Office of Commercial Space Trans-portation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.048 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10561 December 21, 2018 
Sec. 102. Use of existing authorities. Sec. 103. Experimental permits. Sec. 104. Space-related advisory rulemaking committees. Sec. 105. Government-developed space tech-nology. Sec. 106. Regulatory reform. Sec. 107. Secretary of Transportation over-sight and coordination of com-mercial launch and reentry op-erations. Sec. 108. Study on joint use of spaceports. Sec. 109. Airspace integration report. TITLE II—STREAMLINING OVERSIGHT OF NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSER-VATION ACTIVITIES Sec. 201. Nongovernmental Earth observa-tion activities. Sec. 202. Radio-frequency mapping report. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS Sec. 301. Promoting fairness and competi-tiveness for NASA partnership opportunities. Sec. 302. Lease of non-excess property. Sec. 303. Maintaining a national laboratory in space. Sec. 304. Presence in low-Earth orbit. Sec. 305. Continuation of the ISS. Sec. 306. United States policy on orbital de-bris. Sec. 307. Low-Earth orbit commercialization program. Sec. 308. Bureau of Space Commerce. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) ISS.—The term ‘‘ISS’’ means the Inter-national Space Station. (2) NASA.—The term ‘‘NASA’’ means the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion. (3) NOAA.—The term ‘‘NOAA’’ means the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration. TITLE I—STREAMLINING OVERSIGHT OF LAUNCH AND REENTRY ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. OFFICE OF COMMERCIAL SPACE TRANS-PORTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 50921 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS .—’’ before ‘‘There’’ and indent-ing appropriately; and (2) by inserting before subsection (b), the following: ‘‘(a) A
SSOCIATE ADMINISTRATOR FOR COM-
MERCIAL SPACE TRANSPORTATION .—The As- sistant Secretary for Commercial Space Transportation shall serve as the Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Trans-portation.’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF ASSISTANT SEC-
RETARY FOR COMMERCIAL SPACE TRANSPOR -
TATION .—Section 102(e)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘7’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Commercial Space Transportation,’’ after ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology,’’. 
SEC. 102. USE OF EXISTING AUTHORITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Transpor-tation should make use of existing authori-ties, including waivers and safety approvals, as appropriate, to protect the public, make more efficient use of resources, reduce the regulatory burden for an applicant for a commercial space launch or reentry license or experimental permit, and promote com-mercial space launch and reentry. (b) L
ICENSE APPLICATIONS AND REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 50905 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATIONS .—A person may apply to the Secretary of Transportation for a li-cense or transfer of a license under this chapter in the form and way the Secretary prescribes. ‘‘(B) D
ECISIONS .—Consistent with the pub-lic health and safety, safety of property, and national security and foreign policy inter-ests of the United States, the Secretary, not later than the applicable deadline described in subparagraph (C), shall issue or transfer a license if the Secretary decides in writing that the applicant complies, and will con-tinue to comply, with this chapter and regu-lations prescribed under this chapter. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICABLE DEADLINE .—The applicable deadline described in this subparagraph shall be— ‘‘(i) for an applicant that was or is a holder of any license under this chapter, not later than 90 days after accepting an application in accordance with criteria established pur-suant to subsection (b)(2)(E); and ‘‘(ii) for a new applicant, not later than 180 days after accepting an application in ac-cordance with criteria established pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(E). ‘‘(D) N
OTICE TO APPLICANTS .—The Sec-retary shall inform the applicant of any pending issue and action required to resolve the issue if the Secretary has not made a de-cision not later than— ‘‘(i) for an applicant described in subpara-graph (C)(i), 60 days after accepting an appli-cation in accordance with criteria estab-lished pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(E); and ‘‘(ii) for an applicant described in subpara-graph (C)(ii), 120 days after accepting an ap-plication in accordance with criteria estab-lished pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(E). ‘‘(E) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives a written notice not later than 30 days after any occurrence when the Sec-retary has not taken action on a license ap-plication within an applicable deadline es-tablished by this subsection.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘P
ROCEDURES FOR SAFETY  
APPROVALS .—’’ before ‘‘In carrying out’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘software,’’ after ‘‘serv-ices,’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such safety approvals may be issued simul-taneously with a license under this chap-ter.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) U
SE OF EXISTING AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use existing authorities, including waivers and safety approvals, as appropriate, to make more efficient use of resources, reduce the regulatory burden for an applicant under this section, and promote commercial space launch and reentry. ‘‘(2) E
XPEDITING SAFETY APPROVALS .—The Secretary shall expedite the processing of safety approvals that would reduce risks to health or safety during launch and reentry.’’. (c) R
ESTRICTIONS ON LAUNCHES , O PER-
ATIONS , AND REENTRIES .—Section 50904 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) M
ULTIPLE SITES.—The Secretary may issue a single license or permit for an oper-ator to conduct launch services and reentry services at multiple launch sites or reentry sites.’’. 
SEC. 103. EXPERIMENTAL PERMITS. 
Section 50906 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) U
SE OF EXISTING AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use existing authorities, including waivers and safety approvals, as appropriate, to make more efficient use of resources, reduce the regulatory burden for an applicant under this section, and promote commercial space launch and reentry. ‘‘(2) E
XPEDITING SAFETY APPROVALS .—The Secretary shall expedite the processing of safety approvals that would reduce risks to health or safety during launch and reentry.’’. 
SEC. 104. SPACE-RELATED ADVISORY RULE-MAKING COMMITTEES. 
Section 50903 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) does not apply to such space-related rulemaking committees under the Secretary’s jurisdiction as the Secretary shall designate.’’. 
SEC. 105. GOVERNMENT-DEVELOPED SPACE TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 50901(b)(2)(B) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and en-couraging’’. 
SEC. 106. REGULATORY REFORM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—The definitions set forth in section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply to this section. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that the com-mercial space launch regulatory environ-ment has at times impeded the United States commercial space launch sector in its inno-vation of launch technologies, reusable launch and reentry vehicles, and other areas related to commercial launches and reen-tries. (c) R
EGULATORY IMPROVEMENTS FOR COM-
MERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH ACTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of Transportation shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking to re-vise any regulations under chapter 509, United States Code, as the Secretary con-siders necessary to meet the objective of this section. (2) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of this sec-tion is to establish, consistent with the pur-poses described in section 50901(b) of title 51, United States Code, a regulatory regime for commercial space launch activities under chapter 509 that— (A) creates, to the extent practicable, re-quirements applicable both to expendable launch and reentry vehicles and to reusable launch and reentry vehicles; (B) is neutral with regard to the specific technology utilized in a launch, a reentry, or an associated safety system; (C) protects the health and safety of the public; (D) establishes clear, high-level perform-ance requirements; (E) encourages voluntary, industry tech-nical standards that complement the high- level performance requirements established under subparagraph (D); and (F) facilitates and encourages appropriate collaboration between the commercial space launch and reentry sector and the Depart-ment of Transportation with respect to the requirements under subparagraph (D) and the standards under subparagraph (E). (d) C
ONSULTATION .—In revising the regula-tions under subsection (c), the Secretary of Transportation shall consult with the fol-lowing: (1) Secretary of Defense. (2) Administrator of NASA. (3) Such members of the commercial space launch and reentry sector as the Secretary of Transportation considers appropriate to ensure adequate representation across indus-try. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.043 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10562 December 21, 2018 
Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the persons described in subsection (d), shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the progress in carrying out this section. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include— (A) milestones and a schedule to meet the objective of this section; (B) a description of any Federal agency re-sources necessary to meet the objective of this section; (C) recommendations for legislation that would expedite or improve the outcomes under subsection (c); and (D) a plan for ongoing consultation with the persons described in subsection (d). 
SEC. 107. SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION OVERSIGHT AND COORDINATION OF COMMERCIAL LAUNCH AND RE-ENTRY OPERATIONS. 
(a) O VERSIGHT AND COORDINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation, in accordance with the findings under section 1617 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (51 U.S.C. 50918 note) and subject to section 50905(b)(2)(C) of title 51, United States Code, shall take such action as may be necessary to consolidate or modify the requirements across Federal agencies identified in section 1617(c)(1)(A) of that Act into a single applica-tion set that satisfies those requirements and expedites the coordination of commer-cial launch and reentry services. (2) C
HAPTER 509 .— (A) P
URPOSES .—Section 50901 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘all’’ before ‘‘commercial launch and reentry operations’’. (B) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Section 50903(b) of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (ii) by inserting before paragraph (3), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(1) consistent with this chapter, author-ize, license, and oversee the conduct of all commercial launch and reentry operations, including any commercial launch or com-mercial reentry at a Federal range; ‘‘(2) if an application for a license or per-mit under this chapter includes launch or re-entry at a Defense range, coordinate with the Secretary of Defense, or designee, to pro-tect any national security interest relevant to such activity, including any necessary mitigation measure to protect Department of Defense property and personnel;’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection takes effect on the date the final rule under sec-tion 107(c) of this Act is published in the Federal Register. (b) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to affect— (1) section 1617 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (51 U.S.C. 50918 note); or (2) the authority of the Secretary of De-fense as it relates to safety and security re-lated to launch or reentry at a Defense range. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT ; REPEAL REDUN -
DANT LAW.—Section 113 of the U.S. Commer-cial Space Launch Competitiveness Act (Public Law 114–90; 129 Stat. 704) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents under section 1(b) of that Act are repealed. 
SEC. 108. STUDY ON JOINT USE OF SPACEPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of Transportation shall, in consultation with the Secretary of De-fense, conduct a study of the current process the Government uses to provide or permit the joint use of United States military in-stallations for licensed nongovernmental space launch and reentry activities, space- related activities, and space transportation services by United States commercial pro-viders; and (2) submit the results of the study to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the study required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Transportation shall consider the following: (1) Improvements that could be made to the current process the Government uses to provide or permit the joint use of United States military installations for licensed nongovernmental space launch and reentry activities, space-related activities, and space transportation services by United States commercial providers. (2) Means to facilitate the ability for a military installation to request that the Sec-retary of Transportation consider the mili-tary installation as a site to provide or per-mit the licensed nongovernmental space launch and reentry activities, space-related activities, and space transportation services by United States commercial providers. (3) The feasibility of increasing the number of military installations that provide or are permitted to be utilized for licensed non-governmental space launch and reentry ac-tivities, space-related activities, and space transportation services by United States commercial providers. (4) The importance of the use of safety ap-provals of launch vehicles, reentry vehicles, space transportation vehicles, safety sys-tems, processes, services, or personnel (in-cluding approval procedures for the purpose of protecting the health and safety of crew, Government astronauts, and space flight participants), to the extent permitted that may be used in conducting licensed commer-cial space launch, reentry activities, and space transportation services at installa-tions. 
SEC. 109. AIRSPACE INTEGRATION REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— (1) identify and review the current policies and tools used to integrate launch and re-entry (as those terms are defined in section 50902 of title 51, United States Code) into the national airspace system; (2) consider whether the policies and tools identified in paragraph (1) need to be updated to more efficiently and safely manage the national airspace system; and (3) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the findings under paragraphs (1) and (2), including rec-ommendations for how to more efficiently and safely manage the national airspace sys-tem. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the re-view under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with such members of the com-mercial space launch and reentry sector and commercial aviation sector as the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure adequate representation across those industries. (c) D
EFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES  
OFCONGRESS .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives; and (3) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. TITLE II—STREAMLINING OVERSIGHT OF NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVA-TION ACTIVITIES SEC. 201. NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVA-TION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) L ICENSING OF NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH  O
BSERVATION ACTIVITIES .—Chapter 601 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 60101— (A) by amending paragraph (12) to read as follows: ‘‘(12) U
NENHANCED DATA .—The term ‘unenhanced data’ means signals or imagery products from Earth observation activities that are unprocessed or subject only to data preprocessing.’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (12) and (13) as paragraphs (18) and (19), respectively; (C) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-graph (15); (D) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (10) as paragraphs (5) through (11), respectively; (E) by inserting after paragraph (3), the following: ‘‘(4) E
ARTH OBSERVATION ACTIVITY .—The term ‘Earth observation activity’ means a space activity the primary purpose of which is to collect data that can be processed into imagery of the Earth or of man-made objects orbiting the Earth.’’; (F) by inserting after paragraph (11), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(12) N
ONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVA -
TION ACTIVITY .—The term ‘nongovernmental Earth observation activity’ means an Earth observation activity of a person other than— ‘‘(A) the United States Government; or ‘‘(B) a Government contractor or subcon-tractor if the Government contractor or sub-contractor is performing the activity for the Government. ‘‘(13) O
RBITAL DEBRIS .—The term ‘orbital debris’ means any space object that is placed in space or derives from a space object placed in space by a person, remains in orbit, and no longer serves any useful function or purpose. ‘‘(14) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means a person (as defined in section 1 of title 1) sub-ject to the jurisdiction or control of the United States.’’; and (G) by inserting after paragraph (15), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(16) S
PACE ACTIVITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘space activ-ity’ means any activity that is conducted in space. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘space activ-ity’ includes any activity conducted on a ce-lestial body, including the Moon. ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘space activ-ity’ does not include any activity that is conducted entirely on board or within a space object and does not affect another space object. ‘‘(17) S
PACE OBJECT .—The term ‘space ob-ject’ means any object, including any compo-nent of that object, that is launched into space or constructed in space, including any object landed or constructed on a celestial body, including the Moon.’’; (2) by amending subchapter III to read as follows: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—AUTHORIZATION OF NONGOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSER-VATION ACTIVITIES ‘‘§ 60121. Purposes ‘‘The purposes of this subchapter are— ‘‘(1) to prevent, to the extent practicable, harmful interference to space activities by nongovernmental Earth observation activi-ties; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.043 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10563 December 21, 2018 
‘‘(2) to manage risk and prevent harm to United States national security; ‘‘(3) to ensure consistency with inter-national obligations of the United States; and ‘‘(4) to promote the leadership, industrial innovation, and international competitive-ness of the United States. ‘‘§ 60122. General authority ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out this subchapter. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—In carrying out this sub-chapter, the Secretary shall consult with— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(2) the Director of National Intelligence; and ‘‘(3) the head of such other Federal depart-ment or agency as the Secretary considers necessary. ‘‘§ 60123. Administrative authority of Sec-retary ‘‘(a) F
UNCTIONS .—In order to carry out the responsibilities specified in this subchapter, the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) grant, condition, or transfer licenses under this chapter; ‘‘(2) seek an order of injunction or similar judicial determination from a district court of the United States with personal jurisdic-tion over the licensee to terminate, modify, or suspend licenses under this subchapter and to terminate licensed operations on an immediate basis, if the Secretary determines that the licensee has substantially failed to comply with any provisions of this chapter, with any terms, conditions, or restrictions of such license, or with any international obli-gations or national security concerns of the United States; ‘‘(3) provide penalties for noncompliance with the requirements of licenses or regula-tions issued under this subchapter, including civil penalties not to exceed $10,000 (each day of operation in violation of such licenses or regulations constituting a separate viola-tion); ‘‘(4) compromise, modify, or remit any such civil penalty; ‘‘(5) issue subpoenas for any materials, doc-uments, or records, or for the attendance and testimony of witnesses for the purpose of conducting a hearing under this section; ‘‘(6) seize any object, record, or report pur-suant to a warrant from a magistrate based on a showing of probable cause to believe that such object, record, or report was used, is being used, or is likely to be used in viola-tion of this chapter or the requirements of a license or regulation issued thereunder; and ‘‘(7) make investigations and inquiries and administer to or take from any person an oath, affirmation, or affidavit concerning any matter relating to the enforcement of this chapter. ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF AGENCY ACTION .—Any ap- plicant or licensee that makes a timely re-quest for review of an adverse action pursu-ant to paragraph (1), (3), (5), or (6) of sub-section (a) shall be entitled to adjudication by the Secretary on the record after an op-portunity for any agency hearing with re-spect to such adverse action. Any final ac-tion by the Secretary under this subsection shall be subject to judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5. ‘‘§ 60124. Authorization to conduct non-governmental Earth observation activities ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—No person may con-duct any nongovernmental Earth observa-tion activity without an authorization issued under this subchapter. ‘‘(b) W
AIVERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, and the head of such other Federal agency as the Secretary considers appropriate, may waive a requirement under this subchapter for a nongovernmental Earth observation activ-ity, or for a type or class of nongovern-mental Earth observation activities, if the Secretary decides that granting a waiver is consistent with section 60121. ‘‘(2) STANDARDS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Space Frontier Act of 2019, the Secretary shall es-tablish standards, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the head of such other Federal agency as the Secretary con-siders appropriate, for determining de mini-mis Earth observation activities that would be eligible for a waiver under paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) C
OVERAGE OF AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, require a single authorization for a person— ‘‘(1) to conduct multiple Earth observation activities using a single space object; ‘‘(2) to operate multiple space objects car-rying out substantially similar Earth obser-vation activities; or ‘‘(3) to use multiple space objects to carry out a single Earth observation activity. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person seeking an au-thorization under this subchapter shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require for the purposes described in section 60121, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) a description of the proposed Earth observation activity, including— ‘‘(i) a physical and functional description of each space object; ‘‘(ii) the orbital characteristics of each space object, including altitude, inclination, orbital period, and estimated operational lifetime; and ‘‘(iii) a list of the names of all persons that have or will have direct operational or finan-cial control of the Earth observation activ-ity; ‘‘(B) a plan to prevent orbital debris con-sistent with the 2001 United States Orbital Debris Mitigation Standard Practices or any subsequent revision thereof; and ‘‘(C) a description of the capabilities of each instrument to be used to observe the Earth in the conduct of the Earth observa-tion activity. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION STATUS .—Not later than 14 days after the date of receipt of an appli-cation, the Secretary shall make a deter-mination whether the application is com-plete or incomplete and notify the applicant of that determination, including, if incom-plete, the reason the application is incom-plete. ‘‘(e) R
EVIEW .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date that the Secretary makes a determination under subsection (d)(2) that an application is complete, the Secretary shall review all information provided in that application and, subject to the provisions of this subsection, notify the applicant in writ-ing whether the application was approved, with or without conditions, or denied. ‘‘(2) A
PPROVALS .—The Secretary shall ap-prove an application under this subsection if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) the Earth observation activity is con-sistent with the purposes described in sec-tion 60121; and ‘‘(B) the applicant is in compliance, and will continue to comply, with this sub-chapter, including regulations. ‘‘(3) D
ENIALS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If an application under this subsection is denied, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall include in the notification under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(I) a reason for the denial; and ‘‘(II) a description of each deficiency, in-cluding guidance on how to correct the defi-ciency; ‘‘(ii) shall sign the notification under para-graph (1); ‘‘(iii) may not delegate the duty under clause (ii); and ‘‘(iv) shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives a copy of the notification. ‘‘(B) INTERAGENCY REVIEW .—Not later than 3 days after the date that the Secretary makes a determination under subsection (d)(2) that an application is complete, the Secretary shall consult with the head of each Federal department and agency described in section 60122(b) and if any head of such Fed-eral department or agency does not support approving the application— ‘‘(i) that head of another Federal depart-ment or agency— ‘‘(I) not later than 60 days after the date of the consultation, shall notify the Secretary, in writing, of the reason for withholding sup-port, including a description of each defi-ciency and guidance on how to correct the deficiency; ‘‘(II) shall sign the notification under sub-clause (I); and ‘‘(III) may not delegate the duty under sub-clause (II), except the Secretary of Defense may delegate the duty under subclause (II) to an Under Secretary of Defense; and ‘‘(ii) subject to all applicable laws, the Sec-retary shall include the notification under clause (i) in the notification under paragraph (1), including classified information if— ‘‘(I) the Secretary of Defense or Director of National Intelligence, as appropriate, deter-mines that disclosure of the classified infor-mation is appropriate; and ‘‘(II) the applicant has the required secu-rity clearance for that classified informa-tion. ‘‘(C) I
NTERAGENCY ASSENTS .—If the head of another Federal department or agency does not notify the Secretary under subparagraph (B)(i)(I) within the time specified in that subparagraph, that head of another Federal department or agency shall be deemed to have assented to the application. ‘‘(D) I
NTERAGENCY DISSENTS .—If, during the review of an application under paragraph (1), a head of a Federal department or agency de-scribed in subparagraph (B) disagrees with the Secretary or the head of another Federal department or agency described in subpara-graph (B) with respect to a deficiency under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit the matter to the President, who shall re-solve the dispute before the applicable dead-line under paragraph (1). ‘‘(E) D
EFICIENCIES .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) provide each applicant under this para-graph with a reasonable opportunity— ‘‘(I) to correct each deficiency identified under subparagraph (A)(i)(II); and ‘‘(II) to resubmit a corrected application for reconsideration; and ‘‘(ii) not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of a corrected application under clause (i)(II), make a determination whether to approve the application or not, in con-sultation with— ‘‘(I) each head of another Federal depart-ment or agency that submitted a notifica-tion under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(II) the head of such other Federal depart-ment or agency as the Secretary considers necessary. ‘‘(F) I
MPROPER BASIS FOR DENIAL .— ‘‘(i) C
OMPETITION .—The Secretary shall not deny an application under this subsection in order to protect any existing Earth observa-tion activity from competition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.043 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10564 December 21, 2018 
‘‘(ii) C APABILITIES .—The Secretary shall not, to the maximum extent practicable, deny an application under this subsection based solely on the capabilities of the Earth observation activity if those capabilities— ‘‘(I) are commercially available; or ‘‘(II) are reasonably expected to be made commercially available, not later than 3 years after the date of the application, in the international or domestic marketplace. ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibition under clause (ii)(II) shall apply whether the marketplace products and services originate from the operation of aircraft, uncrewed air-craft, or other platforms or technical means or are assimilated from a variety of data sources. ‘‘(4) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary does not notify an applicant in writing before the ap-plicable deadline under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, not later than 1 business day after the date of the applicable deadline, notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives of the status of the application, including the reason the deadline was not met. ‘‘(5) E
XPEDITED REVIEW PROCESS .—Subject to paragraph (2) of this section and section 60122(b), the Secretary may modify the re-quirements under this subsection, as the Secretary considers appropriate, to expedite the review of an application that seeks to conduct an Earth observation activity that is substantially similar to an Earth observa-tion activity already licensed under this sub-chapter. ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—An au- thorization issued under this subchapter shall require the authorized person— ‘‘(1) to be in compliance with this sub-chapter; ‘‘(2) to notify the Secretary of any signifi-cant change in the information contained in the application; and ‘‘(3) to make available to the government of any country, including the United States, unenhanced data collected by the Earth ob-servation system concerning the territory under the jurisdiction of that government as soon as such data are available and on rea-sonable commercial terms and conditions. ‘‘(g) P
ROHIBITION ON RETROACTIVE CONDI-
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Secretary may not modify any condition on, or add any condition to, an authorization under this subchapter after the date of the authorization. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be constructed to prohibit the Secretary from removing a condition on an authorization under this subchapter. ‘‘(3) I
NTERAGENCY REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (E), the Secretary or the head of a Federal department or agency described in section 60122(b) may, without delegation, propose the modification or addition of a condition to an authorization under this sub-chapter after the date of the authorization. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—Prior to making the modification or addition under subparagraph (A), the Secretary or the appli-cable head of the Federal department or agency shall consult with the head of each of the other Federal departments and agencies described in section 60122(b) and if any head of such Federal department or agency does not support such modification or addition that head of another Federal department or agency— ‘‘(i) not later than 60 days after the date of the consultation, shall notify the Secretary, in writing, of the reason for withholding sup-port; ‘‘(ii) shall sign the notification under clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) may not delegate the duty under clause (ii). ‘‘(C) INTERAGENCY ASSENTS .—If the head of another Federal department or agency does not notify the Secretary under subparagraph (B)(i) within the time specified in that sub-paragraph, that head of another Federal de-partment or agency shall be deemed to have assented to the modification or addition under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) I
NTERAGENCY DISSENTS .—If the head of a Federal department or agency described in subparagraph (A) disagrees with the Sec-retary or the head of another Federal depart-ment or agency described in subparagraph (A) with respect to such modification or ad-dition under this paragraph, the Secretary shall submit the matter to the President, who shall resolve the dispute. ‘‘(E) N
OTICE .—Prior to making a modifica-tion or addition under subparagraph (A), the Secretary or the head of the Federal depart-ment or agency, as applicable, shall— ‘‘(i) provide notice to the licensee of the reason for the proposed modification or addi-tion, including, if applicable, a description of any deficiency and guidance on how to cor-rect the deficiency; and ‘‘(ii) provide the licensee a reasonable op-portunity to correct a deficiency identified in clause (i). ‘‘§ 60125. Annual reports ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Space Frontier Act of 2019, and annually there-after, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the progress in implementing this subchapter, including— ‘‘(1) a list of all applications received or pending in the previous calendar year and the status of each such application; ‘‘(2) notwithstanding paragraph (4) of sec-tion 60124(e), a list of all applications, in the previous calendar year, for which the Sec-retary missed the deadline under paragraph (1) of that section, including the reasons the deadline was not met; and ‘‘(3) a description of all actions taken by the Secretary under the administrative au-thority granted under section 60123. ‘‘(b) C
LASSIFIED ANNEXES .—Each report under subsection (a) may include classified annexes as necessary to protect the disclo-sure of sensitive or classified information. ‘‘(c) C
ESSATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—This section ceases to be effective September 30, 2021. ‘‘§ 60126. Regulations ‘‘The Secretary may promulgate regula-tions to implement this subchapter. ‘‘§ 60127. Relationship to other executive agencies and laws ‘‘(a) E
XECUTIVE AGENCIES .—Except as pro-vided in this subchapter or chapter 509, or any activity regulated by the Federal Com-munications Commission under the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.), a person is not required to obtain from an ex-ecutive agency a license, approval, waiver, or exemption to conduct a nongovernmental Earth observation activity. ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This sub-chapter does not affect the authority of— ‘‘(1) the Federal Communications Commis-sion under the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) the Secretary of Transportation under chapter 509 of this title. ‘‘(c) N
ONAPPLICATION .—This subchapter does not apply to any space activity the United States Government carries out for the Government.’’; and (3) by amending section 60147 to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 60147. Consultation ‘‘(a) CONSULTATION WITHSECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE .—The Landsat Program Management shall consult with the Secretary of Defense on all matters relating to the Landsat Pro-gram under this chapter that affect national security. The Secretary of Defense shall be responsible for determining those conditions, consistent with this chapter, necessary to meet national security concerns of the United States and for notifying the Landsat Program Management of such conditions. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION WITH SECRETARY OF  S
TATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Landsat Program Management shall consult with the Sec-retary of State on all matters relating to the Landsat Program under this chapter that af-fect international obligations. The Secretary of State shall be responsible for determining those conditions, consistent with this chap-ter, necessary to meet international obliga-tions and policies of the United States and for notifying the Landsat Program Manage-ment of such conditions. ‘‘(2) I
NTERNATIONAL AID .—Appropriate United States Government agencies are au-thorized and encouraged to provide remote sensing data, technology, and training to de-veloping nations as a component of programs of international aid. ‘‘(3) R
EPORTING DISCRIMINATORY DISTRIBU -
TION.—The Secretary of State shall promptly report to the Landsat Program Management any instances outside the United States of discriminatory distribution of Landsat data. ‘‘(c) S
TATUS REPORT .—The Landsat Pro-gram Management shall, as often as nec-essary, provide to Congress complete and up-dated information about the status of ongo-ing operations of the Landsat system, in-cluding timely notification of decisions made with respect to the Landsat system in order to meet national security concerns and international obligations and policies of the United States Government.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 601 of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relat-ing to subchapter III and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —AUTHORIZATION OF NON -
GOVERNMENTAL EARTH OBSERVATION ACTIVI -
TIES ‘‘60121. Purposes. ‘‘60122. General authority. ‘‘60123. Administrative authority of Sec-retary. ‘‘60124. Authorization to conduct nongovern-mental Earth observation ac-tivities. ‘‘60125. Annual reports. ‘‘60126. Regulations. ‘‘60127. Relationship to other executive agen-cies and laws.’’. (c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) Nothing in this section or the amend-ments made by this section shall affect any license, or application for a license, to oper-ate a private remote sensing space system that was made under subchapter III of chap-ter 601 of title 51, United States Code (as in effect before the date of enactment of this Act), before the date of enactment of this Act. Such license shall continue to be sub-ject to the requirements to which such li-cense was subject under that chapter as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act. (2) Nothing in this section or the amend-ments made by this section shall affect the prohibition on the collection and release of detailed satellite imagery relating to Israel under section 1064 of the National Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.043 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10565 December 21, 2018 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (51 U.S.C. 60121 note). 
SEC. 202. RADIO-FREQUENCY MAPPING REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, shall complete and submit a report on space-based radio-fre-quency mapping to— (1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (2) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (4) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives; (5) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; and (6) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a discussion of whether a need exists to regulate space-based radio-frequency map-ping; (2) a description of any immitigable im-pacts of space-based radio-frequency map-ping on national security, United States competitiveness and space leadership, or Constitutional rights; (3) any recommendations for additional regulatory action regarding space-based radio-frequency mapping; (4) a detailed description of the costs and benefits of the recommendations described in paragraph (3); and (5) an evaluation of— (A) whether the development of voluntary consensus industry standards in coordina-tion with the Department of Defense is more appropriate than issuing regulations with re-spect to space-based radio-frequency map-ping; and (B) whether existing law, including regula-tions and policies, could be applied in a man-ner that prevents the need for additional reg-ulation of space-based radio-frequency map-ping. (c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. PROMOTING FAIRNESS AND COMPETI-TIVENESS FOR NASA PARTNERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) fair access to available NASA assets and services on a reimbursable, noninter-ference, equitable, and predictable basis is advantageous in enabling the United States commercial space industry; (2) NASA should continue to promote fair-ness to all parties and ensure best value to the Federal Government in granting use of NASA assets, services, and capabilities in a manner that contributes to NASA’s missions and objectives; and (3) NASA should continue to promote small business awareness and participation through advocacy and collaborative efforts with internal and external partners, stake-holders, and academia. (b) G
UIDANCE FOR SMALL BUSINESS PARTICI -
PATION .—The Administrator of NASA shall— (1) provide opportunities for the consider-ation of small business concerns during pub-lic-private partnership planning processes and in public-private partnership plans; (2) invite the participation of each relevant director of an Office of Small and Disadvan-taged Business Utilization under section 15(k) of the Small Business Act 915 U.S.C. 644(k) in public-private partnership planning processes and provide the director access to public-private partnership plans; (3) not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act— (A) identify and establish a list of all NASA assets, services, and capabilities that are available, or will be available, for public- private partnership opportunities; and (B) make the list under subparagraph (A) available on NASA’s website, in a searchable format; (4) periodically as needed, but not less than once per year, update the list and website under paragraph (3); and (5) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, develop a policy and issue guidance for a consistent, fair, and eq-uitable method for scheduling and estab-lishing priority of use of the NASA assets, services, and capabilities identified under this subsection. (c) STRENGTHENING SMALL BUSINESS  A
WARENESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of NASA shall designate an offi-cial at each NASA Center— (1) to serve as an advocate for small busi-nesses within the office that manages part-nerships at each Center; and (2) to provide guidance to small businesses on how to participate in public-private part-nership opportunities with NASA. 
SEC. 302. LEASE OF NON-EXCESS PROPERTY. 
Section 20145(g) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 303. MAINTAINING A NATIONAL LABORA-TORY IN SPACE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States national laboratory in space, which currently consists of the United States segment of the ISS (des-ignated a national laboratory under section 70905 of title 51, United States Code)— (A) benefits the scientific community and promotes commerce in space; (B) fosters stronger relationships among NASA and other Federal agencies, the pri-vate sector, and research groups and univer-sities; (C) advances science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics education through uti-lization of the unique microgravity environ-ment; and (D) advances human knowledge and inter-national cooperation; (2) after the ISS is decommissioned, the United States should maintain a national microgravity laboratory in space; (3) in maintaining a national microgravity laboratory described in paragraph (2), the United States should make appropriate ac-commodations for different types of owner-ship and operational structures for the ISS and future space stations; (4) the national microgravity laboratory described in paragraph (2) should be main-tained beyond the date that the ISS is de-commissioned and, if possible, in cooperation with international space partners to the ex-tent practicable; and (5) NASA should continue to support fun-damental science research on future plat-forms in low-Earth orbit and cis-lunar space, short duration suborbital flights, drop tow-ers, and other microgravity testing environ-ments. (b) R
EPORT .—The Administrator of NASA shall produce, in coordination with the Na-tional Space Council and other Federal agen-cies as the Administrator deems relevant, a report detailing the feasibility of estab-lishing a microgravity national laboratory Federally Funded Research and Development Center to undertake the work related to the study and utilization of in-space conditions. SEC. 304. PRESENCE IN LOW-EARTH ORBIT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is in the national and economic secu-rity interests of the United States to main-tain a continuous human presence in low- Earth orbit; and (2) low-Earth orbit should be utilized as a testbed to advance human space exploration, scientific discoveries, and United States eco-nomic competitiveness and commercial par-ticipation. (b) H
UMAN PRESENCE REQUIREMENT .—NASA shall continuously maintain the capability for a continuous human presence in low- Earth orbit through and beyond the useful life of the ISS. 
SEC. 305. CONTINUATION OF THE ISS. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL  S
PACE STATION .—Section 501(a) of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18351(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2024’’ and inserting ‘‘2030’’. (b) M
AINTENANCE OF THE UNITED STATES  S
EGMENT AND ASSURANCE OF CONTINUED OP-
ERATIONS OF THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE STA-
TION.—Section 503(a) of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18353(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2024’’ and inserting ‘‘2030’’. (c) R
ESEARCH CAPACITY ALLOCATION AND IN-
TEGRATION OF RESEARCH PAYLOADS .—Section 504(d) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2024’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2030’’. (d) M
AINTAINING USETHROUGH AT LEAST  2030.—Section 70907 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘2030’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2024’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2030’’. 
SEC. 306. UNITED STATES POLICY ON ORBITAL DEBRIS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) existing guidelines for the mitigation of orbital debris may not be adequate to ensure long term usability of the space environment for all users; and (2) the United States should continue to exercise a leadership role in developing or-bital debris prevention standards that can be used by all space-faring nations. (b) P
OLICY OF THE UNITED STATES .—It is the policy of the United States to have con-sistent standards across Federal agencies that minimize the risks from orbital debris in order to— (1) protect the public health and safety; (2) protect humans in space; (3) protect the national security interests of the United States; (4) protect the safety of property; (5) protect space objects from interference; and (6) protect the foreign policy interests of the United States. 
SEC. 307. LOW-EARTH ORBIT COMMERCIALIZA-TION PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZATION .—The Admin-istrator of NASA may establish a low-Earth orbit commercialization program to encour-age the fullest commercial use and develop-ment of space by the private sector of the United States. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The program under sub-section (a) may include— (1) activities to stimulate demand for human space flight products and services in low-Earth orbit; (2) activities to improve the capability of the ISS to accommodate commercial users; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.043 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10566 December 21, 2018 
(3) subject to subsection (c), activities to accelerate the development of commercial space stations or commercial space habitats. (c) C
ONDITIONS .— (1) C
OST SHARE .—The Administrator shall give priority to an activity under subsection (b)(3) in which the private sector entity con-ducting the activity provides a share of the coast o develop and operate the activity. (2) C
OMMERCIAL SPACE HABITAT .—The Ad- ministration may not engage in an activity under subsection (b)(3) until after the date that the Administrator of NASA awards a contract for the use of a docking port on the ISS. (d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after the date that an award or agreement is made under subsection (b)(3), the Administrator of NASA shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the development of the commercial space station or commercial space habitat, as applicable, including a business plan for how the activity will— (1) meet NASA’s future requirements for low-Earth orbit human space flight services; and (2) satisfy the non-Federal funding require-ment under subsection (c)(1). (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator of NASA to carry out a low- Earth commercialization program under this section $150,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
SEC. 308. BUREAU OF SPACE COMMERCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 507 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ OFFICE’’ and inserting ‘‘BUREAU’’; (2) by amending section 50701 to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 50701. Definition of Bureau ‘‘In this chapter, the term ‘Bureau’ means the Bureau of Space Commerce established in section 50702 of this title.’’; (3) in section 50702— (A) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is established within the Department of Commerce a Bu-reau of Space Commerce.’’; (B) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Bureau shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for Space Commerce, to be appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate and compensated at level II or III of the Executive Schedule, as determined by the Secretary of Commerce. The Assistant Secretary shall report directly to the Sec-retary of Commerce.’’; (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing activities licensed under chapter 601 of this title’’ before the semicolon; and (iii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘Posi-tion,’’ and inserting ‘‘Positioning,’’; and (D) in subsection (d)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
IRECTOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
SSISTANT SECRETARY ’’; (ii) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Office shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau shall, under the direction and su-pervision of the Secretary,’’; (iii) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (7) as paragraphs (3) through (9), re-spectively; and (iv) by inserting before paragraph (3), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(1) to oversee the issuing of licenses under chapter 601 of this title; ‘‘(2) coordinating Department policy im-pacting commercial space activities and working with other executive agencies to promote policies that advance commercial space activities;’’; and (v) in paragraph (8), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘, consistent with the international obligations, foreign policy, and national se-curity interests of the United States’’ before the semicolon; (4) in section 50703— (A) by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Committee on Science and Technology of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 50704. Authorization of appropriations ‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce to carry out this chapter $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 507 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the item relating to section 50701, by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; and (B) by adding after the item relating to section 50703 the following: ‘‘50704. Authorization of appropriations.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chap-ters of title 51, United States Code, is amend-ed in the item relating to chapter 507 by striking ‘‘Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’. (3) C
OOPERATION WITH FORMER SOVIET RE -
PUBLICS .—Section 218 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act, Fiscal Year 1993 (51 U.S.C. 50702 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Office’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on S. 3277, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the Space Frontier Act is a missed opportunity, despite months of negotiations. The House suc-cessfully added some positive provi-sions to the bill, including: Increased the stature of the Depart-ment of Commerce Office of Space Commerce to a Bureau of Space Com-merce, led by a Senate-confirmed As-sistant Secretary of Commerce; Reduced from 120 to 90 days a deter-mination for remote sensing applica-tions; Remote sensing applications cannot be denied if a product will be commer-cially available within 3 years; Enhanced deadline enforcement for remote sensing applications; Included a low-Earth orbit commer-cialization program authorized at the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s NASA reauthorization level of $150 million. This bill contains some improve-ments over current commercial space law, but many bold reforms in the American Space Commerce Free Enter-prise Act, which passed the House unanimously, were not included in this package. We have not done enough to encour-age commercial space activity, which has the potential to transform re-search, development, discovery, and ac-cess to space. While remote sensing reform is mar-ginally improved over current law in the original version of the Space Fron-tier Act, it doesn’t go far enough. We set out to change how we think about remote sensing, a growing, constantly advancing, and increasingly common-place industry that should be free to act unless there is a good reason to prevent that. Instead, this bill only tinkers around the edge of a three-dec-ade out-of-date law. This legislation will keep the govern-ment in strict control of American companies’ space access and actions, discouraging businesses, and damaging American competitiveness and leader-ship in space. Meanwhile, other countries are en-couraging technology development in an effort to overtake us and grab mar-ket share from American companies. This represents a missed opportunity for American businesses that is being stifled by parochial government inter-ests. In the bill before us, there is still room for government employees to ig-nore the deadline enforcement mecha-nisms and drag out decisions indefi-nitely. The bill also doesn’t guarantee that remote sensing companies will be given all relevant information explain-ing why their applications were not ap-proved. There is also less of an assumption of approval for a remote sensing license application than was included in my bill. Who knows what capability will be quashed because we didn’t fully em-power private industry. Congress must remain vigilant in its oversight of re-mote sensing licensing, and any abuse of the approval process should be chal-lenged. My biggest disappointment is that this bill does not establish a self-cer-tification regime for private space mis-sions. American space companies are moving overseas because current laws here don’t enable them to conduct business. The House-passed bill intentionally made it easier to approve private space missions. Regrettably, the Senate killed these provisions. The Bureau of Space Commerce cre-ated in this bill needs to use its author-ity to the maximum extent possible to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.043 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10567 December 21, 2018 
promote, support, and approve private space missions. Mr. Speaker, there is much work left to be done to bolster American com-petitiveness and foster innovation, and I hope Congress will act next year to continue our leadership in space. With this hope and expectation, I support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in reluctant sup-port of S. 3277, the Space Frontier Act of 2019. I say ‘‘reluctant’’ because the process that brought us to this point is ex-tremely disappointing. Many of the provisions of this bill have not been se-riously vetted by the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I doubt very much whether they were at all vetted by anyone in the Senate. And this bill makes some potentially sig-nificant changes to space policy in the United States. b1145 This is no way to legislate. However, there are some good things in the bill. I very much appreciate that the end date for the International Space Station is pushed back to 2030. Now, I don’t know if that date is the proper one, but I do know that the ar-bitrary decision made by the Trump administration to end the Inter-national Space Station by 2024 was wrong. As we move into the next Con-gress, this is something that I hope to be looking into. I am also glad to see commercial re-mote sensing language that will help the industry grow, while still consid-ering the government’s legitimate se-curity interests. In short, I will be voting for this bill, in part, because I support the develop-ment of commercial space activities and want them to flourish, while still protecting the public interest. However, as the presumptive chair of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee in the next Congress, I cer-tainly will be revisiting some of the other items in the bill. For instance, this bill creates a $150 million office at NASA and doesn’t specify where the money is to come from within NASA, or provide any real specifics to how it will be spent. I would also note that NASA’s vital education programs receive less money than that, so this is a major new initia-tive and it is something that requires review. I could go on, but, unfortunately, it is clear that there is not going to be time today for a thoughtful discussion of any concerns with the bill or any op-portunity to address them. That will have to wait until we have a new Con-gress. I plan to submit a longer statement in the R
ECORD which will highlight some of my concerns. For now, it is enough to say that I support NASA’s mission and a robust U.S. space indus-try and, for that reason, I support this bill, in spite of the awful process that got us here. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I have no other requests for time on this side, so I am prepared to yield back if the gentlewoman from Texas is prepared to yield back. Before I do, I just want to thank the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, EDDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, who is, ob-viously, a Texas colleague and a long-time friend, for all of her good work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee while I have been chairman of that committee. She has been in-strumental in our taking to the House floor and having passed on the House floor 35 bills. Of those 35 bills, 33 have been bipartisan, and that is largely due to her contributions and her efforts to try to make those bills bipartisan. So I do appreciate having worked with her for the last 6 years. I wish her well next year, and I want to congratu-late her on being the next chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. But I would like to say, on behalf of my retiring chair, that it has been a challenge. I have learned a lot. I respect and like him. I wish him well for his future, and I hope that he will visit us now and then to see that we will have a little bit of a change in the committee. I hope that we will pass this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3277. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM COMPETITION AND EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7388) to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 7388 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Competition and Extension Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 7, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (b) P
ROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 7, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (c) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE.—If this Act is enacted after December 21, 2018, the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect as if enacted on December 21, 2018. 
SEC. 3. ELIMINATION OF NON-COMPETE RE-QUIREMENT. 
Section 1345 of the National Flood Insur-ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4081) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE OTHER FLOOD  C
OVERAGE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may not, as a condition of participating in the Write Your Own Program (as such term is defined in section 100202(a) of the Biggert- Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 4004(a))) or in otherwise partici-pating in the utilization by the Adminis-trator of the facilities and services of insur-ance companies, insurers, insurance agents and brokers, and insurance adjustment orga-nizations pursuant to the authority in this section, nor as a condition of eligibility to engage in any other activities under the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program under this title, restrict any such company, insurer, agent, broker, or organization from offering and selling private flood insurance (as such term is defined in section 102(b) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)). ‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE ; SUBSIDY AR -
RANGEMENT .—After the date of the enact-ment of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the Administrator may not include in any agreement entered into with any insurer for participation in the Write Your Own Pro-gram any provision establishing a condition prohibited by paragraph (1), including the provisions of Article XIII of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, Federal In-surance Administration, Financial Assist-ance/Subsidy Arrangement, as adopted pur-suant to section 62.23(a) of title 44 of the Code of Federal Regulations; and ‘‘(B) any such provision in any such agree-ment entered into before such date of enact-ment shall not have any force or effect, and the Administrator may not take any action to enforce such provision.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.069 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10568 December 21, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the National Flood In-surance Program is a program that has a number of challenges, but it is also a vital program for Americans who live in flood-prone areas. The challenges in the program are well-known. Regrettably, it is going bankrupt. Regrettably, it incents peo-ple to live in areas that are repeatedly flooded. Regrettably, it is a program that protects a government monopoly; that is why the House, earlier this year, acted with a comprehensive re-form bill. Unfortunately, our friends on the other side of the Capitol have yet to act. We do not wish to have the current program lapse; thus, we are on the floor at this very moment. This is a very simple bill. It would provide a temporary, short-term au-thorization through the end of May of 2019, regrettably, I believe now, the ninth extension since the House has acted. And it also ensures that we provide certainty, certainty to the market of what the policies of the National Flood Insurance Program are. I was there in the aftermath of Hurri-cane Harvey. And one of the great trag-edies—there were many tragedies, but one of the great tragedies was how few people actually had flood insurance. So what we want is a system that, hope-fully, will see more people have flood coverage written into their home-owners’ insurance policy. So the NFIP wisely had moved in the direction of what they call allowing in-surance companies to not have to have a non-compete. This is a current policy of the program, but too many insur-ance companies don’t believe that pol-icy will stay. So we will ensure that that policy stays through this bill, so that more people in a tragic situation will be covered by flood insurance. So, again, this ensures that current policy is at least extended through May of 2019. It adds certainty to cur-rent policy. I know in discussions with the rank-ing member—who has a lot of expertise in the subject of flood—we negotiated in good faith. We didn’t quite get there on the comprehensive bill, but she agrees that we need this bill, right now, to ensure that current policy is extended, at least through May of 2019. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, allow me to try and ex-plain exactly what is happening with this proposal by my chairman, Mr. H
ENSARLING . Mr. H ENSARLING came to me and indicated that he wanted to add language to the reauthorization, the short-term reauthorization of the flood insurance program. I explained to him that I had an agreement with Mr. SCALISE , and our agreement was that this would be a short-term reauthorization that was clean; that it would be added to the continuing resolution; and that we would see to it that the flood insurance program would not lapse. So Mr. H
ENSARLING went to Mr. S CA-
LISE and Mr. S CALISE agreed to it and, because he agreed to it, Mr. H
EN-
SARLING moved forward. Following that, staff members point-ed out that if the language is added that Mr. H
ENSARLING would like to add, it was going to create a problem. It was going to create a confrontation; that we would endanger the ability to have short-term reauthorization and, if we do that, homeowners are going to be disadvantaged because they would not have access to the insurance that they need to satisfy the mortgages that they were trying to get. So we have had a long discussion and a long debate about what the Senate is going to do and, of course, our under-standing now is that the Senate will not support the language that is going to be put in that is headed by Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ; and this was going to endan-ger the ability for us to get the short- term reauthorization. So, given all of that, and under-standing all of that, yes, I made an agreement with Mr. H
ENSARLING that, if Mr. S
CALISE agreed, that I would agree, but I want—and I have said to Mr. H
ENSARLING , as we had a long dis-cussion on the floor with some of the leadership, et cetera, that one of the things we want is, we want this short- term reauthorization until May, until we can get to work on long-term reau-thorization for the National Flood In-surance Program. Yes, Mr. H
ENSARLING is correct that we do have the possibility now for pri-vate insurers who write insurance for the national flood insurance, to do both, to be able to write insurance. But we do know that even if they are able to do it now, we are not saying that we should do anything to codify that in existing law. They are saying you should not do anything to codify that in existing law, simply because it en-dangers the ability for the support for the National Flood Insurance Program to be reauthorized through the short- term. So it is complicated and it presents a dilemma for everybody. But in the final analysis, no matter what, the real question becomes: Is it important for a short-term reauthorization of the na-tional flood insurance; or do we allow it to get caught up in these agreements so that we don’t have it, and then the real estate market is going to go crazy; homeowners who are trying to pur-chase insurance, because they can’t get a mortgage without it, all of this will be absolutely undermined. And that is the essence of what is going on. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I would just point out again, all this bill does is extend for 6 months the current policies of the NFIP. Not one single policy of the NFIP is changed in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the distin-guished majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the committee for yielding time to talk about this impor-tant program. I want to thank the gentlewoman from California for her consistent com-mitment to making sure that the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program is there for families who need it, families all around the country, not just fami-lies, by the way, Mr. Speaker, in coast-al areas. This is a program that affects every community in our country. It is a program that affects millions of peo-ple throughout the country, hundreds of thousands in my home State of Lou-isiana, but people from all around. It is an important program. Mr. Speaker, I would love for this to be a private program, where there were great options all around for people to buy private flood insurance. Unfortu-nately, today there aren’t; and so be-cause there aren’t those private op-tions, the only game in town is NFIP. So it is incumbent upon us to make sure that this program works. And it has got to be a program that is fair for ratepayers and fair for taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, over the years, we have had many different long-term and short-term reauthorizations. It is well- documented. It has been one of the frustrations of trying to get consist-ency in the program, but, in the mean-time, it is important that this program move forward. Too many people are counting on NFIP to be there for them that have a closing on a home this week; maybe somebody’s buying a new house for Christmas and they have to have flood insurance. We need to make sure that that program is there for them. So it is important that we continue to keep this going, while negotiations will go on to see if we can get a long- term solution. The House came to-gether and figured out a way to get a 5- year reauthorization, but the Senate wasn’t able to put it together. I have no doubt in the future we are going to have those negotiations and find a way to get a long-term reauthorization for the program. I appreciate all the ef-forts that are being made. But, in the meantime, people know that you can’t just have this program expire as those negotiations go on. So, with that said, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all the parties involved who are negotiating in good faith to try to get this done. Again, I want to thank the gentle-woman from California for her contin-ued efforts to make sure that people, millions of people all across this coun-try have that program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.072 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10569 December 21, 2018 
I want to thank the chairman for his years of service. It has been a long time. We have worked together, both former chairmen of the RSC, and I know he is going to have brighter days ahead. I am sure he is glad that he will have a few more days to live out his current career, but I appreciate the gentleman from Texas’ service over these years to our country in Congress. b1200 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think that what Mr. S
CALISE said is the significant question about this issue, and that is: What do we do today to make sure that we have short-term reauthorization? If we have thoughts other than that, are we reexamining those thoughts in any way, or do we understand the dan-ger that may be imposed upon our abil-ity to get short-term reauthorization with any efforts that we are making to codify or place into law the ability for private insurers to participate in the program, along with the way that they participate for the National Flood In-surance Program? I think the significant question is what Mr. S
CALISE has said: Will we be able to support short-term reauthoriza-tion with whatever we do today? That becomes the question. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority whip for his kind words and our ability to work together to put together a product that we are both proud of and that the House passed. Again, we regret that those on the other side of the Cap-itol have not seen the wisdom to put forth any plan. What we have before us is something that is quite simple. If you believe that you want to create at least 6 months of certainty for the market, for the real estate market, residential market, par-ticularly in flood-prone areas, then you will pass this bill, because this is the one that creates certainty that every single current policy of the NFIP is ex-tended for 6 months. That is what it does. It codifies one particular policy of the NFIP, and this creates more cer-tainty. This is what people have come to the floor to say they want. Again, I lament the fact we are not doing a 5-year reauthorization. I la-ment the fact we are not dealing with many of the challenges that I men-tioned earlier, but at least, today, we can create certainty for 6 months as negotiations continue in the next Con-gress. Mr. Speaker, I urge every Member to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this last-ditch effort to attach harmful policy riders to the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) reauthorization. While H.R. 7388 reau-thorizes the NFIP through May 31, 2019, House Republicans have attached controver-sial policy reforms that have been rejected several times by the House and Senate to a bill that would keep the NFIP’s doors open. This harmful policy change was recently im-plemented administratively by the Trump ad-ministration. This policy reverses the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s (FEMA) ‘‘Write Your Own’’ non-compete clause and would allow private insurance companies partnering with and servicing NFIP policies to sell their own competing private policies to unsuspecting consumers. We should not allow private insur-ers to cherry-pick the best risk policies for their own private businesses and force tax-payers to pick up the rest. The Senate has already unanimously passed a clean extension that does not in-clude this toxic rider. The House should en-sure that flood insurance remains available to millions of homeowners, businesses, and rent-ers across the country that rely on it and pass a clean extension. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HEN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7388. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 3 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1536 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 3 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 21, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 21, 2018, at 12:26 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2432. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 1660. That the Senate passed without amend-ment H.R. 3460. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 6287. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
9/11 MEMORIAL ACT Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 6287) to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and maintenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
On page 2, lines 9 and 10, strike ‘‘, the Pen-tagon, and United Airlines Flight 93’’ and in-sert ‘‘and the Pentagon’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6287, sponsored by Congressman T
OMMACARTHUR , author-izes the Secretary of the Interior to award grants through a competitive process to nonprofit organizations to operate, provide security, maintain, and increase visitation at U.S. memo-rials to the victims of the terrorist at-tacks of September 11, 2001. This bill passed the House by voice vote on Sep-tember 12. Throughout our Nation’s history, Congress has supported public-private partnerships with nongovernmental or-ganizations for the operation and maintenance of memorials and muse-ums of national significance. Such partnerships exist at the Oklahoma City National Memorial and Museum and the United States Holocaust Me-morial Museum, for example. The Senate has amended the bill to remove the Flight 93 site in Pennsyl-vania from the program at the sup-porting foundation’s request. This bill will ensure that our Na-tion’s other 9/11 memorials are main-tained and preserved for future genera-tions to visit, learn, and reflect. May we never forget the nearly 3,000 Ameri-cans we lost that fateful day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.073 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10570 December 21, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6287 would provide grant funding for the operation, secu-rity, and maintenance of the memo-rials honoring those men and women who lost their lives on September 11, 2001. We concur with the Senate amend-ment that modifies the term ‘‘covered memorial.’’ We urge our colleagues to support this amendment one more time. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge concurrence in the Senate amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 6287. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE CERTAIN CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 4174 Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 149) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make certain cor-rections in the enrollment of H.R. 4174. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 149 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 4174, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following corrections: (1) Page 2, beginning line 13, strike ‘‘has the meaning given the term ‘Executive agen-cy’ under section 105’’ and insert ‘‘means an agency referred to under section 901(b) of title 31’’. (2) Page 19, line 13, insert ‘‘for data that does not concern monetary policy’’ after ‘‘open data plan’’. (3) Page 32, beginning line 6, strike ‘‘ca-reer’’ and all that follows through ‘‘title 5)’’ and insert ‘‘nonpolitical appointee em-ployee’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this concurrent resolu-tion would correct the enrollment of H.R. 4174, the Foundations for Evi-dence-Based Policymaking Act, spon-sored by Speaker R
YAN. This important resolution has bipartisan support. I urge all Members to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the resolution before us would change the enrollment of H.R. 4174 to make several corrections to the bill. Concerns were raised earlier today about the impact H.R. 4174 would have on independent agencies, particularly financial regulators. The changes would make clear that the bill should not apply to monetary policy. It would also make clear that title 1 of the bill applies only to the 24 largest Federal agencies. The underlying bill would establish a framework to support greater access and use of government data and help ensure that Congress and the Federal agencies are able to make important policy changes based on the best avail-able evidence. I urge Members to support this reso-lution and the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent reso-lution, H. Con. Res. 149. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, this 15-minute vote on: Suspending the rules and agreeing to H. Con. Res. 149 will be followed by 2- minute votes on suspending the rules and: Concurring in the Senate amendment to H.R. 4174; Passing S. 3277, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 3661, by the yeas and nays; Concurring in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2200, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1023, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1158, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1580, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1862, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 3247, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 512, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 1934, by the yeas and nays; Concurring in the Senate amendment to H.R. 6287, by the yeas and nays; Passing S. 3456, by the yeas and nays; Passing H.R. 7388, by the yeas and nays; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 362, nays 12, not voting 58, as follows: [Roll No. 483] YEAS—362 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.078 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10571 December 21, 2018 
Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—12 
Amash Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Gohmert Gosar Griffith Massie Perry Rokita 
NOT VOTING—58 
Aderholt Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan O’Rourke Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
b1609 Mr. PERRY changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. COHEN and Ms. PELOSI changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FOUNDATIONS FOR EVIDENCE- BASED POLICYMAKING ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 4174) to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evalua-tion activities, improve Federal data management, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 356, nays 17, not voting 59, as follows: 
[Roll No. 484] YEAS—356 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—17 
Amash Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Gaetz Garrett Gohmert Gosar Griffith Harris Hice, Jody B. Johnson (LA) Jordan Massie Perry 
NOT VOTING—59 
Aderholt Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Sensenbrenner Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1614 Mr. GARRETT changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.053 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10572 December 21, 2018 
SPACE FRONTIER ACT OF 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3277) to reduce regulatory bur-dens and streamline processes related to commercial space activities, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 239, nays 137, not voting 56, as follows: 
[Roll No. 485] YEAS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Chabot Chu, Judy Clay Cleaver Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeGette DelBene Demings DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho NAYS—137 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Cohen Cooper Correa Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foxx Gabbard Gallego Gohmert Gomez Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones (MI) Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—56 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1618 Mr. O’HALLERAN, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, and Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds not being in the af-firmative) the motion was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF WORLD WAR II COMMEMORATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3661) to provide for a program of the Department of Defense to com-memorate the 75th anniversary of World War II, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 370, nays 0, not voting 62, as follows: 
[Roll No. 486] YEAS—370 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.085 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10573 December 21, 2018 
Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—62 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Cleaver Courtney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Langevin Larson (CT) Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Scanlon Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1621 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. FREDERICK DOUGLASS TRAF-FICKING VICTIMS PREVENTION AND PROTECTION REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2200) to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 368, nays 7, not voting 57, as follows: 
[Roll No. 487] YEAS—368 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—7 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) Gaetz Gosar Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—57 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Engel Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1624 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.056 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10574 December 21, 2018 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TROPICAL FOREST CONSERVATION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1023) to reauthorize the Trop-ical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 332, nays 43, not voting 57, as follows: 
[Roll No. 488] YEAS—332 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—43 
Amash Biggs Bishop (MI) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Cloud Comer Conaway Davidson DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gohmert Gosar Granger Griffith Harris Hern Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hunter Johnson (LA) Jordan Loudermilk Marshall Massie McClintock Meadows Mooney (WV) Norman Palmer Pearce Perry Posey Sanford Scott, Austin Thornberry Yoho 
NOT VOTING—57 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Graves (LA) Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1627 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 488. f 
ELIE WIESEL GENOCIDE AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1158) to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and inter-national security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to such cri-ses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 367, nays 4, not voting 61, as follows: 
[Roll No. 489] YEAS—367 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.090 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10575 December 21, 2018 
Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—4 
Amash Biggs Gosar Massie 
NOT VOTING—61 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Graves (GA) Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Larson (CT) Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1631 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING GIRLS’ ACCESS TO EDUCATION IN VULNERABLE SETTINGS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1580) to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and sec-ondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 362, nays 5, not voting 65, as follows: 
[Roll No. 490] YEAS—362 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—5 
Amash Biggs Gohmert Massie Sensenbrenner 
NOT VOTING—65 
Arrington Barletta Barton Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Cramer Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Graves (GA) Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Hartzler Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger LaMalfa Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.062 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10576 December 21, 2018 
Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1634 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Friday December 21, 2018, I was unable to vote on rollcall No. 490. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTEC-TION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1862) to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to mod-ify the criteria for determining wheth-er countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 370, nays 0, not voting 62, as follows: 
[Roll No. 491] YEAS—370 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—62 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. McHenry Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1638 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
WOMEN’S ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3247) to improve programs and activities relating to women’s entre-preneurship and economic empower-ment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 352, nays 18, not voting 62, as follows: 
[Roll No. 492] YEAS—352 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.063 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10577 December 21, 2018 
Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—18 
Amash Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Duncan (TN) Gaetz Garrett Gohmert Gosar Harris Hunter King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Massie McClintock Rohrabacher Rokita NOT VOTING—62 
Arrington Barletta Bilirakis Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Graves (LA) Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Scalise Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1643 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION AND MODERNIZATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 512) to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 361, nays 10, not voting 61, as follows: 
[Roll No. 493] YEAS—361 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Scanlon Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—10 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) Grijalva Harris Huffman Johnson (GA) Massie McClintock Schakowsky 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.066 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10578 December 21, 2018 
NOT VOTING—61 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Sarbanes Scalise Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Trott Upton Vela´zquez Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
b1646 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ALASKA REMOTE GENERATOR RE-LIABILITY AND PROTECTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1934) to prevent catastrophic failure or shutdown of remote diesel power engines due to emission control devices, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIM-
KUS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 202, nays 171, not voting 59, as follows: 
[Roll No. 494] YEAS—202 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hunter Hurd Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Rutherford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NAYS—171 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Gaetz Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Harris Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—59 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pelosi Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Scalise Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Upton Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1650 Messrs. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois and KENNEDY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds not being in the af-firmative) the motion was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
9/11 MEMORIAL ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 6287) to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and mainte-nance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 371, nays 3, not voting 58, as follows: 
[Roll No. 495] YEAS—371 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.067 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10579 December 21, 2018 
Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NAYS—3 
Amash Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—58 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pelosi Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Upton Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
b1656 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATHANIEL P. REED HOBE SOUND NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3456) to redesignate Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge as the Na-thaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 365, nays 5, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 60, as follows: 
[Roll No. 496] YEAS—365 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.069 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10580 December 21, 2018 
NAYS—5 
Amash Biggs Grothman Massie Mooney (WV) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Sanford 
NOT VOTING—60 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Garrett Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Upton Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
b1700 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM COMPETITION AND EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7388) to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 148, nays 226, not voting 58, as follows: 
[Roll No. 497] YEAS—148 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Bishop (UT) Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cramer Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Flores Fortenberry Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Granger Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Huizenga Hunter Hurd Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Newhouse Nunes Olson Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walorski Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder NAYS—226 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comer Conaway Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Harper Heck Hern Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lucas Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mitchell Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walden Walker Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—58 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Upton Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
b1706 Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (two-thirds not being in the af-firmative) the motion was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, pursuant to clause 4 of rule XVI, I move that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at noon to-morrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, this 15-minute vote on the motion will be followed by a 2-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 187, noes 184, not voting 61, as follows: 
[Roll No. 498] AYES—187 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.070 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10581 December 21, 2018 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hensarling Hern Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hunter Hurd Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Poliquin Posey Reed Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Harris Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho NOT VOTING—61 
Arrington Barletta Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Capuano Cheney Crowley Denham Ellison Eshoo Ferguson Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Hudson Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Jones (NC) Keating Kind Kinzinger Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Russell Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Upton Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Zeldin 
b1723 Messrs. GOSAR and DUNCAN of South Carolina changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the motion was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the major-ity leader the schedule to come. Mr. Speaker, let me just preface it: I know all of our Members are con-cerned. I know the majority leader, having spoken to him, is very con-cerned about what we are doing and when we are doing it. Members, obvi-ously, Christmas is coming, and they want to know what they can do. I am pleased that the majority leader agreed to have this colloquy to give us a sense of the schedule as he sees it. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), my friend, the majority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Let me bring clarification. I know there is frustration. I am frustrated as well. I know we would like to be home with our family, but there is work still to be done. Wait. There is still good news. Be-cause the flood bill went down on sus-pension, we do not want to leave and have that lying out there. So, after the colloquy is done, we will debate the Senate bill on flood. It will take about 30 minutes, and we will come back for another vote series. I don’t want to say anything, but if the bill passed, we would not be back. After that, tomorrow, there are no votes scheduled. We are waiting on ac-tion in the Senate. When the Senate has action, I will notify everybody, giv-ing them ample time to come for that vote. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the major-ity leader agreed to have a colloquy on the schedule. He has given us the schedule. Obviously, there are still a lot of questions, but I understand, and I ap-preciate the majority leader bringing us as much up to date as he can. Will the flood vote later this after-noon or this evening be the last vote that the gentleman would perceive? Mr. MCCARTHY. For today, yes. I don’t foresee more votes until the Sen-ate acts, if that helps clarify for every-one. Mr. HOYER. I think the Senate vote is still open. Is that accurate? Mr. M
CCARTHY. The Senate vote is still open. There is talk. We have our bill over there. I hope they take action. I hope they find that we can find com-promise, and then we would all come back together and solve this problem. Mr. HOYER. Well, I hope that can happen. We certainly, on this side—I am sure on your side—hope that can happen as well so that we can get home to our families and celebrate Christ-mas. The gentleman does not expect any further votes after the flood vote; is that correct? Mr. M
CCARTHY. The gentleman is correct. The only votes further will be on flood, and, after that, the only vote I see coming forward would be on fund-ing of the government. When the Senate acts, I will give ample time for Members to be able to have that vote. Mr. HOYER. I understand the angst continues. We all have that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1730 NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM EXTENSION ACT Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3628) to reauthorize the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3628 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) F INANCING .—Section 1309(a) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.072 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10582 December 21, 2018 
4016(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘November 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (b) P
ROGRAM EXPIRATION .—Section 1319 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4026) is amended by striking ‘‘Novem-ber 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘May 31, 2019’’. (c) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE.—If this Act is enacted after November 30, 2018, the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect as if enacted on November 30, 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
AC- A
RTHUR ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this is an unfortunate day where we are once again extending the National Flood Program for—I don’t know how many times we have done this. We have been unable to get to the basic reforms that this program demands. But, Mr. Speaker, there are 140 mil-lion Americans who live in coastal counties, millions of whom depend on this program to protect them from flood risk. Without this program, they cannot buy or sell homes. If their poli-cies lapse because we allow the pro-gram to lapse, they will not be able to buy a new policy, and if, God forbid, a storm like Sandy or like the storms that ravaged the Southeast recently, if one of those storms comes along during that lapse, those people will have no coverage. We simply cannot allow our failure to so negatively affect so many millions of Americans. So, today, we are here to extend the program for another 6 months to give a new Congress time to get to some rea-sonable bipartisan reforms that will put this program on a solid footing for the future. I am asking that we pass this bill, this extension. It is not perfect, obvi-ously, but it is better than the alter-native, and we need to get this done be-fore this Congress recesses. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise in support of this legislation, S. 3628, and the gen-tleman, T
OMMACARTHUR , is absolutely correct. We have to do a short-term re-authorization. And because of the pre-vious vote, some people are a little bit confused, but they do not have to worry. The previous bill that we voted on was one where Chairman H
ENSARLING  was attempting to add some language. That failed. So now we have a clean bill before us with one little correction in it, and I would simply ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote so that we can get on with ensuring we have short-term reauthor-ization. And I am pleased to say that we have the support on both sides of the aisle to begin to work on a long-term reauthor-ization, and I think we are going to have good agreement on that. So I would simply ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote today and get this out of the way so that we can move on. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I agree with everything the ranking member said except she turned me into an Irishman. It is ‘‘MacArthur’’ like the general, not ‘‘McCarthy’’ like the majority leader. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), who has been keenly focused on this issue. b1745 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I just want to quickly say that I also regret that we are in a situ-ation where we have to once again do a temporary extension, but it is impor-tant that we do not let this program lapse. Whether it is Hurricane Florence, Hurricane Michael, Hurricane Harvey, Irma, Maria, or many other disasters we have had, Mr. Speaker, we have flood victims that are trying to rebuild their homes, that are trying to get their lives back in order, and to not have a flood insurance program that gives them the confidence and security that they can reinvest back in their homes and businesses is a dangerous thing for us to do, especially right now during this Christmas season. Mr. Speaker, I also want to say, at a 50,000-foot level, we have been myopi-cally focused on flood insurance and only flood insurance policy. Thinking about the fiscal irrespon-sibility of continuing to allow this pro-gram to run the debt that it has, while completely ignoring the fact, Mr. Speaker, that we have spent $1.5 tril-lion on 220 disasters since 1980, ignor-ing the fact that thousands and thou-sands of lives have been lost as a result of our lack of bringing an offense to the table and actually bringing resil-ient projects to the table, and just fo-cusing solely on flood insurance, which is a reactive policy, it is fiscally irre-sponsible. We need to bring an offense and a de-fense to the table. This program needs fundamental reform, but we cannot do it just by cutting checks to people every time there is a disaster. We have got to bring the resiliency measures to the table as part of a package deal here. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption. Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3628. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A COR-RECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF S. 3628 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 148) directing the Secretary of the Sen-ate to make a correction in the enroll-ment of the bill S. 3628. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 148 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628, the Secretary of the Senate shall make the following correction: Strike ‘‘November 30, 2018’’ each place such term appears and insert ‘‘December 7, 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this is a simple tech-nical correction to fix a date error in the suspension bill that we just de-bated. I don’t think it requires any dis-cussion, other than if we want that bill to pass and have effect, we need to change the date, and that is what this bill accomplishes. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Mr. T
OMMACARTHUR is absolutely correct. I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 148. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 3628. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.073 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10583 December 21, 2018 
The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 344, nays 25, not voting 63, as follows: 
[Roll No. 499] YEAS—344 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barraga´n Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—25 
Amash Barr Biggs Brooks (AL) Burgess Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Foxx Gallagher Gosar Hensarling Huizenga Labrador Massie McClintock Mooney (WV) Norman Pearce Perry Schweikert Sensenbrenner Stewart Williams 
NOT VOTING—63 
Arrington Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Brady (PA) Buck Capuano Crowley Denham Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Jordan Keating Kind Larson (CT) Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Meadows Messer Noem Nolan Paulsen Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Vela´zquez Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) 
b1814 Messrs. DUNCAN of South Carolina, GALLAGHER, and D
ESJARLAIS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. GAETZ, Mrs. M
CMORRIS ROD-GERS, and Mr. PALMER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 499. 
f 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM EXTENSION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3628) to reauthorize the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 315, nays 48, not voting 69, as follows: 
[Roll No. 500] YEAS—315 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barraga´n Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hern Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21DE7.117 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10584 December 21, 2018 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—48 
Amash Barr Biggs Brat Brooks (AL) Budd Chabot Cloud Conaway Connolly Davidson DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gohmert Gosar Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Jordan Latta Lesko Luetkemeyer Massie McClintock Meadows Mooney (WV) Norman Palmer Pearce Rokita Rothfus Schweikert Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Stewart Walberg Walker Wenstrup Westerman Williams Yoho 
NOT VOTING—69 
Arrington Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Buck Capuano Carbajal Correa Costa Crowley DeLauro Denham Duncan (TN) Ellison Eshoo Fudge Garamendi Gowdy Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kind Labrador Larson (CT) Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Messer Noem Nolan Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Serrano Shea-Porter Shuster Sinema Smith (TX) Taylor Tsongas Vela´zquez Wagner Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) 
b1821 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, due to unfore-seen circumstances, I was unable to be in at-tendance for Roll Call Vote No. 500. Had I been present I would have voted YES. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 500. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote today on the enroll-ment correction to H.R. 4174, the Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act of 2017 (Roll no. 483), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 4174, the Foundations for Evidence- Based Policymaking Act of 2017 (Roll no. 484), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 3277, the Space Frontier Act of 2018 (Roll no. 485), I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On the House Amendment to S. 3661, the 75th Anniversary of World War II Commemo-ration Act (Roll no. 486), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2200, the Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthor-ization Act of 2018 (Roll no. 487), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1023, the Tropical Forest Conserva-tion Reauthorization Act of 2018 (Roll no. 488), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1158, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018 (Roll no. 489), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1580, the Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act (Roll no. 490), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1862 the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Reauthorization Act of 2017, as amended (Roll no.491), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 3247, the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act of 2018 (Roll no.492), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 512, the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act (Roll no. 493), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 1934, the Alaska Remote Generator Reliability and Protection Act (Roll no. 494), I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 6287, the 9/11 Memorial Act (Roll no. 495), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On S. 3456, a bill to redesignate Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge as the Nathan-iel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Ref-uge, and for other purposes (Roll no. 496), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ On H.R. 7388, a bill to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other pur-poses, (Roll call no. 497) I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On the Motion to Fix the Convening Time (Roll call. no 498) I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On H. Con. Res. 148, the enrollment correc-tion to S. 3628, a bill to reauthorize the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program (Roll call. no 499) I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Additionally, had I been present for the vote on S. 3628, a bill to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program (Roll call. no 500) I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present during roll call vote number 483, 484, 485, 486, 487, 488, 489, 490, 491, 492, 493, 494, 495, 496, 497, 498, 499, and 500 on December 21, 2018, due to a death in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: On rollcall vote No. 483, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 484, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 485, I would have voted no. On rollcall vote No. 486, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 487, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No 488, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 489, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 490, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 491, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 492, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 493, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 494, I would have voted no. On rollcall vote No. 495, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 496, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 497, I would have voted no. On rollcall vote No. 498, I would have voted no. On rollcall vote No. 499, I would have voted yes. On rollcall vote No. 500, I would have voted yes. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2322, CODIFYING USEFUL REG-ULATORY DEFINITIONS ACT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 115–1103) on the resolution (H. Res. 1185) providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2322) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term nat-ural cheese, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 24 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1856 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 6 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. P
OEof Texas (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2606. An act to amend the Act of Au-gust 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes. H.R. 7327. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.079 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10585 December 21, 2018 
vulnerability disclosure policy, to establish a bug bounty program for the Department of Homeland Security, to amend title 41, United States Code, to provide for Federal acquisition supply chain security, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker pro tempore, Mr. M
CHENRY , announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the fol-lowing titles: 
S. 943. An act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate comprehen-sive student count for the purposes of calcu-lating formula allocations for programs under the Johnson-O’Malley Act, and for other purposes. S. 1520. An act to expand recreational fish-ing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other purposes. S. 2076. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of ac-tivities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cog-nitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Pro-gram, and for other purposes. S. 2248. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, and for other purposes. S.2278. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. S. 2736. An act to develop a long-term stra-tegic vision and a comprehensive, multi-faceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, and for other purposes. S. 3530. An act to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Sat-urday, December 22, 2018, at noon. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7237. A letter from the Assistant Secretary of Defense, Special Operations/Low Intensity Conflict, Department of Defense, transmit-ting the FY 2018 annual Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellowship Program Report to Congress, pursuant to title 10, U.S.C. 345; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 7238. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination regard-ing countries of particular concern for hav-ing engaged in or tolerated particularly se-vere violations of religious freedom, pursu-ant to 22 U.S.C. 6442(c)(5); Public Law 105-292, Sec. 402(c)(5) (as amended by Public Law 106- 55, Sec. 2(a)); (113 Stat. 405); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 7239. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting notification of a change to the membership of the Accountability Re-view Board to examine the circumstances surrounding a January 2017 shooting of a U.S. government employee in Guadalajara, Mexico, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 4831(c); Public Law 99-399, Sec. 301(c) (as amended by Public Law 109-140, Sec.3); (119 Stat. 2650); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7240. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a notification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 3(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7241. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18-093, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7242. A letter from the Federal Co-Chair, Appalachian Regional Commission, trans-mitting the Administration’s Semiannual Report to Congress of the Office of Inspector General, covering the period from April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95-452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7243. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Fiscal Year 2018 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Pub-lic Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 7244. A letter from the Director, Congres-sional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Semiannual Report to Congress of the Office of Inspector General, covering the period from April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95-452, of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7245. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Land and Minerals Management, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting Notice of Realty Action: Non-Competive (Direct Sale) and conveyance of Public Land and Mineral Interests of Public Land in Maricopa and Pinal Counties, Arizona, pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1713(c); Public Law 94-579, Sec. 203(c); (90 Stat. 2750); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7246. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Coastal Pelagic Species Fish-eries; Annual Specifications [Docket No.: 170320292-7580-02] (RIN: 0648-XF311) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7247. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fish-ery; Framework Adjustment 56 [Docket No.: 170104014-7683-02] (RIN: 0648-BG53) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 7248. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; State Waters Exemption [Docket No.: 170301213- 7869-02] (RIN: 0648-BG70) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7249. A letter from the Ombudsman for En-ergy Employees, Occupational Compensation Program, Department of Labor, transmitting the 2017 Annual Report of the Ombudsman for the Energy Employees Occupational Ill-ness Compensation Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7385s-15(e)(1); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 108-375, Sec. 3161); (118 Stat. 2185); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7250. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0642; Product Identifier 2018- NM-087-AD; Amendment 39-19507; AD 2018-24- 03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7251. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0633; Product Identifier 2018-NE-22-AD; Amendment 39- 19470; AD 2018-21-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7252. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; CFM International S.A. Turbofan En-gines [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0869; Product Identifier 2018-NE-32-AD; Amendment 39- 19435; AD 2018-20-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 7253. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Leonardo S.p.A. (Type Certificate Pre-viously Held by Finmeccanica S.p.A., AgustaWestland S.p.A) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2017-1081; Product Identifier 2017- SW-090-AD; Amendment 39-19510; AD 2018-24- 06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7254. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2018-0512; Product Identifier 2017-NM- 170-AD; Amendment 39-19513; AD 2018-25-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received December 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.082 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH10586 December 21, 2018 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5054. A bill to provide an exemption for emerging growth companies and other smaller companies from the re-quirements to use Extensive Business Re-porting Language (XBRL) for financial state-ments and other periodic reporting, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1094). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5534. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to provide procedures for guidance issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–1095). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 6158. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to exclude af-filiates and subsidiaries of insured deposi-tory institutions in the definition of deposit broker, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 1096). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 6743. A bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide a na-tional standard for financial institution data security and breach notification on behalf of all consumers, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1097). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 4460. A bill to improve the provision of disaster and mitiga-tion assistance to eligible individuals and households and to eligible State, local, Trib-al, and territorial governments and certain private nonprofit organizations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1098, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. Summary on the Activities of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure for the 115th Con-gress (Rept. 115–1099). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee on Armed Services. Report on the Activities of the Committee on Armed Services for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress (Rept. 115–1100). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 6468. A bill to direct that certain assessments with respect to toxicity of chemicals be carried out by the program offices of the Environ-mental Protection Agency, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1101, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 5503. A bill to authorize the programs of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1102). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1185. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2322) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese (Rept. 115–1103). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5025. A bill to amend the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act to limit the imposition of penalties against a person fish-ing on a United Sates flag fishing vessel in certain areas of the Pacific Ocean based on a report by an observer on such a vessel (Rept. 115–1104). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 6355. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to define petition backlogs and provide expedited means for discharging petitions during such a backlog; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 1105). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Financial Services dis-charged from further consideration H.R. 4460 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 6468. Referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. M ACARTHUR: H.R. 7388. A bill to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 7389. A bill to amend the FAST Act to improve the Federal permitting process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 7390. A bill to extend the various pro-grams authorized under the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Education and the Workforce, Financial Services, Natural Re-sources, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.R. 7391. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of rural emergency medical access services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 7392. A bill to deter criminal robocall violations and improve enforcement of sec-tion 227(b) of the Communications Act of 1934, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 7393. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to promulgate regulations with respect to quality control and oversight of out-of-State care under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself and Mr. B
UDD): H.R. 7394. A bill to prohibit the Federal fi-nancial regulators from requiring compli-ance with the accounting standards update of the Financial Accounting Standards Board related to current expected credit loss (‘‘CECL’’), to require the Securities and Ex-change Commission to take certain impacts of a proposed accounting principle into con-sideration before accepting the principle, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7395. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to allow delivery of medical supplies by unmanned aerial sys-tems, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. VARGAS , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 7396. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a strategy to implement policies and procedures, including the deployment of resources, to ensure the safety of children in CBP and ICE custody, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. H ERN, Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. B
IGGS): H.J. Res. 146. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to prohibit Members of Con-gress from receiving compensation for any period during which a Government shutdown is in effect; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H. Con. Res. 148. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MITCHELL: H. Con. Res. 149. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make certain corrections in the en-rollment of H.R. 4174; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Admin-istration, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned; considered and agreed to. By Mr. MEADOWS: H. Res. 1186. A resolution expressing the sense of Congress that Fort San Juan holds a significant place in the early history of North Carolina and of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE7.033 H21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10587 December 21, 2018 
H. Res. 1187. A resolution commemorating the 30th anniversary of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
271. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Alaska, rel-ative to House Joint Resolution No. 19, com-mending the Arctic Waterways Safety Com-mittee; supporting the adoption of preven-tion measures into international agreements to ensure clear, universal, and enforceable marine safety measures in the Arctic; urging the state’s delegation in the United States Congress and the governor to promote the adoption of spill prevention measures into international agreements; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 272. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Alaska, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 29, urging the United States Congress to reauthorize the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Agriculture and Natural Re-sources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. M ACARTHUR: H.R. 7388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 7389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation con-cerns the exercise of legislative powers gen-erally granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Ar-ticle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of specific legislative powers granted to Congress by that section, includ-ing the exercise of those powers when dele-gated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exer-cises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and Ar-ticle III, in that the legislation defines or af-fects powers of the Judiciary that are sub-ject to legislation by Congress. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 7390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article II, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.R. 7391. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 7392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. FASO: H.R. 7393. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 7394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; and; By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 7396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. NORMAN: H.J. Res. 146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 233: Mr. M ORELLE . H.R. 667: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 771: Mr. M
ORELLE . H.R. 1874: Mr. M
ORELLE . H.R. 2119: Mr. M
ORELLE . H.R. 2719: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3533: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4022: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4052: Mr. M
ORELLE . H.R. 4732: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 5034: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 5499: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
LEAVER , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5697: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 6033: Mr. M
ORELLE . H.R. 6114: Mr. M
ORELLE . H.R. 6184: Mr. M
ORELLE . H.R. 6269: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 6510: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 6646: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 6692: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 6734: Mr. G
OHMERT and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 6759: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 6795: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 6987: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 7030: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 7124: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 7320: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 7360: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 7362: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 7368: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C
LAY, Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 7372: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. K HANNA , and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H. Res. 1031: Mrs. B
EATTY . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
128. The SPEAKER presented a petition of The Common Council of Syracuse, NY, rel-ative to Common Council Resolution No. 36- R 2018, urging Senator Charles Schumer, Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, and Congress-man John Katko to take the necessary ac-tions to ensure that the Violence Against Women Act is reauthorized with all nec-essary funding; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21DE7.100 H21DEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8005 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 2018 No. 202 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the Honorable J
OHN C
ORNYN , a Senator from the State of Texas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Father, strong to save, we put our trust in You. Continue to be our shelter in the time of storm. Guide our lawmakers. Keep ever before them the vision of a better world that is yet to be. May the words of their mouths and the meditations of their hearts be pleasing to You, O Lord, our strength and our Redeemer. Lord, give our Senators pure inten-tions, a steadfast regard for Your glory, and a faith that will not shrink, though pressed by many challenges. We pray, in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, December 21, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHNCORNYN , a Sen- ator from the State of Texas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. CORNYN thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. (Thereupon, Mr. KENNEDY assumed the chair.) Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, the events of the past week should concern every American. This may have been the most chaotic week of what is un-doubtedly the most chaotic Presidency ever in the history of the United States. The stock market is in a tumult and in decline. The Secretary of Defense, one of the only pairs of steady hands in our government, is resigning from the administration in protest. The United States is pulling out of Syria and like-ly Afghanistan, abandoning our coali-tions, allies, and the Kurds, and surren-dering the field to Putin, Iran, Hezbollah, ISIS, the Taliban, and Bashar al-Assad. The positions of Defense Secretary, of Attorney General, of Ambassador to the United Nations, of Interior Sec-retary, and even of Chief of Staff to the President are all in flux. The institutions of our government lack steady and experienced leadership. With all of these departures, it is about to get even more unsteady. The Presi-dent is making decisions without coun-sel, without preparation, and even without communication between rel-evant Departments and relevant Agen-cies. All of this turmoil is causing chaos in the markets, chaos abroad, and it is making the United States less prosperous and less secure. To top it all off, President Trump has thrown a temper tantrum and now has us ca-reening toward a Trump shutdown over Christmas. In a short time, the Senate will take part in a pointless exercise to dem-onstrate to our House colleagues and the President what everyone here al-ready knows: There are not the votes in the Senate for an expensive, tax-payer-funded border wall. President Trump, you will not get your wall. Abandon your shutdown strategy. You are not getting the wall today, next week, or on January 3 when Democrats take control of the House. Just 2 days ago, the Senate came to-gether to support a proposal by Leader M
CCONNELL —unanimously, every Dem-ocrat, every Republican—to extend government funding through February without partisan demands. What it would accomplish would be that the government would not shut down, the fights we are having would be post-poned to a later day, and millions of Americans would not be hurt this Christmas week. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE6.000 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8006 December 21, 2018 
Let me repeat that. The Senate— every Democrat and every Repub-lican—has already unanimously sup-ported a clean extension of government funding. Democrats supported the measure be-cause we do not want to see the gov-ernment shut down. We have no de-mands other than that. We had every indication that the President would sign the legislation—as did our friends the Republicans on the other side of the aisle in the Senate—but yesterday President Trump, hounded by the rad-ical voices of the hard right, threw an-other temper tantrum, and here we are once again, on the brink of what the President has spent months saying he wanted—a Trump shutdown. The President will try to do his best to blame Democrats, but it is flatly ab-surd. President Trump called for a shutdown no fewer than 25 times. In our meeting with the Oval Office, President Trump said: ‘‘If we don’t get what we want . . . I will shut down the government. . . . I am proud to shut it down. So I will take the mantle. . . . I’m not going to blame you.’’ Those are President Trump’s words, and nothing he says or does today can undo that. No Democrat has called for shutting down the government. We are all work-ing to avoid it. The President seems to relish it. He seems to feel he will throw a bone to his base—his base probably being less than one-quarter of America. President Trump, you cannot erase months of video of your saying that you wanted a shutdown and that you wanted the responsibility and blame for a shutdown. President Trump, you own the shutdown. You said so in your own words. President Trump may get his wish, unfortunately, but it doesn’t have to be this way. Democrats have offered two alternatives, and Republicans—Leader M
CCONNELL has offered one. Democrats have offered to pass the six bipartisan appropriations bills, plus a 1-year con-tinuing resolution for Homeland Secu-rity. We have also offered a 1-year con-tinuing resolution for all the remain-ing bills. Republicans have offered to pass a short-term continuing resolu-tion through early February. Each one of those proposals would pass the House and pass the Senate. Each one of those proposals contains $1.3 billion of real border security, not a wall. There is no wall in those proposals. Demo-crats support real border security, not a wall. By the way, that is in addition to the $1.3 billion in border security Congress allocated last year, the vast majority of which the Trump administration has not yet spent. They are asking for loads of more money. They haven’t even spent last year’s money. It is clearly a political gambit by President Trump to appease his never-happy base. On the other hand, a Trump shut-down would result in zero dollars for the Department of Homeland Security over the Christmas holiday. There are several ways for President Trump and congressional Republicans to avoid a shutdown over Christmas—I mentioned three—but there is only one way we will have a Trump shutdown: If President Trump clings to his position for an unnecessary, ineffective, tax-payer-funded border wall that he prom-ised Mexico would pay for. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday the House passed an amended version of the continuing resolution to sustain government funding and sent it here for our consideration. In addition to giving the entire Federal Govern-ment the necessary resources to oper-ate into the new year, this legislation also provides much needed investments in disaster relief for hard-hit commu-nities and in our national security, particularly the integrity of our bor-ders. In my view, this legislation would be quite uncontroversial in a more normal political moment—in a moment when both parties put the obvious national interest ahead of any personal spite for the President. I support the additional border secu-rity and disaster aid that the House added to the bill, and I am proud to vote for it. It is not a radical concept that the American people’s government should be able to control the people and the goods that flow into our coun-try. It is not a radical concept that physical barriers play an important role in achieving security—unless there is a caucus of lawmakers who go to bed at night with their front doors wide open that I am not aware of. What is radical, what is way out of the main-stream, is this absurd premise of the open-borders far left that achieving basic stability and law enforcement on our southern border is somehow in itself without compassion or discrimi-natory or immoral. Fairness and compassion don’t mean enforcing only some of our laws halfheartedly; fairness and compassion mean that we fulfill our governing du-ties for the American people. If we con-tinue to throw up our hands and tol-erate a status quo that is allowing too many drugs and dangerous criminals to travel freely into our land, then this Federal Government is not doing its duty. The facts are clear on this. The need for greater security on our southern border is not some partisan invention; it is an empirical fact, and the need is only growing. Apprehensions along the border have nearly doubled in the past year. The men and women of the Bor-der Patrol are encountering greater numbers of gang members and individ-uals with criminal histories, more fam-ily units, more seizures of cocaine and fentanyl. This is a real crisis. The implications for American communities, for vulner-able children, and for Border Patrol units that are already stretched thin are very real. There is no bright line of principle that sets this request for border fund-ing apart from similar requests that many Democrats have supported in the past. A lot of them have supported this in the past. There is no sharp distinc-tion between the proposal my friends across the aisle have decided to oppose today and proposals they have been happy to endorse in the past. All that has really changed are the political winds way over on the far left. That is what has changed. So let’s not end this year the way we began it—with another shutdown over the issue of illegal immigration. Re-member this back in January? It was all because the Democrats were unwill-ing to support commonsense measures to address it. Let’s advance this legis-lation. Let’s pass it. Let’s finish our work for this year. Let’s secure our country. 
f 
CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVE-MENTS ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the House message to accompany H.R. 695, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. K
YL), and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ) is necessarily absent. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 47, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 274 Leg.] YEAS—47 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21DE6.002 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8007 December 21, 2018 
Johnson Jones Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Feinstein Hatch Heller Isakson Kyl Paul 
(Mr. BOOZMAN assumed the chair.) (Mrs. CAPITO assumed the chair.) (Ms. MURKOWSKI assumed the chair.) The VICE PRESIDENT. On this vote, the yeas are 47, the nays are 47. The Senate being equally divided, the Vice President votes in the affirmative, and the motion is agreed to. 
f 
CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 The Chair lays before the Senate the following message from the House: Resolved, That the House agree to the amendment of the Senate to the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 695), entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the Na-tional Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain in-dividuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes.’’, with an amendment. The VICE PRESIDENT. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. Vice President and colleagues, here where we are. It is now clear there are enough votes to proceed to the pending legislation on government funding, disaster relief, and border security. Within the Republican conference, there is strong support for the Presi-dent’s reasonable request for more re-sources to tackle the urgent situation at our southern border. Republicans support the House-passed bill, which includes additional border security funding. We are also, however, eager to complete the remaining appropriations bills that the Senate has already passed. However, obviously, since any even-tual solution requires 60 votes here in the Senate, it has been clear from the beginning that two things are nec-essary: support from enough Senate Democrats to pass the proposal at 60 and a Presidential signature. As a result, the Senate has voted to proceed to legislation before us in order to preserve maximum flexibility for a productive conversation to con-tinue between the White House and our Democratic colleagues. I hope Senate Democrats will work with the White House on an agreement that can pass both Houses of Congress and receive the President’s signature. Colleagues, when an agreement is reached, it will receive a vote here on the Senate floor. MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 695. The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is pending. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, as we said to President Trump a week ago, his wall does not have 60 votes here in the Senate, let alone 50 votes. That much is now clear. The Democrats have offered three proposals to keep the government open, including a proposal offered by Leader M
CCONNELL that passed the Senate unanimously only a few days ago. We are willing to continue discus-sions on those proposals with the lead-er, the President, the Speaker of the House, and the leader of the House. All five are necessary to get something done. I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I thank the two leaders for what they have done today. Even though I know some people who are tuning in may not understand what just happened, the understanding that has been reached—and I thank Senator F
LAKE and Senator J ONES and others— is that we are not voting on anything else in this Chamber relative to this issue until a global agreement has been reached between the President and these two leaders and the leader of the House. There will not be test votes, and there is not going to be a tabling vote. The Vice President has been over here with his members, negotiating already. What this does, I think, is to push this ahead to a negotiation that will yield a result, and we will do the best we can to keep from shutting down the government, or if it does shut down, it will shut down very briefly. I thank the two leaders for agreeing to go forward in this manner. It allows us to move forward in a positive way, yet keeps the negotiations alive. Only a bill can pass this Chamber now that has all of their agreement. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I thank the two leaders of this agreement, the Senator from Tennessee, the Senator from Alabama—Mr. J
ONES —and others who have worked to ensure that the next vote we will have in this Chamber will be on an agreement as Senator CORKER said—not a test vote, not a clo-ture vote. What I wanted to do with not pro-ceeding is to demonstrate that not all Republicans would be for the House bill either. There is no path forward for the House bill. The only path forward is to a bill that has an agreement between the President and both Houses of Con-gress. The next time we vote, it will be on the agreement. It will not be an-other test vote. I yield the floor. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following my remarks, the Senator from Dela-ware, Mr. C
OONS , be recognized. The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there ob-jection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I thank Senator C
ORKER , Senator F LAKE , and the leaders, Senator M
CCONNELL  and Senator S
CHUMER , for their discus-sions. I thank the Vice President for his presence here today. In my own view, government shut-downs ought not to be a part of budget negotiations any more than chemical weapons should be a part of warfare. We were elected to make the govern-ment run for taxpayers, not to shut it down. My hope is that this will put us on a path toward a result and will rec-ognize the President’s desire for in-creased border security, which we sup-port and many Democrats support, and we can finish our appropriations proc-ess. What I would like to do now is to say a few words about what was described in a very famous movie in which Jimmy Stewart played, ‘‘Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,’’ as democracy’s finest show—the right to talk your head off in the legislative filibuster. Lest someone says, ‘‘Well, Senator Alexander, you just announced you are not going to run for reelection in 2 years, so you are going to change your tune,’’ I am not changing my tune. The remarks I made in 2011 at the Heritage Foundation about the tradi-tion of the legislative filibuster—per-haps the best known part of the U.S. Senate—can be found at https://www. alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/ speechesfloorstatements?ID=23BE8F64- 7708-4E5D-86AD-F1F8C7EE6F30. You can also find Senator S
USAN  C
OLLINS ’ letter regarding the legisla-tive filibuster on April 7, 2017, at https://www.collins.senate.gov/ newsroom/senators-collins-coons-lead- effort-preserve-60-vote-threshold- legislation. I would like to tell a story, Mr. Vice President. In 1978, a young Utah Senator came here. He was conservative. He didn’t know what he could not do, so he took on the Democratic establishment on its most important issue. O
RRIN HATCH  was the Senator. He is our longest serving Republican Senator, and he is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:10 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE6.001 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8008 December 21, 2018 
retiring this year. What he decided to do was to challenge the Democratic leadership that wanted to pass orga-nized labor’s major objective of the time. It was something that would have changed the relationship between employers and employees for years to come. Now, at that time in 1978, there was a Democratic President, Jimmy Carter. There were 62 Democrat Senators— more than enough to pass a bill. There were 292 House Members. So, if O
RRIN H
ATCH had not been new and young and if he had known more about what he had been doing, he probably wouldn’t have even tried this, but he did try it. He won. He offered 1,200 amendments. Senator Byrd, who was the distin-guished majority leader of the Senate, tried six times to cut off debate—we call that cloture here in the Senate— and he didn’t get 60 votes. Six different times, he tried to cut that off. The end result was that the minority view—the Republican view at that time—pre-vailed against a Democratic President, a Democratic House, and a Democratic Senate. That happened before. It happened in the 1960s. Everett Dirksen was the Republican leader of the U.S. Senate, sitting right over there. He had even fewer Republican Senators. When O
RRIN HATCH did his work in 1978, there were 38 Republican Senators, and Dirksen had fewer than that. Lyndon Johnson and George Meany and the American labor move-ment decided that they wanted, in ef-fect, to make it illegal for any State to have a right-to-work law. That is what they wanted to do, and they thought they could do it except that the legisla-tive filibuster was in place. At that time, it took 67 votes. Everett Dirksen toured the country, and he was able to defeat a measure that was supported by overwhelming Democratic majorities. Now, why do I tell those stories? It is because the shoe is on the other foot right now. The Republicans are in charge. We hear many people, including the President say: Get rid of the filibuster. Get rid of the legislative majority. Let’s do it our way. We should not do that. We have never done that in the U.S. Senate. The Sen-ate has always been different. One Senator said to me a few min-utes ago that it is the whole reason he came to the Senate from the House. It was so that every time the majority got an idea, it wouldn’t be like a freight train running through the Sen-ate. One of the major purposes of the legislative filibuster is to protect the minority in this country. A young Frenchman wandered through America in the 1830s. His name was Alexis de Tocqueville. He wrote a book, entitled ‘‘Democracy in Amer-ica,’’ that is, maybe, the best book on democracy in America that has ever been written. It was very perceptive. He said that he saw, looking ahead, two potential problems for the Amer-ican democracy. One, he said, was Rus-sia. That was prescient. The other, he said, was the tyranny of the majority. Alexis de Tocqueville said in the 1830s that one of the great problems for our country might be the tyranny of the majority, and it is the U.S. Senate that is a bulwark to prevent the tyranny of the majority in the American democ-racy. It has been from the beginning, and it is today. Now, some of our Republican friends and conservative friends and some-times our Presidents say: Well, let’s get rid of it. We might think about the fact that we Republicans, we conserv-atives, are usually the ones in the mi-nority. We are usually the ones needing protection. Since World War II—nearly 70 years—Democrats have had com-plete control of the U.S. Government— they have had the Senate, they have had the House, they have had the Pres-idency—for 22 years, and Republicans have had it for 8 years. Democrats have had control 22 years, and we, 8 years. So democracy’s finest hour—the right to talk your head off, the opportunity for extended debate—has benefited our side, Democrats could say, more than their side. So why should we be the ones who are trying to change it? In fact, we weren’t. In 1995, after the big Republican sweep—you know, we have these. One of us is in charge, and then the people get tired of us, and they put the other ones in charge. So in 1995, after the big Republican sweep, Republicans were in charge of the Senate, and a Democratic Senator said: Let’s get rid of the legis-lative filibuster—at least change it. Every single Republican, even while the Republicans were completely in charge of the Senate, voted no. The essence of the Senate is the right to extended debate, the right to talk our heads off, America’s finest hour, and then we will vote when we think we are ready to stop debate. It used to be 67; now it is 60. For a long time, there wasn’t any limit on it; it just went on forever. President Wilson got mad about it a century ago, and so the Senate said: OK, we will debate until 67 of us think we should stop. Then we changed that, and now it is 60. Some of the most eloquent defenses of the legislative filibuster came from the late Senator Byrd. I remember hearing his last speech he made in the Rules Committee where he said that the legislative filibuster is the nec-essary fence against the excesses of the popular will, the excesses of the Execu-tive. It was the necessary fence, he said, and we should keep it. This fractured Nation needs a con-sensus-building institution, and requir-ing 60 votes to pass major legislation is the discipline that forces us to come together. I saw the Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
URRAY , on the floor a little ear-lier. We worked on the legislation to fix No Child Left Behind. That wasn’t easy to do. Everybody has an opinion about kindergarten through the 12th grade. We are all experts on education. Yet we worked and we worked and we worked, and finally we probably got 85 votes for that. You know what. We made some big changes, but people ac-cepted it. It is a lasting solution. Teachers at 100,000 public schools don’t have to worry about our zigging and zagging and changing Federal edu-cation policy for the next several years because we talked about it until we came to a conclusion about it and ac-cepted it. An example of the other way to do it is ObamaCare. Eight years ago, Demo-crats had the majority, so all the Democrats voted for it, and all the Re-publicans voted against it. What has happened? We have been trying to re-peal it ever since it passed. It is just a constant state of agitation and a stale-mate of debate. The tradition has been different for nominations, and sometimes people get confused about that. The legislative filibuster is one thing; nominations are another thing. Until recently, they have always been decided by a majority vote. Now, they could have been de-cided by 60 votes, but they weren’t—at least ever since a century ago. I am not interested at this time in assigning blame to Democrats or to Re-publicans for what has happened on nominations, but the fact is that even though a Senator could have required 60 votes, there never has been a Cabi-net member who was required to be confirmed by more than 51 votes. There never has been a Federal district judge who had to get 60 votes to be con-firmed, and there never had been a Su-preme Court Justice, with the excep-tion of Justice Fortas. I see the majority leader, and I would be glad to suspend. Mr. MCCONNELL. I expect my friend from Tennessee is going to make this point in a moment, but if ever there were a stressful moment for the tradi-tion that even though it was possible to filibuster the Executive Calendar, it was not done, would my friend agree that it would have to be the Clarence Thomas nomination for the Supreme Court? Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, I would agree with that. And we could get into a lively dispute among us about who shot John and who scratched whose back and whose fault it all is, whether the Democrats, who in 2003 began for the first time to re-quire 60 votes for circuit judges, or the Republicans, who stopped a couple of President Obama’s judges, are at fault. The fact is, I believe—I know for a fact that most of us believe we should keep the legislative filibuster. How do I know that? Because Senator C
OLLINS , who is presiding at the mo-ment, and Senator C
OONS , who will speak following my remarks, offered into the R
ECORD on April 7, 2017, a let-ter from 29 Republicans and 32 Demo-crats that said: We are mindful of the unique role the Senate plays in the leg-islative process. We are steadfastly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21DE6.016 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8009 December 21, 2018 
committed to ensuring this great American institution continues to serve as the world’s greatest delibera-tive body. Therefore, we are asking you to join us in opposing any effort to cur-tail the existing rights and preroga-tives of Senators to engage in full, ro-bust, and extended debate as we con-sider legislation before this body in the future. That is 61 Senators on record about the legislative filibuster. So one reason the legislative filibuster is going to stay is because there are not the votes to change it. As I come to a conclusion, let me offer a better reason not to change it and a reason why we should change it if we consider it in the right way. We have rules in this body. In order to change a standing rule of the Senate, it takes at least 60 votes to get cloture. It has been proposed—and both sides have before—to use what we call the nuclear option, which is a parliamentary ma-neuver that allows the Senate to change a rule without getting 60 votes. This is a country that prizes the rule of law. I have heard President Trump say that. I have heard President Obama say that. I have heard most of us say that. I would ask, if we don’t follow our own rules, why would we expect the American people to follow the rules we write? We are the main rule-writing or-ganization in the United States of America. We ought to follow our own rules. When we didn’t and used the so- called nuclear option in 2013, a Demo-cratic Senator who is greatly re-spected, Senator Levin, said that ‘‘a Senate in which a majority can always change the rules is a Senate without any rules.’’ A Senate in which the ma-jority can always change the rules without following the rules is like a football game where the home team can say: If you gain 9 yards, that is a first down; or if they make a three- point shot and they need four, they count it as four. That is not the rule of law. I make these remarks—and I hope the Senator from Delaware is still here and willing to stay—I make these re-marks just to remind the country and to remind the Members of the Senate that 61 of us have already signed a let-ter saying that the legislative fili-buster—the right to extended debate, the opportunity to talk your head off in defense of what you want, the abil-ity of this body to function as a bul-wark against the tyranny of the major-ity and, in this fractured country, as an institution that can produce a con-sensus that is lasting and accepted by most people—is the most valuable part of this body, and we ought not to trifle with it whether we are in the majority or in the minority, and we ought to make that clear. If we ever do decide we want to talk about it and change it, we should fol-low the rules. We have rules. It takes at least 60 votes to change a standing rule. I want to put a stop to this talk about breaking the rules to change the rules of the Senate. I will not vote to turn the Senate into a rule-breaking institution, and I hope that if that op-portunity ever arises, my colleagues will vote the same way, as 61 of them did in the letter Senator C
OLLINS and Senator C
OONS signed. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. C
OL-
LINS). The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Madam President, the remarks just concluded by my friend and colleague from Tennessee help make it clear why many of us do not look forward to his departure at the end of the upcoming Congress to the better vales of retirement. We are so grateful for the balance and the meas-ured leadership of the Senator from Tennessee. He reminds us of the best of our history and what it is that the Sen-ate has stood for and the role that we play in our constitutional order. I will simply briefly thank him for his re-marks. I thank the Presiding Officer for her hard work to make sure this letter was presented to the leaders of both cau-cuses with 61 signatures. We frankly could have gotten more, but in the press of the work of that day, April 7, 2017, we thought it important to get on the record, in signature, individual Senators saying that we are committed to not change the rules of the Senate on the Senate filibuster rules regarding legislation. I am committed to never voting to change the legislative fili-buster. I will simply conclude by saying to my friend, my colleague from Ten-nessee, that I think there is important work for us to do here to strengthen our role. A number of the retiring Members gave floor speeches in recent days where they talked about the ways in which this body—we do not listen to each other enough, we do not debate each other enough, and we do not work across the aisle enough. If we are to play the role the Founders intended, we must do more of that, not less. The agreement just reached here that will allow us to negotiate in good faith towards a resolution of the impending shutdown—the fiscal standoff between the White House, the House, and the Senate—is exactly the kind of example I would like to point to where Members listen to each other and work out the kind of resolution that allows us to skip dozens of intervening test votes and move right to the resolution. This body has a critical role to play. As my friend and colleague from Ten-nessee pointed out, rule of law is at the very foundation of our constitutional Republic. We are at a moment in our history where many question the sta-bility of our commitment to the rule of law. Nobody will play a more impor-tant role in reassuring our markets, our communities, our society, and the world that democracy—the delibera-tive, respectful resolution of disputes, not through violence but through de-bate and through votes by the elected representatives of our people—is the best system for the governance of soci-eties on Earth. No better proof of that can be given than by this body con-ducting itself in the sort of disciplined, reasonable, appropriate way that the rules of the Senate allow for. Thus, I will not vote and I will suggest that the signature of the Presiding Officer also reinforces that she and many oth-ers here, on a bipartisan basis, will not vote to take the rash step of changing the rules of the Senate to turn us into the House and to remove the last bul-wark, as my friend and colleague said, that ensures that we have the right to talk our heads off whenever we might so choose. I yield to my friend and colleague, the Senator from Alabama. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alabama is recognized. Mr. JONES. Madam President, let me also thank my colleagues from Ten-nessee and Delaware. I will tell you I wasn’t here when that letter circulated; however, if you want to do an addendum, you have my permission to add my name to that let-ter because it is that important. I ap-preciate so much your comments. I have been here almost 1 year now. What I have seen is, it is often so easy, in our polarized political climate we have, that when issues we have faced like today come up, people go to their corners and it is the proverbial line in the sand and everybody wants to talk at each other and not to each other. So I appreciate very much Leader M
CCONNELL and Leader S CHUMER , who worked with my colleagues Senator F
LAKE and Senator C ORKER in trying to make sure a motion to proceed is sim-ply a motion to proceed to talk, to have those dialogues, so we can go about the business of government as we leave for the holidays at some point. I believe what has happened here late this afternoon is an important step, and it is especially an important step going into the next Congress to tell folks who are coming in and those of us who are coming back that we want to make sure we were put here to get something done, not just retreat to our corners. I thank everyone who was involved late this afternoon trying to make sure this agreement was reached. I am anx-ious for our leaders to proceed so we can go about the business of running this United States and that we can go into these holidays with the assurance we will come back to do things for the American people. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, when I conclude my comments, I am going to ask consent that I can allow Senator V
ANHOLLEN to speak, and then I will speak after him for the pur-poses of a unanimous consent request. There is no such thing as a good shutdown. I certainly was encouraged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21DE6.014 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8010 December 21, 2018 
to hear the progress we made about half an hour ago, when the majority leader and the Democratic leader talked about discussions that are tak-ing place. We hope that later this evening we will have an agreement that can pass the Senate and the House and be signed by the President. I want to make this clear. Any gov-ernment shutdown is unacceptable. It costs the taxpayers money. It incon-veniences the public, and it is certainly not fair to our Federal workforce. This particular shutdown would affect 800,000 of our employees, our Federal workforce. About half would be asked to work but would not get a paycheck, and about half would be furloughed without compensation. I am very proud and Senator V
AN H
OLLEN is very proud of the Federal workforce that live in the State of Maryland, but my colleagues should recognize that 85 percent of the Federal employees live and work outside of the Washington, DC, area. This affects each one of our States and people who are working in each one of our States. I also wish to point out that over 30 percent of the Federal workforce are veterans who have already served our country in uniform and are now serv-ing their country as public servants in the Federal workforce. Let me tell you what they are in for and the reason why we are going to be asking a unanimous consent request. Without legislation being enacted, the individuals who are going to be re-quired to work will have to work with-out getting paid, and then when gov-ernment restarts, they can get a pay-check for the work they have done. Those who are on furlough would never receive any funds, even though it was not their fault or responsibility that they couldn’t work. Those who have leave time would lose that leave time as a result of the government shut-down. The legislation for which we are going to ask consent in a few minutes would make it clear to these Federal workers that as soon as we can after a shutdown—again, I hope there is not a shutdown, but if we have a shutdown, as soon as the shutdown ends—the next available time, our Federal workforce would receive their compensation. So they know that at least they are going to get their salary when the govern-ment reopens and that anxiety can be removed, because right now they don’t know if they are going to be able to get their compensation when the govern-ment shutdown ends. They recognize that we will do the fair way with their leave time so they don’t lose their leave time. When we have opened government in the past, when we have had shutdowns, as part of the reopening process, we have included this type of legislation. We don’t know how long the shutdown would be, if we have a shutdown, which I hope we don’t have, but it would be in all of our interests to tell our Federal workforce that we hope there is no shutdown, but if there is, they will be paid at the first available time when the government reopens. That is the purpose of this legislation. I am pleased we have been able to clear it on both sides. I wish to first yield through the Chair to my colleague from Mary-land. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland is recognized. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, I want to thank my colleague from Maryland, Senator CARDIN , for his leadership on this issue, among many others, and start by agreeing with him that, first and foremost, we should avoid a government shutdown. That is exactly what this Senate did on a bi-partisan basis just a few days ago. We passed an agreement. None of us loved it, but we all recognized that it was a better alternative than shutting down the government. That, of course, went over to the House, and we know what happened to it there. I hope we will continue to work together to avoid a government shutdown. The proposal that Senator C
ARDIN  and I are putting forward is very sim-ple. Federal employees should not be punished by the shutdown. They have nothing to do with the dysfunction that would cause a government shut-down, and they should not be the ones who have to bear the burden and the penalty of something totally beyond their control—a government shutdown. That is what this is about. As Senator C
ARDIN indicated, often after shutdowns are over, the Congress and the White House do the right thing, and we provide retroactive com-pensation to Federal employees, but it is not guaranteed. It always could be changed. It might not happen. What we are trying to do is to make sure that as Federal employees watch the spectacle here on Capitol Hill and they are thinking about joining their families for Christmas or other things over the holidays, they don’t have to have the uncertainty, if there is a government shutdown, about whether or not they are going to get a paycheck to pay all of the bills that will stack up over that period of time. Let’s provide confidence and certainty upfront that Federal em-ployees don’t have to pay the penalty for dysfunction in Washington. That is what this bill does. I want to stress that if we go into a shutdown, Federal employees—both those who are still working during the shutdown, as well as those who are fur-loughed—go without paychecks. They have bills to pay. They have mort-gages. They have rent. They have all sort of costs that will pile up. No mat-ter what, they will bear a burden from the dysfunction in a government shut-down, along with many other people in the country who will see a disruption of Federal Government operations. They will still bear an unfair burden. I also want to thank our Republican colleagues for agreeing with this in a unanimous consent request. What we are doing today is to say to people, to hard-working Federal employees: Rest assured that after that difficult period goes by, if there is a shutdown, you will be assured and you will have the certainty that you are going to be able to get your pay and make those pay-ments to make sure that you don’t fall further behind. It is the least we can do at this mo-ment. Let’s hope we don’t have to use this provision that we are passing in the Senate today, but it is an impor-tant insurance policy, an important se-curity blanket as the hours tick by and we are not sure whether or not we will have an agreement by midnight this evening. I want to thank our colleagues, and I want to yield back to the senior Sen-ator from Maryland for the purposes of making the motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland is recognized. MR. CARDIN. Madam President, I want to thank Senator VANHOLLEN for his leadership on this issue and on so many issues that affect our Federal workforce. He has been a true cham-pion. I want to underscore two points he made. One, the majority of our workforce depends on their paycheck in order to meet their monthly and weekly needs. If they do not get their paycheck on time, they run a real risk of being in default on meeting their family needs—whether it is a mortgage payment, food, or utility bills. They are at risk. They are at risk even though they will get a paycheck later. I just want to underscore the inconven-ience and the danger. A recent poll by AFGE indicated that 78 percent of their members have been impacted in this way during a govern-ment shutdown. So this is a large per-centage of our Federal workforce. The second thing I want to emphasize from Senator V
ANHOLLEN ’s comments is the fact that we don’t want to see a shutdown. Quite frankly, I would like to see appropriations bills done and not a CR, not a continuing resolution. We did get some of the appropria-tions bills done on time; that is, Octo-ber 1 for the fiscal year. But, unfortu-nately, 9 of the 15 Federal Departments and dozens of Agencies did not have an appropriations bill passed by October 1 and are in danger of running out of funds at midnight tonight. That is why it is important that, at least, we pass a continuing resolution in order to keep those Agencies functioning. It includes the Department of Commerce, NASA, the National Park Service, the Forest Service, the Department of Transpor-tation, HUD, IRS staff—and I could mention many, many others. So the purpose of the unanimous con-sent request that I will be making is to tell our Federal workforce that we are going to continue to fight to keep gov-ernment functioning. We hope we can get it done in the next 5 hours, but if for any reason we miss that deadline and we have a government shutdown, by this action we are telling you that when we have appropriations restored, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21DE6.007 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8011 December 21, 2018 
you will be compensated during this period of time. 
f 
FEDERAL EMPLOYEE FAIR TREATMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 290, S. 2274. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk: 
A bill (S. 2274) to provide for the compensa-tion of Federal employees affected by lapses in appropriations. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2274) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed as follows: 
S. 2274 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Em-ployee Fair Treatment Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPENSATION FOR FEDERAL EMPLOY-EES AFFECTED BY A LAPSE IN AP-PROPRIATIONS. 
Section 1341 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘An of-ficer’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as specified in this subchapter or any other provision of law, an officer’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c)(1) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘covered lapse in appropria-tions’ means any lapse in appropriations that begins on or after December 22, 2017; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘excepted employee’ means an excepted employee or an employee per-forming emergency work, as such terms are defined by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment. ‘‘(2) Each Federal employee furloughed as a result of a covered lapse in appropriations shall be paid for the period of the lapse in ap-propriations, and each excepted employee who is required to perform work during a covered lapse in appropriations shall be paid for such work, at the employee’s standard rate of pay, at the earliest date possible after the lapse in appropriations ends, regardless of scheduled pay dates. ‘‘(3) During a covered lapse in appropria-tions, each excepted employee who is re-quired to perform work shall be entitled to use leave under chapter 63 of title 5, or any other applicable law governing the use of leave by the excepted employee, for which compensation shall be paid at the earliest date possible after the lapse in appropria-tions ends, regardless of scheduled pay dates.’’. 
Mr. CARDIN. I yield the floor to Mr. V
ANHOLLEN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, I thank my colleague from Mary-land and the body and now urge the House of Representatives to take this up immediately. This has now passed the U.S. Senate, and they now have an opportunity to pass this over in the House, and I would urge them to do it this evening or as soon as possible so that we can provide certainty and con-fidence to hard-working Federal em-ployees. Again, we want to avoid a shutdown, but we need to provide an insurance policy in the event that it does shut down. Mr. CARDIN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF THE SENATE TO MAKE A COR-RECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF THE BILL S. 3628 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 148, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 148) directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 148) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GUATEMALA Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, like many Members of Congress who have long supported efforts to help build an independent judiciary and reduce pub-lic corruption and impunity in Guate-mala, I have observed a pattern of alarming actions by President Morales’s administration and his allies in Guatemala’s Congress to thwart these efforts. In the latest development, earlier this week, the Guatemalan Ministry of Foreign Affairs withdrew the diplo-matic immunity of 11 investigators and other personnel of the International Commission against Impunity in Gua-temala, CICIG, and ordered them to leave the country. This followed an an-nouncement by the Minister of Interior of the removal of another 15 high-rank-ing police officials from their posts. Over the years, the United States has invested many tens of millions of dol-lars to support the national police, the attorney general’s office, and CICIG. These actions by the Morales’s admin-istration directly undermine those in-vestments and indicate that it cannot be trusted to keep its word and is not serious about upholding the rule of law. Working jointly with the Attorney General’s Office, CICIG has inves-tigated cases of public corruption and other serious crimes. It has helped to strengthen the investigative capabili-ties of the attorney general’s office and the police and promoted key criminal justice reforms. For this reason, CICIG, its commissioner, and the former at-torney general have been the target of acts of intimidation and a smear cam-paign orchestrated by the Morales’s ad-ministration and its allies in the mili-tary and the media. These actions by the government threaten CICIG’ s inde-pendence and its ability to function ef-fectively. According to information I have received, the professionals whose diplomatic immunity and visas were revoked include investigators and law-yers involved in some of the most sen-sitive cases related to alleged corrup-tion and illicit campaign financing by top government officials. Other actions by Guatemalan au-thorities are equally disturbing. Since assuming office in January 2018, Min-ister of Interior Enrique Degenhart has, on multiple occasions, removed or relocated senior national police offi-cers and detectives. Most of these offi-cers had many years of experience in criminal investigations, counter-narcotics, and other specialized areas. Most were trained by the United States. Even worse, the Minister has reportedly appointed police officials with alleged links to the military and promoted officers without transparent, merit-based processes, undermining ef-forts to build a professional, trans-parent, and accountable police force. This threatens our ability to continue working with the police, which has in the past been infiltrated by organized crime, to combat narcotics trafficking, money laundering, and other transnational criminal activity. In 2009, working with key Guate-malan law enforcement agencies, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21DE6.008 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8012 December 21, 2018 
CICIG helped establish a wiretapping unit within the Attorney General’s Of-fice. Prior to that, wiretaps were ille-gal. The unit, which has been sup-ported by the United States, has been instrumental in helping the Attorney General investigate and dismantle complex criminal networks. Report-edly, among the officers recently re-moved by Minister Degenhart was the director of the wiretapping unit. If we have learned anything over many years of trying to assist the countries of Central America build the institutions of government necessary to effectively combat corruption and impunity, it is that without partners who care at least as much about these issues as we do it is a fruitless exercise and a waste of U.S. taxpayers’ money. What is happening today in Guate-mala is a repeat of what we have ob-served many times before. New govern-ment officials take office, they profess their commitment to democratic ideals, the rule of law, and judicial independence, and then, when their own misdeeds become the focus of criminal investigations, they show their true colors. They ignore rulings by the country’s highest courts. They seek to replace magistrates who cannot be intimi-dated, with cronies who will shield them from the law. They expel inter-national prosecutors on grounds of ‘‘sovereignty.’’ They threaten those whose job it is to apply the law. They try to intimidate their political oppo-nents. It is the same sad story. I recently met Constitutional Court Magistrate Gloria Patria Porras Escobar, an experienced and inter-nationally respected jurist and former prosecutor known for her independence and courage. She, like others who have honored their professions, is an exam-ple of what Guatemala needs; yet she is being vilified by those who seek to sub-vert the institutions of justice. The people of Guatemala deserve bet-ter. They have demanded an end to cor-ruption, an end to impunity, and an end to public officials who care more about enriching and protecting them-selves than they do about addressing the needs of their people. The Guate-malan people overwhelming support the attorney general’s office and CICIG, which have, for the first time in the country’s history, shown that pub-lic officials who abuse their authority are not above the law. President Morales’s administration has less than a year left in office. Let us hope that he quickly reverses course because the path he is on will jeop-ardize further U.S. support for his gov-ernment’s participation in the Alliance for Prosperity. Otherwise, we will have no choice but to wait for a government in Guatemala that has the integrity to be a credible partner of the United States. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) GOVERNMENT FUNDING ∑Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, I rise today regarding President Trump’s reversal of his commitment to support a short-term government fund-ing bill and defer further spending ne-gotiations until February. The Senate voted late Wednesday night on bipartisan legislation to avoid a government shutdown right before Christmas. I supported that legislation, and my position has not changed. I do not support President Trump’s wall proposal, and I do not believe the President should shut down the govern-ment over it. Senate Majority Leader MITCH M
CCONNELL scheduled a vote on a straightforward, 7-week continuing res-olution because the White House com-mitted to him that President Trump would sign it into law. The Senate voted on that legislation with the un-derstanding that the President would sign it and defer any further debate over his wall until February. President Trump’s reversal of his commitment to sign the continuing resolution has now placed the Federal Government on the brink of a shut-down. Everyone knows that Trump’s border wall proposal cannot get the 60 votes it needs in order to pass the Senate. That is an inescapable fact that the Presi-dent needs to finally accept. I cannot support the version of the short-term continuing resolution that the House passed last night. The $5.7 billion in wall funding added by House Republicans is accompanied by no meaningful justification from the White House. Earlier this year, Presi-dent Trump requested $1.6 billion in wall funding. That was the amount re-quested in the President’s official budget submitted to Congress. That was the amount that would be provided under the spending bill approved by the Senate Appropriations Committee. Now, however, the President says he needs $5 billion. The House version of the short-term continuing resolution also contains al-most $8 billion in disaster funding that would help victims of this year’s dev-astating wildfires, which I would sup-port. However, this disaster funding is not necessary now as when Federal dis-aster assistance accounts retain suffi-cient balances for the purposes of im-mediate recovery needs. Unfortunately, due to the timing of the vote and difficulties incurred in re-turning to Washington, DC, I was un-able to cast my vote in person. This statement in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD is intended to make clear that, if present, I would have voted no. Thank you.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING PRESIDENT GEORGE H.W. BUSH Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I was honored to attend the ceremonies in the Capitol Rotunda and at Wash-ington National Cathedral for former President George H.W. Bush. I first met President Bush when he was Vice President and I was the speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates. He vis-ited Annapolis, and I presented him with a Maryland tie. He immediately took off his tie, which he gave to me, and put on the Maryland tie, which he wore with pride. He had a keen eye for detail, for the little things. I had a book on a shelf in my office which was still in the shrink-wrap packaging. He sent me a note—one of his thousands of famous personal notes—gently ribbing me, writing, ‘‘It’s good to see you are keeping up on your reading.’’ I thing George H.W. Bush may have been the most qualified person ever elected President, starting all the way back to his high school years at Phil-lips Academy Andover, where he was president of the senior class, secretary of the student council, a member of the editorial board of the school news-paper, and captain of the varsity base-ball and soccer teams. He was one of the youngest aviators in the Navy at the beginning of World War II and was barely 20 when his Grumman TBM Avenger was hit by flak during an at-tack on Japanese installations on Chichijima. He calmly delivered his payload, scoring several hits, before flying as far away from the island as he could in a plane with its engines on fire. He bailed out and ended up in an inflatable raft for four hours before being rescued by the submarine USS Finback. He flew 58 combat missions, for which he received the Distinguished Flying Cross, three Air Medals, and the Presidential Unit Citation awarded to the USS San Jacinto. After his military service, he went to Yale University, graduating with a bachelor of arts degree in economics in 21⁄2years. He was president of his fra-ternity, captain of the Yale varsity baseball team, and elected to Phi Beta Kappa. He could have stayed back east in Connecticut, where his father Pres-cott would be elected to the U.S. Sen-ate in a special election in 1952, but George Bush moved to Texas with his wife Barbara and their young son George W. Bush, where he cofounded Zapata Petroleum Corporation. He was a successful businessman when he ran for the U.S. Senate in 1964, losing to the Democratic incumbent, Ralph Yar-borough. Two years later, however, he was elected to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, and he won reelection in 1968. The Seventh District was conserv-ative, but George Bush voted for the Civil Rights Act of 1968 and the Fair Housing Act, and he supported birth control and a women’s right to choose. In 1970, then-President Richard Nixon prevailed on George Bush to run for the U.S. Senate again. He did, but he lost again, this time to Lloyd Bentsen. President Nixon nominated him to serve as U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, and the Senate confirmed the nomination unanimously. He served with distinction for 2 years. In 1973, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE6.003 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8013 December 21, 2018 
became chairman of the Republican National Committee and survived Wa-tergate with his reputation and integ-rity intact. President Gerald Ford ap-pointed Bush to be chief of the U.S. Li-aison Office in the People’s Republic of China. During the time he held this po-sition, he was instrumental in improv-ing U.S.-China relations. From January of 1976 to January of 1977, George Bush was Director of Cen-tral Intelligence and incoming Presi-dent Jimmy Carter considered keeping Bush in the post. He left the Central Intelligence Agency and became a part- time professor at Rice University’s Jones School of Business and a director at the prestigious Council on Foreign Relations. In 1980, George Bush ran for the Re-publican nomination for President, ul-timately yielding to Ronald Reagan, who then chose Bush as his running mate. George Bush served as Vice President for 8 years and then, in 1988, became the first incumbent Vice Presi-dent to be elected President in 152 years. George Bush brought all of these qualifications and experiences to the Oval Office. Now, he only served one term; he was defeated in his bid for re-election in 1992. But many commenta-tors have noted that he may be the most successful one-term President in U.S. history. Indeed, his accomplish-ments in 4 years compare favorably with the accomplishments of many two-term Presidents. I think the key here is that he knew how to reach across the aisle and forge bipartisan compromises. I would like to highlight four. The first is the Acid Rain Program that was included in the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990. The Acid Rain Program established a cap-and-trade regime to cut sulfur dioxide and nitro-gen oxides emissions. Cap-and-trade was originally a Republican idea to harness market forces for environ-mental protection. Environmental groups and Democrats were wary, ini-tially, of the authorizations to emit SO
2and NO X, known as allowances. They worried that a ‘‘property right’’ in polluting was being established, but the program exceeded everyone’s ex-pectation and is one of the most suc-cessful environmental programs in his-tory. When George W. Bush was Presi-dent, the U.S. Environmental Protec-tion Agency, EPA, determined that the program has had a benefit-to-cost ratio of 40–1. Our technical knowledge of the best ways to structure cap-and-trade programs has grown exponentially since 1990; sadly, the political will has atrophied. Even though Republicans were the first to promote cap-and- trade, they have essentially abandoned the idea now, but President Bush saw the potential, and the enormous progress we have made in combatting acid rain is part of his environmental legacy that will endure. The second accomplishment is the Americans with Disabilities Act, ADA, which our retiring colleague, Senator HATCH , championed with then-Senator Tom Harken from Iowa. President Bush signed ADA into law in 1990, and it became known as the Emancipation Proclamation for people with disabil-ities. ADA literally changed the land-scape of America by requiring build-ings and transportation to be wheel-chair accessible, and it required work-place accommodations for people with disabilities. Nearly 30 years after Presi-dent Bush signed ADA into law, the improvements the ADA has made enjoy an 83 percent approval rating from the American public. Making life, edu-cation, and work more accessible to people with disabilities isn’t just good for them; it is good for all of us as we benefit from the fuller contributions they are now able to make to society. The third accomplishment, I am sure, was difficult for President Bush, and it cost him Republican support in his bid to win reelection in 1992: the 1990 budg-et deal he negotiated with Congress. At the 1988 Republican National Conven-tion, he famously said, ‘‘Read my lips: no new taxes.’’ While he was a Texan by choice, he never lost the prag-matism characteristic of New Englanders. As a recession began to fuel a rise in budget deficits, he real-ized that he needed to work with a Congress controlled by Democrats and come up with a budget deal, stating ‘‘it is clear to me that both the size of the deficit problem and the need for a package that can be enacted require all of the following: entitlement and man-datory program reform, tax revenue in-creases, growth incentives, discre-tionary spending reductions, orderly reductions in defense expenditures, and budget process reform.’’ He understood that such a comprehensive framework is the only way to reduce the deficit. Unfortunately, the Trump administra-tion and congressional Republicans still cling to the discredited notion of ‘‘supply-side’’ economics, which Presi-dent Bush famously called ‘‘voodoo ec-onomics,’’ and our budget situation has become more and more precarious. I doubt President Trump is capable of displaying President Bush’s prag-matism, deal-making ability, and will-ingness to sacrifice personal popularity for the greater good. His fourth accomplishment fell with-in his ‘‘wheelhouse″: foreign policy and personal diplomacy. He prudently, suc-cessfully navigated the fall of the Ber-lin Wall, the collapse of the Soviet Union, and Saddam Hussein’s invasion of Kuwait. He showed remarkable but characteristic restraint when the Ber-lin Wall came down, and many histo-rians credit that restraint with pre-venting a backlash from hardliners in Eastern Europe. Likewise, the relation-ship he carefully cultivated with So-viet Premier Mikhail Gorbachev, in-cluding negotiating the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, START, helped end the Cold War not with a bang, but with a whimper. Prior to the collapse of the Soviet Union, when Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1990, President Bush carefully as-sembled a coalition that consisted of our traditional allies but also the So-viet Union and, even more crucially, other Arab nations to drive him out. He went to Congress and received au-thorization for the use of military force when it became clear that inter-national diplomacy would not succeed in dislodging Hussein. ‘‘Operation Desert Storm’’ was well-planned and well-executed and succeeded in liber-ating Kuwait in less than 2 months. While many people have argued that President Bush should have extended the war to remove Hussein from power, he made it clear from the start that was never his objective. He presciently argued that pursuing Hussein into Iraq would destabilize the region and lead to a lengthy military conflict. Presi-dent Bush optimistically spoke of a ‘‘New World Order’’ characterized by an era of historic cooperation between nations. He helped to bring such order into existence. It seemed durable at the time. Now, we realize that it needs more careful attention and nurturing than we, perhaps, previously thought necessary. All of these accomplishments and more cemented George H.W. Bush’s leg-acy. They alone would be impressive, but what became clear in the out-pouring of respect and affection that followed his death is the acknowledg-ment of what a genuinely decent per-son he was. He was a humble and self- deprecating man. He respected our im-portant institutions, and he respected people, including his opponents. He was deeply religious. He embraced the prin-ciple of noblesse oblige: to whom much is given, much more shall be required in return. As a result, he lived his life as a servant. He was committed to his country and to his beloved wife Bar-bara and his family, and to his friends. It seems he had an inexhaustible desire and capacity for making new friends from all walks of life, including former political adversaries such as the man who defeated him in the 1992 election, Bill Clinton. When President Bush spoke of his desire to see a ‘‘kinder, gentler America,’’—one illumined by a thousand points of light, he was sin-cere. Since President Bush has died, many commentators have said that he rep-resented a bygone era. I certainly hope not. If we are to continue succeeding as a nation, his fundamental decency, pragmatism, kindness, bravery, self- sacrifice, persistence, and optimism shine a bright light on the path we should strive to follow. If we wish to honor President Bush, we should re-flect on his character and temperament and other sterling qualities and seek to emulate them. He was a great man. Perhaps even more important, he was a good man. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEPARTING SENATORS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, December should be the happiest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21DE6.004 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8014 December 21, 2018 
month of the year, as we await Christ-mas and the New Year, but in the even numbered years, it is bittersweet as we say goodbye to colleagues who will not be returning in the next Congress. While the body often seems to be polar-ized and contentious to the public that knows us only from media appearances, the fact is that partnership and alli-ances across the aisle are part of the fabric of the body, and friendships of unlikely allies abound. This is not to say that we don’t disagree on issues; we very much do. But we strive for these disagreements never to erode our collegiality. I would like to take this opportunity to thank those with whom I have been proud to serve, Mr. H
ATCH , our Presi-dent Pro Tempore, Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. H ELLER on my side of the aisle for their distinguished serv-ice. To my friend, Mr. K
YL, it has been a pleasure to serve with you again. On the Democrat side of the aisle, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Ms. M CCASKILL , Mr. N EL-
SON, and especially my dear friend, Ms. H
EITKAMP , the Senator from North Da-kota. Each of these individuals cares deeply for the Nation, for the States they have represented so ably, and for the Senate. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ORRIN HATCH Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I pay tribute to my friend, the Senator from Utah, President pro tempore of the Senate, who is retiring after 41 years of service. Senator H
ATCH is known as a Senator’s Senator. He has had more legislation signed into law than any other living Member of this body, and he has chaired the Finance, Judiciary, and Labor and Human Re-sources Committees with great distinc-tion. Today we call that Labor and Human Resources Committee the HELP Committee. We all recall the friendship Mr. H
ATCH had with the late Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. K
ENNEDY . This re-lationship was responsible for some of the most impactful legislation of our time. The State Children’s Health In-surance Program, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the Ryan White Act, to name a few, and when Senator K
ENNEDY suffered from life’s difficul-ties, Senator H
ATCH was there to sup-port him as a friend. On June 28, 2017, Senator H
ATCH pub-lished a very important column in TIME Magazine, entitled, ‘‘I am recom-mitting myself to civility.’’ Written in the wake of the attempted massacre of colleagues who were practicing for the annual congressional softball game, a racially motivated stabbing in Port-land, and dueling political rallies in Berkeley that turned violent, Senator H
ATCH observed, ‘‘Civility is the indis-pensable political norm.’’ I would like to quote a few sentences from Mr. H
ATCH ’s column because they bear repeating, now more than ever. 
‘‘Civility—it is the public virtue that has greased the wheels of our democracy since its inception. Without it, little separates us from the cruelty and chaos of rule by force. For decades, civility has acted as the levee protecting our society from its own worst impulses. But that levee now shows signs of strain as political passions spill over into open violence.’’ If our Nation paid greater heed to Mr. H
ATCH ’s wisdom, horrors like the Pitts-burgh synagogue shooting might well have been avoided. O
RRIN, you have been a steady hand in troubled times. While you may have chosen to retire from this body, your work is hardly done, and I hope that your retirement does not mark a re-treat from your commitment to keep our Nation and your colleagues on a steady course. You are indeed a Senator’s Senator and a true patriot. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB CORKER Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, people often forget that each of us comes to the Senate having done other significant things in life. Mr. C
ORKER , the Senator from Tennessee, came here with a series of experiences that great-ly informed his work in the Senate, as well as the work of his colleagues. Mr. C
ORKER was a success in business long before he entered politics, and he brought the lessons of that success into public service. He was the deeply re-spected mayor of Chattanooga, TN. Mayors are perhaps the most account-able elected officials in the Nation. They are a pragmatic results-oriented stock. They live in the communities that they govern, so there is no place to hide, and they are forced to defend their records because the electorate knows what they have done and haven’t. No room for spin when you are a mayor. B
OBthen brought the lessons of both of these careers to the U.S. Senate where he is known as a no-nonsense Senator who cuts through the bluster and focuses on the facts. On difficult problems, whether it was the Iran nu-clear agreement or working to save the American automobile industry from near collapse, he brought discipline to our deliberations. I would like to say a few words about B
OB’s work as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has historically held a preeminent role in the formulation and execution of U.S. foreign policy. Chairman C
ORKER  approached the position with all of the grace and diplomacy appropriate to the office. As the Senate’s representative to the executive in foreign policy, he ably represented our interests. He asked the questions that were on so many of our minds and then he returned to the Sen-ate to explain the administration’s thinking. He calmed many of our anxi-eties about the turbulent world in which we live. I like to think that is because Mr. C
ORKER is a thoughtful, methodical, and calm thinker. His calm, steady leadership as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee these past several years will be greatly missed. TRIBUTE TO HEIDI HEITKAMP Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, HEIDI HEITKAMP and I share much in common. Although we sit on different sides of the aisle, we represent resource States, we represent significant popu-lations of Native Americans, and we are each fiercely independent women who have tended to vote our conscience over party on the toughest issues of our time. We are also the best of friends off the court. So it will come as no surprise to those who know us that I am heartbroken that my friend will not be returning to serve alongside me in the next Congress. Our collaborations over the past 6 years have been very productive. We partnered on creating the Alyce Spot-ted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commis-sion on Native Children, a body named for respected Elders from each of our States. The commission has been stood up and is now operating. I am hopeful that the commission will conclude its work with recommendations that we can adopt into law. The adoption of those recommendations will be a fit-ting legacy for my friend, the Senator from North Dakota. Senator H
EITKAMP and I have also collaborated on Savanna’s Act, which is the first piece of legislation to spe-cifically address the epidemic of miss-ing and murdered Native women and girls in America. This cause is so very important to my friend, as it is to me, but I would like to share a story about my friend that is so telling about her commitment and her character. On the Wednesday, following our re-turn from the election day and Vet-erans Day recess, I had a news con-ference scheduled with the Urban In-dian Health Institute. That news con-ference was called to discuss the re-sults of a new report on the epidemic of missing and murdered Native women and girls in urban American cities. It was important to me that my friend be present at that news conference be-cause it was about an issue that she championed during her time in the Senate, and it would have been excus-able if my friend had bowed out, having just fought and lost a difficult reelec-tion bid. But my friend didn’t bow out. She stepped up, and she pledged to the ad-vocates present that, even though she will no longer be a Senator come Janu-ary, she would be moving over to their side come January. She pledged to re-main an advocate for this cause that is most important to her. She will con-tinue to do great and good things. Her work is not done. To H
EIDI, you have done good in the U.S. Senate. We thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO IAN JANNETTA Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, I wish to recognize an excellent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE6.005 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8015 December 21, 2018 
former member of my staff, Ian Jannetta, who is leaving Capitol Hill after 8 years of service. Having worked for his home State Senator C
ASEY of Pennsylvania, on the Joint Economic Committee, as part of my team in both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate, and finally with Sen-ator H
EITKAMP of North Dakota, Ian has many friends on Capitol Hill and will be missed. During his time in my office, Ian never hesitated to roll up his sleeves and get the job done. He worked tire-lessly on issues ranging from providing equal rights for all people, protecting our environment and the Chesapeake Bay, to building an economy that works for all Americans. His strong communications skills, coupled with his kindness, calm presence, and sense of humor, served my team and the peo-ple of Maryland well for over 4 years. As Ian tackles his next project at the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, he continues his commit-ment to public service, a proud tradi-tion set by his mother Heather and his father David, who both started their careers in the U.S. Air Force and con-tinued their service in State govern-ment. I know he will make a tremen-dous impact. I join his many col-leagues, friends, and family to wish him well, and I look forward to hearing about the extraordinary work he does next. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING BOB DELLWO ∑Mr. DAINES. Madam President, today I have the honor of recognizing Bob Dellwo of Choteau, MT, for his over 94 years of service to his commu-nity, country, and family. Bob was born in Conrad on August 1, 1924. After his family moved to Choteau, Bob grew up and attended Teton High School, where he was a member of the football team. From 1942–1946, Bob volunteered to serve in WWII. While serving in the Navy, most of his time was spent as a radio man on a dive bomber, where he twice earned the Distinguished Flying Cross. In January of 1946, Bob married his sweetheart Helen. The two were mar-ried for over 55 years. Together, they had four children they raised in Choteau and Helena. As owners of var-ious small businesses throughout the years, they were well known and active in their communities. Bob took immense pride in his 22 grandchildren and great-grandchildren and rightfully so. In fact, his grand-daughter Liz holds a special spot in the D
AINES office, having worked on Team D
AINES for many years. A kind and lighthearted spirit, Bob enjoyed being with his family more than anything, and that is how he chose to spend his time. Bob leaves behind a legacy of friend-ship, family, faith, and community. His dedication and service to others throughout his life will have a lasting impact for generations to come. I join his family, friends, and community in mourning his death, but we take com-fort in knowing he is in a better place now with the love of his life, Helen. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO THE USS MONTANA COMMITTEE ∑Mr. DAINES. Madam, today, I wish to honor the men and women of the USS Montana Committee and their no-table contributions to our State and our Nation in 2018. The USS Montana Committee is a group of volunteers from Montana who have dedicated themselves to pro-moting awareness and fostering sup-port for the future commissioning of the USS Montana and all those who will sail aboard her in defense of our Nation. A Virginia Class nuclear fast- attack submarine, the USS Montana will protect carrier and expeditionary strike groups, hunt and destroy enemy ships, and conduct strategic national security missions around the globe. We wait with great anticipation as her 2020 commissioning quickly approaches. Montana has a proud heritage of military service. Some 3,500 Active- Duty servicemembers currently serve at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Great Falls, and another 4,500 citizen-soldiers serve in the National Guard and Re-serve at various locations across the State. Montana also proudly boasts the highest percentage of veterans per cap-ita in the contiguous United States. Beyond the borders of our landlocked home, more than 2,200 U.S. Navy sail-ors currently call Montana home, add-ing 134 new Montanans to their ranks in the past 12 months. Once she is commissioned, the USS Montana will be the second U.S. Navy warship to bear our State’s namesake. The first, an armored cruiser, AC 13, was commissioned 1908 and served with distinction in World War I. In fact, her keel was laid 112 years ago this week on December 15, 1906. The bell from that ship is currently on display in the lobby of the University of Montana’s Adams Center. It has a legacy of its own, playing a prominent role in one of the oldest college football rivalries in the nation. 2018 has proven to be a banner year for the USS Montana, her crew, and her network of volunteers in Montana. In May, we celebrated the laying of her keel, a proud naval tradition and one of the most significant milestones in the ship’s construction prior to delivery. The celebration incorporated a number of Montana themes and traditions, in-cluding a Native Blackfeet blessing by Mariah Gladstone of Kalispell. We were also introduced to her command lead-ership team: commanding officer, CDR Michael Delaney; executive officer, LCDR Jeffrey Kahn; and chief of the boat, SCPO Michael Dassau. We even got a look at the ship’s preliminary emblem, which incorporates strong symbolism of the State, the submarine force, and the naval service. The ship also enjoyed prominent recognition on the cover of the 2018 Montana Voter In-formation Pamphlet distributed state-wide in preparation for the midterm elections. The USS Montana Committee was proudly represented and facilitated these key events by raising awareness and funding across the state. Over the course of the year, the committee held events in Butte, Missoula, Helena, Co-lumbia Falls, Kalispell, Billings, Colstrip, Lewistown, Miles City, Sid-ney, Great Falls, and Glasgow. In Sep-tember, the committee facilitated a statewide tour with the commanding officer, with stops in Billings, Helena, Great Falls, and Missoula. These ef-forts have made great strides in fos-tering a strong and enduring relation-ship between the State of Montana and the U.S. Navy. In recognition of these and other no-table accomplishments, I ask that the following names who have volunteered for the USS Montana Committee be en-tered into the R
ECORD . The Founding Members and other voting members of the Steering Group: Craig Anderson of Billings, Duane Ankney of Colstrip, Doug Averill of Bigfork, Leo Berry of Helena, Mike Halligan of Missoula, Bill Leininger of Bigfork, Brian Lipscomb of Polson, Greg MacDonald of Billings, Marilyn Olson of Lewistown, Sarah Swanson Partridge of Glasgow, Curtis Pohl of Butte, Gary Purdy of Columbia Falls, Marisa Robertson of Havre, Bonnie Simon of Plentywood, Steven Stahlberg of Kalispell, Monty Wallis of Billings, Bill Whitsitt of Bigfork, and Darren Wilkins of Bozeman. Honorary Members: the Honorable Marc Racicot, Former Governor of Montana, the Honorable Stan Stevens, Former Governor of Montana, and RADM George E. Voelker, USN (Ret.), First operational commander, USS Hel-ena, SSN 725. Committee Members: Kelly Addy of Bigfork, Wade & Gee Gee Allred of Bigfork, Chase Anderson of Laurel, Chris Aymes of Kalispell, Liz Bangerter of Helena, David & Dana Bennett of Missoula, Calvin Beringer of Kalispell, Dennis Berklund of Bigfork, Richard & Marilou Berklund of For-merly of Shepherd, Carol Bishop of Huson, David Blade of Helena, Rex Boller of Lakeside, Col. Frank Borman of Billings, Lane & Rachel Bos of Boze-man, Donald C. Bost of Lewistown, Mi-chael Bower of Billings, Jennifer Brien of Formerly of Kalispell. Katie Brien of Formerly of Kalispell, Bob & Sue Brown of Whitefish, Thomas & Gayle Butler of Deer Lodge, John & Cynthia Cannon of Bigfork, Charles Carroll of Billings, Bill & Valerie Caton of Laurel, Nick Chiechi of St. Marie, Doug & Cindy Coats of Kila, Beth Cohen of Billings, Stuart & Anita Cole of Bigfork, Mayor Wilmot Collins of Helena, Stuart & Anita Cole of Bigfork, Wayne Connell of Great Falls, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21DE6.005 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8016 December 21, 2018 
Tamara & Joseph Crismore of Libby, Ron & Shelly Davis of Butte, Paul Dragu of Havre, Timothy Dralle of Hel-ena, Dan Eastman of Polson, Dan Elli-son of Helena, John Emeigh of Butte. Victoria Emmons of Missoula, Scott Fisher of Columbia Falls, Aaron & Jes-sica Flint of Billings, Attorney General Tim & Karen Fox of Clancy, Chris-topher Gartrell of Formerly of Manhat-tan and Bozeman, Raymond G. Gavlak The 3rd of Stevensville, Greg & Susan Gianforte of Bozeman, Mark Gilbertson of Formerly of Kalispell, Maury Gra-ham of Glasgow, Ray Godfrey of Bigfork, Gary & Peach Graeff of Bigfork, Jack Griffith of Lakeside, Chris & Francine Hagar of Bigfork, Dave & Karen Helmrick of Troy, Jason & Jamie Hildenstab of Helena, Joe & Julia Hill of Formerly of Ennis, Kristen Inbody of Great Falls, James Irwin of Sweetgrass. Keith Johnson of Twin Bridges, Kris-tin Jacobson of Missoula, Tate Jones of Missoula, Max Kalafat of Formerly of Great Falls, Cari Kent of Great Falls, David & Tamara Kiehl of Bigfork, Roger Knoell of Butte, Jay Lamb of Formerly of Billings, Michael Lawson of Butte, Mark & Analyn Lee of Bigfork, Terry Lodmell of Malta, Dale & Kathy Longfellow of Hobson, Lori & David Lynch of Billings, Dan & Mary Carol Marcus of Bigfork, James Mariska of Billings, Grant Mayer of Helena, James McGimpsey of Helena, Pete Mckinley of Helena, Ron & Jessie Merwin of Polson, Cody Miles of Havre. Steve & Lee Miller of Dayton, Todd Morgan of Missoula, Bob & Penni Nance of Billings, Jack Neergaard of Bozeman, Wayne Newton of Rollins, Robert Nieuwenhuyse of Havre, Bob & Kim Nystuen of Lakeside, Tom O’Con-nor of Bozeman, Jody Olson of Havre, John & Marilyn Olson of Sidney, Carlene A. & Darrell W. Orr of Libby, Kevin Oster of Miles City, Jon Ottenbacher of Miles City, Robbi Perry of Kalispell, Gwenna Peters of Billings, Carla Peterson of Billings, Debbie Peterson of Billings, Bob Pfouts of Huson. Jim & Annie Porter of Belt, Chuck & Linda Ream of Bigfork, VDM (Ret) Rodney Rempt of Big Sky, David & Kathy Roberts of Kalispell, Paul Robitaille of Bozeman, Char Ross of Great Falls, Peggy Salitros of For-merly of Colstrip, Mike Schauf of Mis-soula, Harlan & Judith Schwan of Kali-spell, Peter Scott of Bozeman, David Semrau of Kalispell, Jim & Jean Senst of Great Falls, Gayle Shanahan of Hel-ena, Troy Shockley of Helena, Lee Shubert of Helena, John Sisson of Colstrip, Howard & Angie Skjervem of Helena, Brad & Cindy Skramstad of Kalispell. Steve & Cheri Sloan of Kalispell, Ber-nie & Thedra Slogotski of Bigfork, Jim Smith of Helena, Tom & Irene Snyder of Bigfork, Arnold Sonsteng of For-merly of Billings and Wolf Point, Leigh Haislip Spencer of Great Falls, Ernie & Anna Steiner of Bigfork, Larry Strizich of Great Falls, Peter Sullivan of Helena, Tom & Toot Sward of Bigfork, Amber Swindler of Glasgow, Rolf Tandberg of Missoula, MG (Ret) Paul & Muffin Vallely of Bigfork, Craig Wagner of Bigfork, Melville (Mel) Wal-ters, III of Stevensville, Chris Walthall of Bigfork. Aaron Ward of Townsend, Kirk & Angelina Waren of Butte, Arthur Wayne of Missoula, James Wegener of Kalispell, Monte Weisser of Kalispell, Beau & Holly Wielkoszewski of Bigfork, Bernie Windauer of Kalispell, Barry & Pixie Wirth of Lindbergh Lake, Chip & Barb Youlden of Billings, Grant & Mary Zerbe of Frazer, and Ryan & Lola Zinke of Whitefish. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANK BORMAN ∑Mr. TESTER. Madame President, today I wish to honor a Montanan and an astronaut who, 50 years ago, set off on a journey that took him further from home than any man had been be-fore. On December 21, 1968, Commander Frank Borman, and his crew Jim Lovell and Bill Anders, sat atop a Sat-urn V rocket and were blasted into space, destined to become the first men to orbit the moon and return safely back to Earth. Apollo 8 flew a dangerous mission at a perilous time for both the space pro-gram and our Nation which, much like today, was struggling to heal itself after a year of discord and division. In late December, those differences were put aside as 1 billion souls turned their eyes towards the cosmos and watched as grainy images of the lunar surface were transmitted back to Earth. The magnitude of the moment was undeniable: When we work to-gether, humanity is capable of great-ness. That was Commander Borman’s last time in space. He now lives in Billings; he and his wife Susan have called Mon-tana home for the past 20 years. As we remember Commander Borman’s history-making flight, we must also remember the sense of opti-mism and pride that it inspired and strive to find it once again.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 12:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 767. An act to establish the Stop, Ob-serve, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system. H.R. 1162. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide access to magnetic EEG/ EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans. H.R. 3383. An act to designate the flood control project in Sedgwick County, Kansas, commonly known as the Wichita-Valley Cen-ter Flood Control Project, as the ‘‘M.S. ‘Mitch’ Mitchell Floodway’’. H.R. 4227. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what ac-tions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of ve-hicular terrorism, and for other purposes. H.R. 4819. An act to promote inclusive eco-nomic growth through conservation and bio-diversity programs that facilitate trans-boundary cooperation, improve natural re-source management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa. H.R. 5075. An act to encourage, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans through-out the United States, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5509. An act to direct the National Science Foundation to provide grants for re-search about STEM education approaches and the STEM-related workforce, and for other purposes. H.R. 5787. An act to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes. H.R. 5923. An act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to exchange certain public lands in Ouachita National Forest, and for other purposes. H.R. 6348. An act to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under the section 504 program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regu-lators, and for other purposes. H.R. 6400. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes. H.R. 6893. An act to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to ex-tend the Secret Service overtime pay excep-tion through 2020, and for other purposes. H.R. 7243. An act to amend Public Law 115– 217 to change the address of the postal facil-ity designated by such Public Law in honor of Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe, and for other purposes. The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
ORNYN ). 
At 12:07 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 2276. An act to require agencies to sub-mit reports on outstanding recommenda-tions in the annual budget justification sub-mitted to Congress. S. 3031. An act to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the man-agement of Federal personal property. S. 3191. An act to provide for the expedi-tious disclosure of records related to civil rights cold cases, and for other purposes. S. 3367. An act to amend certain transpor-tation-related reporting requirements to im-prove congressional oversight, reduce report-ing burdens, and promote transparency, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 6602. An act to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, and for other purposes. H.R. 7293. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, as the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Of-fice’’. H.R. 7318. An act to amend the Federal As-sets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE6.012 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8017 December 21, 2018 
that the Public Buildings Reform Board has adequate time to carry out the responsibil-ities of the Board, and for other purposes. H.R. 7319. An act to amend the Federal As-sets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide flexibility with respect to the leaseback of certain Federal real property, and for other purposes. H.R. 7329. An act to make technical correc-tions to provisions of law enacted by the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 88) to mod-ify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate. The message further announced that the House has agreed to the amend-ment of the Senate to the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to chil-dren, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate. The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendments of the Senate numbered 1 and 2 to the text of the bill (H.R. 2606) to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to re-strictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 3:52 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 943. An act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate comprehen-sive student count for the purposes of calcu-lating formula allocations for programs under the Johnson-O’Malley Act, and for other purposes. S. 2248. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, and for other purposes. S. 2736. An act to develop a long-term stra-tegic vision and a comprehensive, multi-faceted, and principled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, and for other purposes. H.R. 2606. An act to amend the Act of Au-gust 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes. H.R. 7327. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a security vulnerability disclosure policy, to establish a bug bounty program for the Department of Homeland Security, to amend title 41, United States Code, to provide for Federal acquisition supply chain security, and for other purposes. The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
ORNYN ). The message further announced that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
CHENRY ) has signed the following en-rolled bills: 
S. 1520. An act to expand recreational fish-ing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other purposes. S. 2076. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of ac-tivities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cog-nitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Pro-gram, and for other purposes. S. 2278. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. S. 3530. An act to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
ORNYN ). At 5:58 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, without amend-ment: 
S. 512. An act to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. S. 1023. An act to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fis-cal year 2021, and for other purposes. S. 1158. An act to help prevent acts of geno-cide and other atrocity crimes, which threat-en national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capac-ities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises. S. 1580. An act to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and in-tensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. S. 1862. An act to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for determining whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking, and for other purposes. S. 3247. An act to improve programs and activities relating to women’s entrepreneur-ship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes. S. 3456. An act to redesignate Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge as the Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 3661. An act to provide for a program of the Department of Defense to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 149. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make certain corrections in the en-rollment of H.R. 4174. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2200) to re-authorize the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000, and for other pur-poses. The message further announced that the House has agreed to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 4174) to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evalua-tion activities, improve Federal data management, and for other purposes. The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 6287) to provide competitive grants for the op-eration, security, and maintenance of certain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. At 6:41 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 3628. An act to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 148. Concurrent resolution di-recting the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on December 20, 2018, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 756. An act to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Report to accompany S. 2419, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to improve the technical and business assistance serv-ices under the SBIR and STTR programs (Rept. No. 115–454). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. DUCKWORTH: S. 3804. A bill to reinstate the taxation of foreign oil related income, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SASSE: S. 3805. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit certain fraudulent audiovisual records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Maryland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE6.014 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES8018 December 21, 2018 
(Mr. V ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Sen-ator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 743, a bill to strengthen the United States Interagency Council on Home-lessness. 
S. 1497 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1497, a bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to provide a lacta-tion room in public buildings, and for other purposes. 
S. 2018 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2018, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make the child tax credit fully refundable, establish an increased child tax credit for young children, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2274 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2274, a bill to provide for the compensa-tion of Federal employees affected by lapses in appropriations. 
S. RES. 738 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from Ari-zona (Mr. K
YL), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 738, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the United States should continue its limited military activities within Syria and that ending such activities at this time would embolden ISIS, Bashar al-Assad, Iran, and Russia and put our Kurdish allies in great jeopardy. At the request of Ms. C
OLLINS , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 738, supra. 
f 
BUILDING OUR LARGEST DEMEN-TIA INFRASTRUCTURE FOR ALZ-HEIMER’S ACT The bill (S. 2076), as amended by the Senate on December 12, 2018, passed as follows: 
S. 2076 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Building Our Largest Dementia Infrastructure for Alz-heimer’s Act’’ or the ‘‘BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROMOTION OF PUBLIC HEALTH KNOWL-EDGE AND AWARENESS OF ALZ-HEIMER’S DISEASE, COGNITIVE DE-CLINE, AND BRAIN HEALTH UNDER THE ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AND HEALTHY AGING PROGRAM. 
Part K of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280c et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) in the part heading, by adding ‘‘AND 
PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS FOR DEMENTIA ’’ at the end; and (2) in subpart II— (A) by striking the subpart heading and in-serting the following: ‘‘Subpart II—Programs With Respect to Alz-heimer’s Disease and Related Dementias’’; and (B) by striking section 398A (42 U.S.C. 280c– 4) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 398A. PROMOTION OF PUBLIC HEALTH KNOWLEDGE AND AWARENESS OF ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AND RE-LATED DEMENTIAS. 
‘‘(a) A LZHEIMER ’SDISEASE AND RELATED  D
EMENTIAS PUBLIC HEALTH CENTERS OF EX-
CELLENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the heads of other agencies as appropriate, shall award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to eligible entities, such as insti-tutions of higher education, State, tribal, and local health departments, Indian tribes, tribal organizations, associations, or other appropriate entities for the establishment or support of regional centers to address Alz-heimer’s disease and related dementias by— ‘‘(A) advancing the awareness of public health officials, health care professionals, and the public, on the most current informa-tion and research related to Alzheimer’s dis-ease and related dementias, including cog-nitive decline, brain health, and associated health disparities; ‘‘(B) identifying and translating promising research findings, such as findings from re-search and activities conducted or supported by the National Institutes of Health, includ-ing Alzheimer’s Disease Research Centers authorized by section 445, into evidence- based programmatic interventions for popu-lations with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias and caregivers for such popu-lations; and ‘‘(C) expanding activities, including through public-private partnerships related to Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias and associated health disparities. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be eligible to re-ceive a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment under this subsection, an entity shall submit to the Secretary an application con-taining such agreements and information as the Secretary may require, including a de-scription of how the entity will— ‘‘(A) coordinate, as applicable, with exist-ing Federal, State, and tribal programs re-lated to Alzheimer’s disease and related de-mentias; ‘‘(B) examine, evaluate, and promote evi-dence-based interventions for individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and related demen-tias, including underserved populations with such conditions, and those who provide care for such individuals; and ‘‘(C) prioritize activities relating to— ‘‘(i) expanding efforts, as appropriate, to implement evidence-based practices to ad-dress Alzheimer’s disease and related demen-tias, including through the training of State, local, and tribal public health officials and other health professionals on such practices; ‘‘(ii) supporting early detection and diag-nosis of Alzheimer’s disease and related de-mentias; ‘‘(iii) reducing the risk of potentially avoidable hospitalizations of individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and related demen-tias; ‘‘(iv) reducing the risk of cognitive decline and cognitive impairment associated with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias; ‘‘(v) enhancing support to meet the needs of caregivers of individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias; ‘‘(vi) reducing health disparities related to the care and support of individuals with Alz-heimer’s disease and related dementias; ‘‘(vii) supporting care planning and man-agement for individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias; and ‘‘(viii) supporting other relevant activities identified by the Secretary or the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, as appropriate. ‘‘(3) CONSIDERATIONS .—In awarding grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider, among other factors, whether the entity— ‘‘(A) provides services to rural areas or other underserved populations; ‘‘(B) is able to build on an existing infra-structure of services and public health re-search; and ‘‘(C) has experience with providing care or caregiver support, or has experience con-ducting research related to Alzheimer’s dis-ease and related dementias. ‘‘(4) D
ISTRIBUTION OF AWARDS .—In awarding grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements under this subsection, the Secretary, to the extent practicable, shall ensure equitable distribution of awards based on geographic area, including consideration of rural areas, and the burden of the disease within sub-pop-ulations. ‘‘(5) D
ATA REPORTING AND PROGRAM OVER -
SIGHT .—With respect to a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded under this subsection, not later than 90 days after the end of the first year of the period of assist-ance, and annually thereafter for the dura-tion of the grant, contract, or agreement (in-cluding the duration of any renewal period as provided for under paragraph (5)), the en-tity shall submit data, as appropriate, to the Secretary regarding— ‘‘(A) the programs and activities funded under the grant, contract, or agreement; and ‘‘(B) outcomes related to such programs and activities. ‘‘(b) I
MPROVING DATA ON STATE AND NA-
TIONAL PREVALENCE OF ALZHEIMER ’SDISEASE  
ANDRELATED DEMENTIAS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, as appropriate, improve the analysis and timely reporting of data on the incidence and preva-lence of Alzheimer’s disease and related de-mentias. Such data may include, as appro-priate, information on cognitive decline, caregiving, and health disparities experi-enced by individuals with cognitive decline and their caregivers. The Secretary may award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to eligible entities for activities under this paragraph. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this subsection, an entity shall be a public or nonprofit private entity, including institutions of higher education, State, local, and tribal health departments, and In-dian tribes and tribal organizations, and sub-mit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) D
ATA SOURCES .—The analysis, timely public reporting, and dissemination of data under this subsection may be carried out using data sources such as the following: ‘‘(A) The Behavioral Risk Factor Surveil-lance System. ‘‘(B) The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. ‘‘(C) The National Health Interview Sur-vey. ‘‘(c) I
MPROVED COORDINATION .—The Sec-retary shall ensure that activities and pro-grams related to dementia under this section do not unnecessarily duplicate activities and programs of other agencies and offices with-in the Department of Health and Human Services.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE6.019 S21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8019 December 21, 2018 
SEC. 3. SUPPORTING STATE PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS RELATED TO ALZ-HEIMER’S DISEASE AND RELATED DEMENTIAS. 
Section 398 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280c–3) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
ES-
TABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘
COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS TO STATES AND  
PUBLIC HEALTH DEPARTMENTS FOR ALZHEIMER ’S 
DISEASE AND RELATED DEMENTIAS ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the heads of other agencies, as appropriate, shall award cooperative agreements to health de-partments of States, political subdivisions of States, and Indian tribes and tribal organiza-tions, to address Alzheimer’s disease and re-lated dementias, including by reducing cog-nitive decline, helping meet the needs of caregivers, and addressing unique aspects of Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias to support the development and implementa-tion of evidence-based interventions with re-spect to— ‘‘(1) educating and informing the public, based on evidence-based public health re-search and data, about Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias; ‘‘(2) supporting early detection and diag-nosis; ‘‘(3) reducing the risk of potentially avoid-able hospitalizations for individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias; ‘‘(4) reducing the risk of cognitive decline and cognitive impairment associated with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias; ‘‘(5) improving support to meet the needs of caregivers of individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias; ‘‘(6) supporting care planning and manage-ment for individuals with Alzheimer’s dis-ease and related dementias. ‘‘(7) supporting other relevant activities identified by the Secretary or the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, as appropriate’’.; and (3) by striking subsection (b); (4) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (g); (5) by inserting after subsection (a), the following: ‘‘(b) P
REFERENCE .—In awarding coopera-tive agreements under this section, the Sec-retary shall give preference to applications that focus on addressing health disparities, including populations and geographic areas that have the highest prevalence of Alz-heimer’s disease and related dementias. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive a cooperative agreement under this section, an eligible entity (pursuant to subsection (a)) shall prepare and submit to the Sec-retary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require, including a plan that describes— ‘‘(1) how the applicant proposes to develop or expand, programs to educate individuals through partnership engagement, workforce development, guidance and support for pro-grammatic efforts, and evaluation with re-spect to Alzheimer’s disease and related de-mentias, and in the case of a cooperative agreement under this section, how the appli-cant proposes to support other relevant ac-tivities identified by the Secretary or Direc-tor of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, as appropriate. ‘‘(2) the manner in which the applicant will coordinate with Federal, tribal, and State programs related to Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias, and appropriate State, tribal, and local agencies, as well as other relevant public and private organizations or agencies; and ‘‘(3) the manner in which the applicant will evaluate the effectiveness of any program carried out under the cooperative agree-ment. ‘‘(d) MATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each health department that is awarded a cooperative agreement under subsection (a) shall pro-vide, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 30 percent of the amount provided under such agreement (which may be pro-vided in cash or in-kind) to carry out the ac-tivities supported by the cooperative agree-ment. ‘‘(e) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive all or part of the matching re-quirement described in subsection (d) for any fiscal year for a health department of a State, political subdivision of a State, or In-dian tribe and tribal organization (including those located in a rural area or frontier area), if the Secretary determines that ap-plying such matching requirement would re-sult in serious hardship or an inability to carry out the purposes of the cooperative agreement awarded to such health depart-ment of a State, political subdivision of a State, or Indian tribe and tribal organiza-tion.’’; (6) in subsection (f) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘grant’’ and inserting ‘‘cooperative agreement’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) N
ON-DUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that activities under any cooperative agreement awarded under this subpart do not unnecessarily duplicate ef-forts of other agencies and offices within the Department of Health and Human Services related to— ‘‘(1) activities of centers of excellence with respect to Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias described in section 398A; and ‘‘(2) activities of public health departments with respect to Alzheimer’s disease and re-lated dementias described in this section.’’. 
SEC. 4. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS. 
Section 398B of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280c–5) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or cooperative agree-ment’’ after ‘‘grant’’ each place that such ap-pears; (B) by striking ‘‘section 398(a) to a State unless the State’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 398 or 398A to an entity unless the entity’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; (2) by striking subsection (b); (3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; (4) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 398(a) to a State unless the State’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 398 or 398A to an entity unless the entity’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘expendi-tures required in subsection (b);’’ and insert-ing ‘‘expenditures;’’; (5) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘each demonstration project for which a grant’’ and inserting ‘‘the activi-ties for which an award’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘section 398(a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sections 398 or 398A’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year’’; (6) by inserting after subsection (c) (as so redesignated), the following: ‘‘(d) DEFINITION .—In this subpart, the terms ‘Indian tribe’ and ‘tribal organization’ have the meanings given such terms in sec-tion 4 of the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act.’’; and (7) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 1988 through 1990’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2002’’ and in-serting ‘‘$20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024’’. f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the majority leader and the junior Senator from Montana be authorized to sign duly en-rolled bills or joint resolutions on Fri-day, December 21. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 2018 Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 12 noon, Saturday, Decem-ber 22; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 695. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW Mr. DAINES. Madam President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 8:07 p.m., adjourned until Saturday, December 22, 2018, at 12 noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE6.009 S21DEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1723 December 21, 2018 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 88, SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT; PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 24, 2018, THROUGH JANUARY 3, 2019 
SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION 
SPEECH OF  
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, December 20, 2018 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I commend Chair-man B
RADY and Leader M CCARTHY for their work related to the retirement security title of this bill, which includes significant and long- overdue reforms that expand access to work-place retirement plans, improve participant savings, and increase transparency in those plans. The Ways and Means Committee and the Committee on Education and the Workforce have a long history of working together to im-prove and strengthen America’s employer- sponsored retirement system. Given our shared jurisdiction over many of these matters, each Committee brings a unique perspective to the table, further strengthening the resulting legislation. The House Amendment to Senate Amend-ment to H.R. 88—Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018 includes many reforms that have benefited from the work of both committees. Several provisions were the subject of a hearing in the Education and the’Workforce Committee earlier this Con-gress, such as the authorization of open mul-tiple employer plans, and the clarification of an existing safe harbor for offering annuity prod-ucts in a defined contribution plan. However, the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018 overreaches by including a provision allowing for premium re-ductions for certain cooperative and small em-ployer charity pension plans (CSEC plans), an issue which falls entirely under the jurisdiction of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, and which stands in stark contrast to the spirit of this otherwise sensible legislation. As Chairwoman of the committee of jurisdic-tion, I welcome this opportunity to provide background on the cooperative and small em-ployer charity premiums provision. In 2006, Congress passed the Pension Pro-tection Act, which included provisions to im-prove the funding of defined benefit pension plans sponsored by a single employer, in order to ensure the solvency of these plans and the retirement security of plan partici-pants. The law exempted certain entities from these improved plan funding requirements. The Pension Protection Act also increased insurance premiums paid to the Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation by single-employer plan sponsors because the PBGC-adminis-tered single-employer insurance program was under extreme stress—it had gone from a $7 billion surplus in 2001 to a $22 billion deficit in 2005. Unlike the Pension Protection Act fund-ing rules, the increased PBGC premiums ap-plied equally to all single-employer plan spon-sors. Mr. Speaker, PBGC premiums for single- employer plans take two forms—a flat-rate, per participant premium; and an additional risk-based variable rate premium. While plan sponsors cannot control the level of the flat- rate premium, they have complete power over the amounts owed for the variable rate pre-mium. The variable rate premium is higher for se-verely underfunded plans than for well-funded plans, reflecting the higher risk underfunded plans present to PBGC, which steps in to pay benefits if a plan terminates. If a plan sponsor improves the funding of its plan, then its PBGC premium levels will go down. The structure of this variable rate premium not only prevents sponsors of well-funded plans from subsidizing the benefits of other companies’ employees, but also serves as an additional incentive for all plan sponsors to fund their plans properly. As such, this variable rate premium is an especially crucial incentive for proper plan funding in certain cooperative and small em-ployer charity plans that are exempt from the Pension Protection Act’s more stringent fund-ing rules. For 2018, all single-employer plan sponsors pay a flat-rate premium of $74 per participant, and a variable rate premium is assessed at 3.8 percent of a plan’s unfunded vested bene-fits, capped at $523 per participant. In ex-change, the PBGC insures benefits up to $67,295 annually for a 65-year old retiree. Now, a number of organizations that already enjoy funding relief under current law have asked for an additional reprieve from pre-miums that protect their workers’ pension plans. The bill before us grants certain groups this additional break—both the flat-rate premium and the variable-rate premium are reduced ex-clusively for these entities to pre-Pension Pro-tection Act levels. While all other single-em-ployer plans would continue to pay the current premium amounts, these plans would pay only a flat-rate of $19 per participant and a variable rate premium assessed at 0.9 percent of a plan’s unfunded vested benefits. Further, the provision allows these plans alone to use higher interest rates to assume higher funding levels when determining premium amounts, while other single-employer plans must use long-standing specified assumptions that result in more sound funding estimates. As a result, many underfunded CSEC plans would not have to pay any variable rate premium under this provision. Funding levels in many plans that would qualify for premium relief under this provision have fallen in recent years, resulting in in-creased risk-based variable rate premiums. According to PBGC data, for purposes of de-termining the variable rate premium, the plan sponsored by Girl Scouts of USA was only 64 percent funded in 2017—but as noted above, this provision would allow the plan to assume a 76.6 percent funding level; the Boy Scouts plan was only 75 percent funded in 2017, but under this provision the plan could assume 88 percent funding. Other plans are in a similar situation. For example, in 2017 Hawkeye In-surance Association was only 56 percent fund-ed and Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts’ plan was only 58 percent funded. There has been a trend in recent years of certain companies and organizations looking to pension policies for financial relief when they are confronted with difficult situations. Congress should not set the precedent that when a company faces hard times, it can turn to its employees’ pensions for a quick fix. Federal pension laws must reflect the pur-pose for which pension promises are made— they are not offered gratuitously, but as a form of compensation to employees. As such, any changes to federal pension laws should have a long-term, sustainable focus, taking into ac-count all parties, and especially the interests of workers and retirees. Employees of charitable organizations often make great personal sacrifices to do important work that benefits local communities; as much as anyone, these employees deserve a sound pension system and a secure retirement. Once pension promises are made, workers must be able to rely on them being kept. The current variable-rate premium puts the responsibility for premium levels in the hands of plan sponsors, and rewards plan sponsors that care for their employees by maintaining well-funded plans; it additionally serves as a strong disincentive for sponsors to allow their employees’ plans to fall to dangerous funding levels. In the aggregate, cooperative and small employer charity plans that would qualify for premium reductions under the bill are under-funded by about $5 billion according to PBGC. A premium reduction benefiting a select few, as provided for in this bill, hands a select group of employers the same insurance at a lower price, at the expense of other employers that also sponsor single-employer plans. Under this provision, PBGC would lose over a billion dollars in premium revenue over the next ten years. It allows a select group of employers to minimally fund promises made to their employ-ees without consequence. Because these groups are exempt from Pension Protection Act rules designed to result in higher plan funding levels, the variable rate premium plays an important role in policing funding levels. PBGC estimates that it is likely that no coop-erative and small employer charity plan would owe variable rate premiums under this provi-sion. Finally, this cooperative and small employer charity provision sends the wrong message to workers and retirees that when it comes to pension policy, Congress is willing to tip the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.001 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1724 December 21, 2018 
scales in favor of certain employers over the retirement security of their employees. Because the good in the bill before us today as a whole outweighs the harm of this one provision, I will be voting yes on the under-lying bill. But my ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill is not an endorsement of the CSEC provision which I strongly oppose for the reasons I’ve just dis-cussed. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF DANNY HOWARD 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my dear friend, Danny Howard, upon his retirement after dedi-cating 24 years of public service as Mayor of Harlan, a historic coal mining town in Ken-tucky’s Appalachian region. Learning from his father, who served as a long-time magistrate and Sheriff for Harlan County, Danny wanted to serve the beloved small coal town where he was born and raised. Despite his father’s warning that the ‘‘spot doesn’t pay,’’ my friend moved forward with his courage of conviction to help the peo-ple of Harlan and was elected in 1993. It was not the first time Danny Howard chose Harlan. An alumnus of Harlan High School, he graduated in 1973 from Mercer University College of Pharmacy in Atlanta, Georgia. At a time when many young people were moving away from small towns in the Appalachian coal fields, he and his wife, Debby Webb Howard, returned to Harlan to start their family. They raised two children, Seth Howard and Whitney Howard Mendiondo in the shadow of the mountains. Since then, the Howards have never had an empty nest, with Earl Raglin and Jordan Foster joining their family in 1995 and 2006, and generously opening their home to three other children over the years. Danny not only served people from his post at City Hall, but also as a practicing phar-macist. He is known for his personable style, often walking around the counter to give cus-tomers an entertaining dose of local tales and jokes that demonstrate his love for his small hometown. His genuine interest in others al-ways shines through, winning people from all walks of life. As Mayor of Harlan, Danny has always faced a challenging economy with a small mu-nicipal budget strapped by a shrinking tax rev-enue and a deteriorating infrastructure. How-ever, he has worked diligently for economic development projects, infrastructure improve-ments, flood control, environmental cleanups and much more. In fact, we became close friends through our work together for the East-ern Kentucky PRIDE program, removing illegal dumps from our hillsides, cleaning up litter along our roadways, and expanding access to clean water and sanitary sewer across the county. He has also been a trusted partner for first responders and Operation UNITE, sup-porting narcotics investigations, treatment and education efforts across the city to combat the drug epidemic. Additionally, Danny effectively boosted tour-ism and community development efforts, through the establishment of the Harlan Tour-ism Commission and construction of The Har-lan Center in the heart of the city. Today, the tourism industry has an annual economic im-pact of approximately $18 million. Danny’s expertise in both city management and pharmaceuticals have been highly cov-eted by numerous boards and commissions, including the Housing and Urban Development Board on which he served many years. He worked tirelessly, advocating for projects that would provide housing for those most in need. Without question, Danny Howard’s loyal leadership will have a long-lasting impact in the City of Harlan and throughout the county. I wish Danny, his wife, Debby, and their family many blessings, joy and peace in the years ahead. 
f 
HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF EMINENCE, MISSOURI 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Sesquicentennial of Emi-nence, Missouri. Located in Shannon County, Eminence began as a small settlement along the Current River near Round Spring. In 1868, after the courthouse was burned in the Civil War, it was determined the town and county seat should be moved to a more centrally-lo-cated area. County Judges Alfred Deatherage, Thomas J. Chilton, and William Mahan com-missioned William S. Chilton to find the new location. Utilizing the help of his brother, Thomas J. Chilton, they moved the town to its current location. The early structures in Eminence were con-structed out of log and plain lumber. The first businesses in town, a saloon, store, and post office, were constructed by Colonel Thomas Freeman and A.J.P. Deatherage. Today, Eminence is known for its canoeing, trail riding, hunting, fishing, and camping. It is also the home of former astronaut Tom Akers, a veteran of four space shuttle missions and former Principal of Eminence High School. The people of Eminence have shown their resiliency through the years by overcoming fires, floods, and other obstacles. This resil-iency has made Eminence what it is today. It is my honor to acknowledge this historic birth-day before the United States House of Rep-resentatives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JASON LEWIS 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, on December 21, 2018 I was unable to be present on the floor for recorded votes. As a proud father, I was attending my eldest daugh-ter’s college graduation in Minnesota. HONORING THE MEMORY OF BARBARA J. HOOVER HON. THOMAS R. SUOZZI 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize and remember Barbara Jeanne Hoover who passed away October 14, of this year. Unwaveringly altruistic, Barbara learned early the importance of family, dedication, and com-munity. Barbara was born on September 4, 1953 in Jamaica, Queens, New York. After graduating from St. John’s College, she was employed in Human Resources for Citibank, in New York City. It was at Citibank where Barbara met the man of her dreams and future husband, James Hoover. They were quickly married and it wasn’t long before Barbara gave birth to their first son, Bradley. Barbara chose to leave Citibank, eager to build a loving home for her family. She would later give birth to two more boys, Courtney and Logan. It is without question that Barbara’s number one passion day in and day out was her three sons. Her unconditional love, devotion, pa-tience, attentiveness, and personal sacrifice were unwavering. Her ability to see beauty in the world fueled her passion for the environment and gar-dening. She was a member of the North Country Garden Club and her tenure was de-fined by impeccable leadership. Over the course of twenty years, she served as Presi-dent, Chair of the Communications Com-mittee, and most recently as Co-Chair of the Projects Committee. She pioneered a new era in the Club’s communications, bringing a fresh, engaging design to the quarterly Ga-zette and even creating a new website. Her leadership never went unnoticed and was often celebrated. She was given the Men-tor Award for her many contributions to the NCGC for her bravery and ability to handle roadblocks with grace and dignity. Never boastful, Barbara was eager to share her ex-pertise and wisdom to NCGC newcomers. Al-ways happy to hold meetings in her house, her three English Springer Spaniels, her other passion, were always at her side. Barbara’s commitment to the environment did not stop there. From 2007 to 2011, she worked on the staff of the North Shore Land Alliance, a non-profit devoted to the conserva-tion of land on Long Island. She tirelessly planned and executed fundraisers, advocacy campaigns, meetings with elected officials, and countless other events to protect the place she called home. Barbara felt strongly about having a first- rate community hospital and tirelessly worked to provide her support for the Glen Cove Hos-pital, where she was a founding member of the Advisory Council and served as its Chair-man since 2011. Her family witnessed the ap-preciation for her by the numerous interactions with the hospital staff during her frequent visits as a patient. She, in turn, was always thankful to anyone who helped her, no matter how small the gesture. Always wanting to ease the burden for oth-ers and take on more responsibility, Barbara deliberately and thoughtfully gave her family a short eulogy a few days before her death: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.001 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1725 December 21, 2018 
‘‘I did not live an extraordinary life, but I lived the life I chose. I chose the man I adored to marry, and I loved the man I chose. And we raised the three most beau-tiful and joyous boys. I was born into a beau-tiful family with two sisters and a brother. I was blessed with the best life raising my joy-ous boys, and they kept me laughing all the way. I had meaningful work, through which I developed some of my best friends. I enjoyed being on the staff of the Land Al-liance, and I loved my service to the Glen Cove Hospital and the North Country Garden Club. I lived my life well and I lived in peace. My many friends have been caring and generous to me; and I will miss them all greatly.’’ 
Barbara’s devotion to her family and our community will be sorely missed. While she leaves behind large shoes to fill, she also leaves behind a life to as-pire to. 
f 
HONORING THE GREATER HARLEM CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation in honor of The Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce: Whereas, The Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce has been a steadfast presence in Harlem since its establishment in 1896 origi-nally chartered as the Harlem Board of Com-merce; and later to the Uptown Chamber of Commerce to better represent itself as the first and ongoing business organization in Upper Manhattan; and now as the omnipresent Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce; Whereas, The Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce has been committed to Harlem and Upper Manhattan with a demonstrated focus on commercial development, edu-cational services, as well as special attention to arts & culture, travel, and tourism; Whereas, The Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce for over 130 years has been a key community stakeholder integral to the develop-ment of major infrastructure including the con-struction of the George Washington and Tri- Borough Bridges connecting Manhattan to the outer boroughs and New Jersey and New York’s first subway line, the IRT (No. 2 & 3 Train); Whereas, The Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce brought Harlem out of the Great Depression and into the national discourse as a beacon of social-commentary and expres-sion through the Harlem Renaissance and home to the 1939 World’s Fair; Whereas, The Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce has been at the vanguard of the development and revitalization of Harlem in-cluding Strivers Gardens, an extraordinary ex-ample of mixed-use residential and commer-cial development projects, and the Striver’s Center Development Project that has been a tremendous benefit to the community at large; Whereas, The Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce to elevate Harlem, created a sin-gular celebration of Harlem’s unique culture and history which began as ‘‘Harlem Day’’ and has since grown and scale and breadth to ‘‘HARLEM WEEK’’. This extraordinary celebra-tion of Harlem Life features a diversity of cul-tural events: Afro-Cuban, Gospel, R & B, and Jazz music, sports, cinema, business fairs and vintage automobiles, and a unique ‘‘Taste of Harlem’’ at local eateries and clubs. In 2017, Harlem Week attracted more than 3.5 million people. In 2018, it included the celebration of Aretha Franklin’s legacy and featuring Janet Jackson as an honoree; Whereas, The visionary leadership including Lloyd Williams, President and CEO; Voza Riv-ers, 1st Vice President; Andrew Reddick; Michele Scott; and, Valerie Roberson among others who have lent their talent and passion to the concern for the next generation; ac-knowledging historical contributions of Women and LGBTQ in the African-American commu-nity as well as creating opportunities for re-cruiting youth to be trainees for Wall Street firms; Now, therefore I, ADRIANO ESPAILLAT , Rep- resentative of the Thirteenth Congressional District of New York in the United States House of Representatives, do hereby recog-nize The Greater Harlem Chamber of Com-merce and its long history and contributions to the vitality of Harlem’s economic growth, arts & culture, educational institutions, health awareness, and mixed-use residential-com-mercial developments as well as to the cre-ation of HARLEM WEEK which has a local and global impact, and commitment to strengthening ties to the Harlem community during the ‘‘End of the Year’’ Holiday Gala Re-ception, on Tuesday, December 18 2018. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN A. YARMUTH 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I unfortunately was unable to be present for a vote taken on the House floor on December 20, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted in the fol-lowing manner: Rollcall Vote No. 472: nay. 
f 
HONORING THE LEGACY OF BONG’S JEWELERS 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the legacy of Bong’s Jewelers in Cor-ning, New York. For the last one hundred and twenty-six years the residents of Corning have cele-brated birthdays, engagements, weddings, and anniversaries with gifts from Bong’s Jewelers. Founded by two brothers in 1892, Bong’s has been run by the family for generations, helping the people of Corning celebrate their happiest occasions. It is with a heavy heart that I recognize the final closing of this community institution. Jeff Bong has owned the family shop since 1975 and after more than forty years of hard work and success, Jeff has announced his well-de-served retirement. Having known Jeff and his family for dec-ades, he represents a pillar of our community that will be sorely missed with the closing of his business. However, I know his ties to our community will endure and we are forever grateful for his efforts and commitment to all of us. We wish the Bongs well in their retirement and thank them for their service to our com-munity. Given the above, I ask that this Legislative Body pause in its deliberations and join me to honor Bong’s Jewelers, a family-owned busi-ness of the Corning community for the last one hundred and twenty-six years. f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SALEM NEWS 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100-year anniversary of the Salem News, the local newspaper of my hometown—Salem, Missouri. The Salem News began operations on June 13, 1918, with O.H. Grosse as the owner/publisher and M.W. Gustin as the editor. For $1.50 subscrip-tion, you could enjoy the newspaper for an en-tire year. The late Charles Stacey, Robert L. ‘‘Bob’’ Vickery and W.R. ‘‘Ray’’ Vickery also served as publishers of the Salem News, a position currently held by Donald Dodd. Very few businesses reach 100 years of ex-istence. This is a testament to the staff for consistently providing relevant and timely in-formation to the community. Today, it is my great privilege to congratulate and honor the Salem News before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING JAMES ‘‘CHIEF’’ WILSON 
HON. VAL BUTLER DEMINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a legend in the Orlando community— the peerless James ‘‘Chief’’ Wilson. Mr. Wilson was father to two daughters, but a father figure for thousands. As band leader at Jones High School—a program he built from scratch into one of the finest programs in the country—he brought a lifetime of learning, music, and joy to his students and his commu-nity. Mr. Wilson was famous not only for his high expectations, but for his lifelong advocacy for the young men and women in his care. He helped them prepare for college and win scholarships. He stayed in touch with them for years after they graduated. Many credit him with turning their lives around. Simply put, he was a role model. He pro-vided the guidance that only an incredible teacher can give. Telling his pupils that ‘‘per-fect practice makes perfect performance,’’ he cultivated an attitude of excellence in his stu-dents that would last a lifetime. But underneath the demand for excellence and the incredible legacy that he built, there was also the man himself—a man whom his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.002 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1726 December 21, 2018 
children described as a ‘‘kid at heart.’’ A man who loved music, Christmas lights, and the old car which he used to give rides to students and take his family on road trips. ‘‘Chief’’ Wilson never met a stranger, and he remembered his students when he crossed paths with them years later. A faithful member of Washington Shores Presbyterian Church, a homeowner in the Washington Shores com-munity for over 50 years, and a charter mem-ber of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc., his roots were deep. He will be missed by all. But I know that his positive influence will live on in his students, his program, and his incredible legacy for years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SERGEANT WILLIAM M. BAYS 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Sergeant William M. Bays, a beloved father and respected Amer-ican hero who lost his life on June 10, 2017. Born October 17, 1987, in Barstow, Cali-fornia, Sergeant Bays valiantly rose through the ranks since enlisting in the United States Army in 2009, eventually serving as a squad leader with D Company, 1st Battalion, 187th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team of the 101st Airborne Division. Sergeant Bays’ reputation of steadfast self-lessness, along with the numerous awards he earned for his service—including the Bronze Star and Purple Heart—are evidence of his re-lentless dedication to safeguarding our na-tion’s freedoms and values. His patriotic spirit and dedication to his country were rivaled only by his fervent commitment to his family and his enthusiasm for serving others. I join with his family and loved ones—includ-ing his wife, Jasmin Bays, his children, and his extended family—in celebrating his accom-plishments and recognizing his noble service to our nation. His outstanding legacy of patri-otism and compassion lives on in each mem-ber of his family and in all those who knew him. I am grateful for the Kentucky General As-sembly’s dedication of this roadway in the 1st District of Kentucky, as it will serve as a testa-ment to his extraordinary sacrifice, which is worthy of our deepest respect and admiration. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the chamber on Thurs-day, December 20, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 448, 455, 461, 466, 474, 475, 476, 477, 478, 479, 480, 481, and 482. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 467. Specifically, for roll call vote 448, the First Step Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ enthu-siastically in support of this legislation. Despite my delay in making it to the House floor, I would have supported this legislation due to the reforming of decades old policies that have plagued our criminal justice system. f 
HONORING CHIEF MICHAEL DONOVAN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chief Michael Dono-van’s forty-two years of service in California Law Enforcement. Chief Donovan was born in Oceanside, Cali-fornia in 1961 and has dedicated his life to public service. He earned his Bachelor’s De-gree in Human Resources Management and his Master’s Degree in Business Administra-tion in 1989, both from California State Poly-technic University, Pomona. His commitment to public service and law enforcement has made all the communities he has served, in-cluding our community of Napa, California, a safer and better place to live. Over the course of his career, Chief Dono-van has served in many different law enforce-ment capacities. He was a police officer at the Sierra Madre Police Department, an Investi-gator at the Baldwin Park Police Department and the Assistant Chief Investigator, and later Chief Investigator, at the San Bernardino County District Attorney’s Office. Since 2011, Chief Donovan has served as the Chief Inves-tigator at the Napa County District Attorney’s Office. Chief Donovan is active in the law en-forcement community. He currently sits on the California District Attorney Investigators’ Asso-ciation Board of Directors as the Treasurer and Chair of the Training Committee. He also serves on the California District Attorneys’ As-sociation Legislative Committee. Additionally, Chief Donovan is an active member in the local Napa Rotary Club and volunteers at many Rotary Club sponsored events. Chief Donovan has remained dedicated and motivated throughout his long career in law enforcement and public service. He is always willing to take on difficult projects and help others in the office. He draws on his depth of knowledge and experience in his profession to help others in his field. Mr. Speaker, it is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, on December 19, 2018 and December 20, 2018 I was absent for several roll call votes in order to attend the fu-neral of a family member. Had I been present I would have voted in the following manner. Roll Call 437 Yea; Roll Call 438, the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimers Act Yea; Roll Call 439 Yea; Roll Call 440 Yea; Roll Call 441 Yea; Roll Call 442 Yea; Roll Call 443 Yea; Roll Call 444 Yea; Roll Call 445 Yea; Roll Call 446 No; Roll Call 447 No; Roll Call 448 the First Step Act of 2018 Yea; Roll Call 449 Yea; Roll Call 450 Yea; Roll Call 451 Yea; Roll Call 452 Yea; Roll Call 453 the Victims of Child Abuse Act Reauthorization Act Yea; Roll Call 454 Yea; Roll Call 455 Yea; Roll Call 456 Yea; Roll Call 457 Yea; Roll Call 458 Yea; Roll Call 459 Yea; Roll Call 460 Yea; Roll Call 461 Yea; Roll Call 462 Yea; Roll Call 463 Yea; Roll Call 464 Yea; Roll Call 465 Yea; Roll Call 466 Yea; Roll Call 467 No; and Roll Call 468 No. f 
THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DAVID FATTAH, SR. 
HON. DWIGHT EVANS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an influential and dedicated man from Philadelphia, David Fattah, Sr., a devoted servant of the commu-nity and his family. Mr. Fattah passed away on December 5, 2018. I’d like to include in the R
ECORD the eulogy delivered by Ralph E. Blanks, Interim Pastor of Vine Memorial Bap-tist Church in West Philadelphia. 
‘‘David Fattah, Senior has written the autobiography of his life. Today, we have read selected excerpts and pages from his life story. What a life extraordinaire as he and his beloved soulmate, Queen Mother Falaka Fattah made a difference in the lives of countless boys and girls thru the House of Umoja. Umoja, a Swahili word that means to strive and maintain unity in the family, community, nation and race. The opposite of unity is division and division is one of the weapons the devil has used for ages to divide us mentally, physically, and spiritually. This is why a race divided against itself cannot stand. The more united we are, the stronger we become. The more divided we are, the weaker we become. Today, David Fattah’s life reminds us to do all things necessary to unite and stay united. If we don’t do it, it won’t get done!!! There are some things that only we can do for us, by us, with us and to us!!!! Hear the words of the Lord speaking to us for this time as recorded in the book of the Prophet Isaiah chapter 58 verses 10,11,12: If you pour yourself out for the hungry and satisfy the desire of the afflicted, then shall your light rise in the darkness and your gloom be as the noonday. And the Lord will guide you continually and satisfy your desire in scorched places and make your bones strong; and you shall be like a watered gar-den, like a spring of water whose waters do not fail. And your ancient ruins shall be re-built; you shall raise up the foundations of many generations, you shall be called the re-pairer of the breach, the restorer of the streets to dwell in. Councilman Curtis Jones, Jr. tells of a time when two street gangs were about to go to war and David drove up in a banged up, beat up police cruiser. Jumped out and stood in the gap between the two gangs and carried out shuttle diplomacy in the ‘‘hood’’. A husband, father, grandfather, patriarch, social engineer, community activist and today we add ‘‘restorer’’ to describe David. Restore means to bring back into exist-ence; to use or reestablish; to bring back to a state of health, soundness or vigor. The communities and neighborhoods are calling out for someone like David to stand in the gap and restore civility, bring back respect, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.006 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1727 December 21, 2018 
reestablish order and common sense which ain’t very common these days. David was a restorer of life because his life pointed people to the life of Jesus. That’s what it means to be a restorer of life. Your life points people to the ultimate restorer of life, Jesus Christ. Let your light shine before others, so that they may see your good works and give glory to your Father who is in heaven. If you pour yourself out for the hungry and satisfy the soul of the oppressed, then shall your light rise in the darkness and your night will become like the noonday. Notice the Lord does not say, if you give the hungry some food, but rather He says if you give yourself!!! It’s easy to give folk some food, but to give up your house, your comforts, your privacy, your money, your clothes, your space.........., your living room/ dining room becomes the meeting room, the gathering room, the prayer room filled with desks, chairs, computers and other office equipment. Jesus said, if you try to hang on to your life, you will lose it. But if you give up your life for my sake and for the sake of the Good News, you will save it. Mark 8:35 Folks are just as hungry today as they were 45 years ago-physically hungry, men-tally hungry, spiritually hungry; hungry for love, hungry for acceptance, hungry for fam-ily, hungry for a sense of home and belong-ing. If you are generous, extravagant with the down and out, your lives will began to glow in the darkness, your shadowed lives will be bathed in the sunlight. Listen to what the Lord says He will do in your life when you pour out, give extravagantly to the last, the least, the lost, the struggling....... ......I will always show you where to go, I’ll give you a full life in the emptiest of places, firm muscles, strong bones. You’ll be a well- watered garden, a gurgling spring that never runs dry. You’ll use the old rubble of past lives to build to build anew, rebuild the foun-dations from out of your past, you’ll be known as those who can fix anything, restore old ruins, rebuild and renovate, make the community livable again. Who will stand in the gap? Who will be known as the restorers of the streets, of the community? Will you make a commitment today? Then sign off on the Imani Pledge that Queen Mother and David developed: Whereas over 44 years ago in 1974, the youth in the City of Philadelphia took the bold step forward to ensure that following generations would not have to experience the self-destruction and agony of gang warfare. We honor them for this and for keeping their word. Whereas in as much as our ancestors, par-ents, teachers, caregivers, elder community members and others that have shed blood that we might acquire an education. We give our word to refrain from fighting during school, after school and inside school, and we encourage those that we know to do the same. Whereas we too are a generation that is proud and want to succeed. On this day, I sign this document to let it be known wher-ever it needs to be known that I care deeply about our community and will do all in my power to return us to our traditional great-ness. Let my word be my bond. In honor of David Fattah, Sr., I pledge to stand in the gap as a restorer of the streets and commu-nities. Some of you are asking right now: pastor, are you asking me to sign up for another so-cial justice movement. In Jesus’ church, there can be no separation between the cross and social justice. There is no separation in Scripture between the two—no pain no gain, no cross no crown!!!! Jesus said in Matthew 25: Come, you who are blessed by my Father, inherit the Kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world. For I was hun-gry, and you gave me food, I was thirsty, and you gave me a drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me, I was naked, and you clothed me, I was sick and you visited me, I was in prison and you came to me. There is no separation between the cross and social justice. If we go into the neighbor-hood and live out the gospel—two things will happen. People and places will change. We are called to be restorers of life and of the streets. David Fattah, husband, father, community activist, restorer of the streets was called from earthly labors to heavenly reward the other day. The heart that gave so much to so many just stopped!!! But the Creator said I’ve got a new heart for you over in Gloryland!!!! David is done with the troubles of this world, he has gone home to be with His God!!! No more crying, weeping and wail-ing, no more sickness, heartache or break. He’s done with the troubles of the world. Listen as David speaks parting words: Do not stand at my grave and weep for me, I am not there. I do not sleep!!! I am every boy and girl fighting for life. I am every par-ent struggling with rebellious kids! I am every teacher demanding your best. I am standing in the gap connecting warring fac-tions. Do not stand at my grave and cry, I am not there, I did not die. If I can do my duty as a good man ought If I can bring back beauty to a world up wrought If I can spread love’s message as the Mas-ter taught Then my living shall not be in vain David Fattah, Sr., husband, father, grand-father, patriarch, social engineer, restorer of the streets and community has done his work, has sung his song, now he has gone home where he belongs!!!! To God be The Glory!!!!!!! 
The 2nd Congressional District of Pennsyl-vania extends gratitude to David Fattah, Sr. for his dedicated support and service to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
f 
HONORING SHERIFF JOHN TURNER 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of John Tur-ner, Sheriff of Walla Walla County. John is re-tiring as Sheriff of Walla Walla County on De-cember 31, 2018, after serving as Sheriff since 2011. John first became a member of law enforce-ment after joining the Manhattan Beach, Cali-fornia police department in 1984, followed by a sixteen-year stint with the Los Angeles Po-lice Department. After a stint outside of law enforcement, John was elected Sheriff of Walla Walla County in 2011, and won reelec-tion to that position in 2014. With his election, John became the 32nd Sheriff of Walla Walla County since its founding in 1859. Aside from his work with various law enforcement agen-cies, John is a graduate of both the University of Southern California, and Southwestern Uni-versity School of Law, where he received a Juris Doctorate degree in 1996. During his time as Sheriff, John has been recognized both in Washington State and throughout the nation. He has been named an Executive Board Member of the Washington Association of Sheriffs & Police Chiefs, served as a Commissioner of the Washington State Criminal Justice Training Commission, and has been nominated for the Ferris E. Lucas Award for National Sheriff of the Year. John has also been an active member of the Walla Walla community, participating in the Walla Walla Noon Rotary Club and as an active member at Blue Mountain Community Church. John’s work on behalf of Walla Walla Coun-ty will be remembered by all, but especially by his colleagues in the Sheriff’s office, who ap-preciate his work in turning the sheriff’s office into a high quality, well respected law enforce-ment agency. I appreciate John’s work on behalf of the Sheriff’s office and of Walla Walla County and the honorable role he filled as Sheriff. I wish him the best in his retirement. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was held up by Committee business. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 449 and ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 456. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF BETSY WRIGHT AND COM-MEMORATING HER DEDICATION TO THE CHAUTAUQUA MEDICAL COMMUNITY 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate the service of Betsy Wright to UPMC Chautauqua, formerly WCA Hospital, and con-gratulate her on her retirement. For the last twenty years, Betsy Wright has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of UPMC Chautauqua. Her dedicated service has ensured the high levels of em-ployee engagement and community support that the hospital enjoys today. With more than thirty-five years in the healthcare industry, Betsy’s insight is highly respected by the New York State Department of Health, the Office of Mental Health, and the Office of Alcohol and Substance Abuse Serv-ices. Policy makers at all levels of healthcare know Betsy for her tireless work to improve care of patients in the community. Betsy’s leadership in the healthcare commu-nity does not end with UPMC Chautauqua. She also is a member of the executive com-mittee of the Healthcare Association of New York State and a past Regent of the American College of Healthcare Executives. Throughout her career, Betsy has been recognized many times by Buffalo Business First as one of ‘‘Western New York’s Most Influential People’’. As Betsy moves forward with the next chap-ter of her life, we applaud her tireless effort to improve the quality of healthcare for the citi-zens of Chautauqua County and we wish her all the best in her retirement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.011 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1728 December 21, 2018 
Given the above, I ask that this Legislative Body pause in its deliberations and join me to celebrate Betsy Wright and her extraordinary career. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PETER J. FREEMAN 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in order to recognize the remarkable Peter J. Freeman, my Deputy Chief of Staff and Senior Advisor for the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee. He is a passionate public servant, and talented member of my staff. Peter first arrived on Capitol Hill, over two decades ago, as a humble House Page hail-ing from Bainbridge Island, Washington. He returned to the area soon thereafter to attend and graduate from Georgetown University’s Walsh School of Foreign Service. He then found himself back on the Hill in the office of Rep. Deborah Pryce (R–OH), where he rose through the ranks, becoming Deputy Chief of Staff. Along the way, he worked on various bills, including a federal backstop for commer-cial terrorism insurance, a bill prohibiting job discrimination based on sexual orientation, and various bills impacting affordable housing. Peter developed an expertise on financial services issues, which served him well when he returned to Capitol Hill in my office. In his position, he helped me with flood insurance reform, economic regulatory relief, anti-money laundering, terrorism financing, housing fi-nance, and credit score competition legisla-tion, among others. Peter did a remarkable job in managing my office. He helped me assemble a great team, provided valuable counsel; and helped me to fulfill my vision during our time together. While I am retiring, Peter will always be an es-teemed and unforgettable member of the Royce Team. His dedicated intellect, his wit, and his ability to connect with people on all levels and all sides of the political spectrum are qualities that make him a rare entity on Capitol Hill. But Peter’s greatest asset is his passion to serve. And I am grateful that he chose to serve my constituents of the 39th District of California, the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, and the nation. I thank Peter, and wish him the very best of luck for the next chapter of his life. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN DAVID ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM WQAD 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John David, who is retiring from Mo-line, Illinois’ TV station, WQAD. Mr. David has been reporting for 29 years at WQAD and has become an integral part of the Quad Cities community. Mr. David grew up in Southern California, where he began his broadcasting career at age 16 for KCSN–FM. He graduated cum laude from Occidental College in Los Angeles with degrees in Political Science and Theater Arts and Rhetoric. He then went on to receive a Master’s degree in Broadcast Journalism with distinction from Northwestern University. Mr. David is best known for reporting on the rise and fall of American manufacturing and its toll on the workforce. His documentary, ‘‘Where Did the Jobs Go?’’ received the 2006 Regional RTNDA Edward R. Murrow Award for a news documentary. As a former reporter, I understand the demands of this work and thank David for his commitment to informing our community. It is because of dedicated community lead-ers such as Mr. David that I am especially proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again for-mally congratulate Mr. David on his well- earned retirement and thank him for all of his contributions and service to our community. f 
COL. TONY JACK BUCKLES, U.S. ARMY (RET.) 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Col. Tony Jack Buckles, U.S. Army (Ret.) and his years of dedication to our country and the communities of California’s 51st Congressional District. Col. Tony Jack Buckles, of Pensacola, FL passed away at the age of 69 on December 5, 2018 following a heroic battle with cancer. He is survived by: his wife of 49 years, Nancy C. Buckles; his children: Jonathan (Lauren) Buckles; and Elizabeth (James) Deck; his six beautiful granddaughters: Brenton, Madeline, Catherine, and Elizabeth Buckles and Emilia and Enslie Deck and his mother, Billie Buck-les. Tony was born on November 5, 1949 to Jack and Billie Buckles in Elizabethton, TN. Tony was an alumnus of East Tennessee State University. He was commissioned in June of 1971 as an Armor Officer and after graduating the Armor Officer Orientation Course, Airborne School, and Ranger School, Tony began his distinguished service assigned to the U.S. Army’s Third Armored Division in the Federal Republic of Germany. Tony graduated from many courses, includ-ing the Infantry Officer Advanced Course, the United States Marine Corp’s Command and Staff College, and achieved the status of dis-tinguished graduate of the National War Col-lege at Fort McNair, Washington, DC. Tony’s esteemed service led to the fulfillment of a ca-reer-long goal of being selected as the Bat-talion Commander for 1/70 Armor, in the U.S. Army’s 5th Mechanized Infantry Division, at Fort Polk, LA, where his battalion was se-lected as the first in the Division to field the Army’s newest battle tank at the time, the M1 Abrams. Tony went on to serve honorably as the Garrison Commander for the U.S. Army’s III Armored Corps at Fort Hood, TX, with his military career ultimately concluding with the privilege of serving the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives in the U.S. Army’s Congressional Liaison Office. Over the course of Tony’s career, he re-ceived numerous awards and recognition for his service, culminating with being awarded the U.S. Army’s Distinguished Service Medal for exceptionally meritorious service to the Government in duties of great responsibility. Following his retirement, after 30 years of service, Tony became the Chief of Staff for U.S. Congressman Bob Filner, 51st District, California from 2001–2012. On behalf of California’s 51st Congressional District. I would like to formally honor the memory of Col. Tony Jack Buckles on his years of dedicated service to the nation and California’s 51st Congressional District. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, on May 21, 2018 the House took roll call votes on a series of bills which in-cluded, H.R. 4451, the Homeless Veterans’ Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of 2018. Unintentionally, I voted no on this legis-lation when I meant to vote yes. My recorded vote does not reflect my position on the impor-tant programs and support services for home-less veterans that were reauthorized in H.R. 4451 and I look forward to working with my colleagues to expand services that help our veterans thrive as civilians after their brave service to our country has concluded. 
f 
HONORING MR. RANDY ESPINET; A CUBAN-AMERICAN LEADER IN OUR SOUTH FLORIDA COMMU-NITY 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Randy Espinet has been a leading figure in our Cuban-American community for decades. A fellow graduate of the University of Miami, my alma mater, Randy has devoted his time to improving our beloved community each and every day. He never ceases to put the needs of others before his own, and his determination to better the lives of those around him is a testament to his character. As a political activist in South Florida, Randy works hard to advocate for those who need it most. Whether he is supporting national Cuban- American initiatives—or advocating for a noble cause at the municipal or state level—his commitment to public service is unwavering, and South Florida is proud to have him in our corner. Mr Speaker, I am honored to recognize Mr. Randy Espinet, an upstanding member of our community, and I am confident that he will continue to better our slice of paradise for years to come. Thank you (Gracias) to Randy for all he does. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.014 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1729 December 21, 2018 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF RALPH WIL-LIAM HALL, DEDICATED PUBLIC SERVANT AND WORLD WAR II VETERAN WHO SERVED HIS COUNTRY WITH HONOR AND DIS-TINCTION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my sad duty to inform the House that Ralph Wil-liam Hall, a distinguished military officer and World War II veteran, passed away on De-cember 18, 2018, in Washington, D.C. He was 99 years old. Born January 25, 1919 in Metcalf, Georgia, the oldest of five siblings born to Adam and Maggie Hall. Ralph William Hall attended Johnson C. Smith University from which he graduated in 1941. While a student there, Ralph William Hall pledged in Omega Psi Phi Fraternity and was inducted into Rho Chapter, an active as-sociation he maintained for the ensuing 80 years, until entering Omega Chapter. Mr. Speaker, Ralph William Hall was com-missioned a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army and served heroically in World War II. He was subsequently promoted to First Lieu-tenant and upon his honorable discharge from active duty, Ralph William Hall continued his service to our nation by working as a civil servant for the U.S. Government. Ralph William Hall relocated to Washington D.C. where he was an active member of the St. Timothy Episcopal Church, and Southeast Washington, D.C. Ralph William Hall leaves to cherish his memory two children, Douglas and Angela Hall; two grandchildren, Shaune Cannon and Drew Cannon; and a host of relatives, friends, and loved ones. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a moment of silence in memory of Ralph William Hall, a great American and one of the last members of the World War II generation, which is regarded by many historians as the ‘‘Greatest Generation.’’ 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I missed some votes on Wednesday, Decem-ber 19, all votes on Thursday, December 20, and some votes today. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Vote Number 440 (Passage of H.R. 7327, the SECURE Technology Act): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 441 (Passage of H.R. 7279, the Water Infrastructure Improve-ment Act): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 442 (Passage of H.R. 6227, the National Quantum Initiative Act): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 443 (Passage of H.R. 6652): YES; Roll Call Vote 444 (Passage of S. 1520, the Modernizing Recreational Fisheries Manage-ment Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 445 (Passage of S. 3530, the Museum and Library Services Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 446 (Agreeing to H. Res. 1180): NO; Roll Call Vote Number 447 (Agreeing to H. Res. 1181): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 448 (Concurring in the Senate Amendment to the House Amend-ment to S. 756, the First Step Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 449 (Passage of H.R. 7328, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 450 (Concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 5075, the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 451 (Passage of H.R. 7093, the Clean Up the Code Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 452 (Passage of S. 2896, the Justice Against Corruption on K Street Act of 2018 or JACK Act): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 453 (Passage of S. 2961, the Victims of Child Abuse Act Reau-thorization Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 454 (Passage of S. 2679, the Veterans Small Business Enhance-ment Act): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 455 (Passage of H.R. 7227, the Taxpayer First Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 456 (Concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 4227, the Ve-hicular Terrorism Prevention Act of 2019): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 457 (Passage of S. 2652, the Stephen Michael Gleason Congres-sional Gold Medal Act): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 458 (Passage of S. 2765, the RBIC Advisers Relief Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 459 (Concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 5509, the In-novations in Mentoring, Training, and Appren-ticeships Act): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 460 (Passage of S. 7, the NASA Enhanced Use Leasing Exten-sion Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 461 (Passage of S. 2200, the National Integrated Drought Informa-tion System Reauthorization Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 462 (Concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 767, the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act of 2018 or the SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 463 (Passage of S. 2322, the Codifying Useful Regulatory Defini-tions Act): NO; Roll Call Vote Number 464 (Passage of H.R. 6418, the VA Website Accessibility Act of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 465 (Passage of S. 3444): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 466 (Passage of S. 3777, the Forever GI Bill Housing Payment Fulfillment Act of 2018: YES; Roll Call Vote Number 467 (Motion to Table the Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair): NO; Roll Call Vote Number 468 (Adoption of the Previous Question): NO; Roll Call Vote Number 469 (Agreeing to H. Res. 1183): NO; Roll Call Vote Number 470 (Passage of House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 88, the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018 and the Tax-payer First Act of 2018): NO; Roll Call Vote Number 471 (Concurring in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 472 (Concur in the Senate Amendment to the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment with an Amend-ment to H.R. 695 (making continuing appro-priations for FY 2019)): NO; Roll Call Vote Number 473 (Passage of H.R. 6602): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 474 (Passage of H. Res. 1063): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 475 (Passage of H.R. 7318): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 476 (Passage of H.R. 7319): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 477 (Passage of H.R. 7329): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 478 (Passage of H.R. 3367): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 479 (Passage of H.R. 7293): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 480 (Passage of S. 2276, GAO–IG Act): YES; Roll Call Vote Number 481 (Passage of S. 3031, the Federal Property Management Act): YES; and Roll Call Vote Number 482 (Passage of S. 3191, the Civil Rights Cold Case Records Col-lection Act of 2018): YES. f 
HONORING GLEN MOBERG 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Glen Moberg, a great man and staple of the greater Wausau area. Glen is the award- winning news bureau director for Wisconsin Public Radio in Wausau. I have known Glen since I first ran for office, and Mr. Speaker, whether you’re conservative, liberal, or mod-erate, Glen Moberg asks tough questions but also fair questions. It’s easy to see Glen’s character not only in his desire to keep the Wausau area informed, but also in his commit-ment to serve others. Glen has served on the Board of Directors of the Community Founda-tion of North Central Wisconsin, the Center for Visual Arts in Wausau, and the Marathon County Literacy Council. Glen is a great guy who always has a smile on his face, Mr. Speaker. And for all those reasons I am heart-broken. He was recently diagnosed with inop-erable stomach cancer. My wife Rachel, our eight children, and I are praying for Glen and the Moberg family, and hope that the Lord comforts them as he bravely takes on this bat-tle. He is a role model for aspiring journalists across Wisconsin and across the nation, and central Wisconsin is lucky to have had Glen as an anchor of the community. 
f 
HONORING MAYOR CHRIS COURSEY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chris Coursey for his four 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.020 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1730 December 21, 2018 
years of service on the Santa Rosa City Coun-cil as Council Member and Mayor. The son of a military officer, Mr. Coursey grew up in many states across the United States. After he graduated from the University of Northern Colorado, Mr. Coursey moved to Santa Rosa, California. Prior to his service on the Santa Rosa City Council, Mr. Coursey had been a writer at the Santa Rosa Press Demo-crat for many years and was a spokesman for the SMART commuter rail system. Mr. Coursey was elected to the Santa Rosa City Council in 2014 and served as Vice Mayor in 2015. He has served as Mayor since 2016. During his tenure as Mayor, Mr. Coursey oversaw the annexation of Roseland and the reunification of Old Courthouse Square. Mr. Coursey led our community in the immediate aftermath of the October 2017 wildfires that devastated Santa Rosa. He dedi-cated many long days to the rebuilding proc-ess. He also saw the city begin to address the needs of the homeless and housing crises. Additionally, Mr. Coursey has held many committee positions during his term on the Santa Rosa City Council. He has served on Ad Hoc Rent Subcommittee, the Economic Development Subcommittee, the Violence Pre-vention Partnership Policy Subcommittee, the Long Term Financial Policy Subcommittee and the Courthouse Square Advisory Committee. Mr. Speaker, Chris Coursey is an admirable leader who is dedicated to serving our com-munity. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MARGO PRICE ON HER GRAMMY NOMINATION FOR BEST NEW ARTIST 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Margo Price, who has been nomi-nated for a 2019 Grammy Award for Best New Artst. Ms. Price is a talented country musician and I would like to congratulate her on this achievement. Ms. Price grew up in Aledo, Illinois, where she played piano and sang in church choir be-fore studying dance and theater at Northern Il-linois University in DeKalb, Illinois. At age 20, she moved to Nashville where she worked a number of jobs while pursuing her music ca-reer. She and her husband, Jeremy Ivey, were part of the band ‘‘Secret Handshake’’ before they started ‘‘Buffalo Clover’’ and ‘‘Margo and the Pricetags.’’ Ms. Price has been on Satur-day Night Live and her music was featured on the show ‘‘Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown.’’ Her first album, ‘‘Midwest Farmer’s Daughter,’’ went to number 10 on the U.S. Country chart and her second album, ‘‘All American Made,’’ went to number 12 on the U.S. Country chart. It is because of talented artists such as Ms. Price that I am especially proud to serve Illi-nois’ 17th Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Ms. Price on her Grammy nomination and her commitment to making music for so many fans to enjoy across the country. RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF ROY HARGROVE HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the life of a man whose artistic abilities and musical prominence were born of my hometown. Roy Hargrove was a world-renowned jazz trum-peter, who won two Grammys in his career for best Latin Jazz performance in 1998 and then best jazz instrumental album in 2003. The im-pact of his musical career, however, was de-fined by much more than the five albums he released or the many awards he won. A Waco, Texas native, like myself, Mr. Har-grove moved to Dallas at a young age, where he attended the Booker T. Washington School for the Performing and Visual Arts to study music. Though only 49 years old when he passed, Mr. Hargrove earned respect for his musical abilities from his peers while in his teens. For over 30 years, Mr. Hargrove’s mu-sical genius was celebrated by accomplished musicians who’s path he followed. These mu-sicians included Dallas’ very own David ‘‘Fat-head’’ Newman, who inspired Mr. Hargrove to continue pursuing his passion for music in the 1980s. After beginning his performing career in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex during his teenage years, Mr. Hargrove moved to New York City to continue his studies of music. In addition to launching his professional career, it is here that he founded The Jazz Gallery, a space that serves as a hub for new music. It is noted by those who value his career that Mr. Hargrove created a unique sound that bridged traditional jazz with hip-hop and R&B. He was instrumental in bringing neo-soul to prominence. Mr. Hargrove will be most re-membered as both an exceptional soloist and a brilliant collaborator. Mr. Speaker, jazz is one of my favorite genres of music, and Dallas is my hometown. Roy Hargrove represents both of these two things, which are dear to me. Today, I wish to offer my condolences to the Hargrove family and the Booker T. Washington family who have lost one of their most adored members. Let us remember the joy Mr. Hargrove brought to others through his music and continue the tradition of passing on his passion through the teaching of music to the young people of this country. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF J. SCOTT PETERSEN 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of J. Scott Petersen, whose time on Capitol Hill will come to an end this Friday, December 21, 2018. Mr. Petersen began his journey here in the House of Representatives as a Science and Technology Fellow in the office of former Con-gressman Dennis Cardoza, where his natural resource expertise and political acuity were quickly recognized and rewarded. Since he joined Team Costa, Scott has proven himself an exceptional employee, advisor, and friend. His ability to forge consensus in difficult nego-tiations and his expert knowledge of water re-sources is unparalleled here in Congress. Over the years he has played a key role in passing legislation such as the WIIN Act. He holds the respect of his staff, peers, and prin-cipals for his bipartisanship, effectiveness, and decisive judgment. Scott Petersen was born in Riverside on September 2, 1979. Scott attended California State Polytechnic University-Pomona, earning a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engi-neering, and later receiving a Certificate in Land Use and Planning from the University of California, Riverside. As a California native, Scott enjoys being in the great outdoors, whether capturing nature’s wonder behind the lens of his camera, hiking, or climbing the face of Yosemite’s iconic Half Dome. Scott will always be remembered for his sense of humor, love of protein shakes, and ability to equally appreciate both the finer and simpler pleasures in life. As a member of Team Costa, Scott left his mark through his commitment to the natural resources issues affecting the San Joaquin Valley, with his greatest contributions coming from his work on water resources issues im-pacting Californians. In continuing pursuit of these goals, Scott will be moving back to Cali-fornia to become the Director of Water Re-sources and Science Policy for the San Luis and Delta Mendota Water Authority. I can think of no better person for the job. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the service of Mr. Scott Pe-tersen and wish him the best in this transition, and what will undoubtedly be a bright future. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKY ROSEN 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, on December 20, on roll call votes 446, 447, 448, 449, 450, 451, 452, 453, 454, 455, 456, 457, 458, 459, 460, 461, 462, 463, 464, 465, 466, 467, 468, 469, 470, 471, 472, and 473, I was not present due to the death of my brother the prior evening. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call votes 446, 463, 467, 468, 469, 470, and 472. I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes: 447, 448, 449, 450, 451, 452, 453, 454, 455, 456, 457, 458, 459, 460, 461, 462, 464, 465, 466, 471, and 473. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF NEW YORK STATE SENATOR JOSE´ RAFAEL PERALTA 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the life and accomplish-ments of my colleague and fellow Dominican- American, New York State Senator Jose ´ Rafael Peralta who passed away suddenly and unexpectedly at the age of 47. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.023 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1731 December 21, 2018 
A dear friend, a pioneer, and a tireless ad-vocate for the people of Queens, Jose ´was an ardent advocate for his constituents and New York City in his elected service in the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly. Jose´Rafael Peralta was born in Washington Heights and raised in Queens by Dominican- born parents; making him the first Dominican- American to be elected to New York State Senate. He was a proud graduate of Queens College, City University of New York. Not only a dedicated student, he was attuned to local politics and driven to make his community a better place. This was when I first met Jose ´as a volunteer on my campaign for State Assem-bly. Jose´was effervescent and exceedingly in-telligent. And thoughtful. And my friend. Senator Peralta fought relentlessly for the rights and equity for all immigrants. He was a strong supporter of the DREAM Act for New York State. On behalf of his constituents in New York City and the greater immigrant dias-pora in New York State, he was unyielding in his desire to see the New York State Dream Act passed and signed into law. He believed with every fiber of his being that we have an obligation to ensure that every opportunity for equity and advancement should be available to all persons. I have called on New York State Senate leadership and New York Gov-ernor Andrew M. Cuomo to rename the legis-lation after Jose´Rafael Peralta to honor his work in advocacy of the immigrant community of New York. Jose´Rafael Peralta was vibrant, an extraor-dinary public servant, a devoted husband, and a loving father. He fought for the marginalized, for working families, for women, for everyone who needed a voice. May God bless his family. It was an honor to call him a friend. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. COLLIN C. PETERSON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, due to my at-tendance at the Presidential signing of H.R. 2, the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 also known as the Farm Bill, I was unable to be present for several votes taken on December 20, 2018 on bills considered under suspension of the Rules. Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No. 448; YEA on Roll Call No. 449; YEA on Roll Call No. 450; YEA on Roll Call No. 451; YEA on Roll Call No. 452; YEA on Roll Call No. 453; YEA on Roll Call No. 454; YEA on Roll Call No. 455; YEA on Roll Call No. 456; YEA on Roll Call No. 457; YEA on Roll Call No. 458; YEA on Roll Call No. 459; YEA on Roll Call No. 460; YEA on Roll Call No. 461; YEA on Roll Call No. 462; YEA on Roll Call No. 463; YEA on Roll Call No. 464; YEA on Roll Call No. 465; and YEA on Roll Call No. 466. HONORING THE LIFE OF FREDI SIMPSON HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Washington State Republican Congres-sional Delegation, I rise today to honor the life of Mrs. Fredi Simpson, and recognize her tre-mendous service and many contributions to Washington State and our nation. As a longtime leader in Washington State politics, Fredi was well known for her fierce personality and tenacious drive. Fredi served as the Republican National Committeewoman for Washington State, Chairwoman for the Chelan County Republican Central Committee and Chairwoman of the Chelan-Douglas Re-publican Women’s group, among other posts. In politics, Fredi was a force to be reckoned with, crisscrossing the state helping can-didates on every level. Fredi’s leadership in the state will be missed. Above all, however, we will miss her friend-ship. Fredi was beloved by all who knew her, and she spent her life lifting up her community and serving others. There was no more loyal of a friend than Fredi. The hole she leaves be-hind in our hearts and in our Central Wash-ington community will never be filled. We are forever grateful for the many laughs shared and will always cherish the fond memories of our time together as partners on the campaign trail, and most importantly as friends in life. As I reflect on the many remarkable con-tributions that span Fredi’s lifetime, I hold close in my heart the family she leaves be-hind. While Fredi loved her nation and was devoted to its service, there was no love greater than that which she gave to her family. To her husband, Bruce, a small business owner from Wenatchee, WA, and her son, Kane, I say thank you. From the bottom of my heart, I thank them for sharing Fredi with us— we are all better people and our nation is stronger because of her contributions. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TEMPLE MOSES AND RABBI D. GALIMIDI-HADAR 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the historic Temple Moses in Miami Beach and its Executive Director, Rabbi D. Galimidi-Hadar. Temple Moses is a staple and beacon of our beloved South Florida. It serves as a hub for Turkish-Spanish or Sephardic Jews across the world, a community of which I am proud to be a part through my grandparents who emigrated to Cuba from Turkey. Originating in Spain over 500 years ago, Sephardic Jews continue to celebrate that heritage through food, song, and prayer. From Spain to Turkey, beginning a hundred years ago, until the present time, the Sephardic Jewish community has become a leader in scholarship, events, and celebration of the Judeo-Spanish life. They are a shining example of diversity and modernity as well as culture and faith. At Temple Moses Rabbi D. Galimidi-Hadar leads the largest Judeo-Spanish community in the world. He founded the ‘Next Sephardic Generation’, a grassroots organization aimed at revitalizing and rebuilding the Judeo-Span-ish community, and was named one of Amer-ica’s ‘Most Inspiring Rabbis’ by Forward mag-azine. He’s also been recognized in the Sun Sentinel newspaper and honored for his work by both the Miami Beach Commission and Mayor as well as by the Florida Senate. Rabbi D. Galimidi-Hadar was the only member of the clergy to address the Florida Senate after the Parkland shooting and has been an advocate for those in need throughout Florida. He has written the commentary for the Sephardic Siddur series and is currently working on a book about the Sephardic experience in Amer-ica. Mr. Speaker, Temple Moses and Rabbi D. Galimidi-Hadar have been a shining light in South Florida and I am grateful to have them representing us worldwide. f 
GODSPEED AND FAREWELL 
HON. MARK SANFORD 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Speaker, it had been my intention to do a farewell address on the House floor on Thursday. In fact, I had re-served half an hour of floor time and had in-tended to not only offer a farewell but to talk one last time about the dangers headed to our economy and country, based on the build-up of our national debt and the economic bubble this has brought about. As it turned out, the day got turned upside down, and so as a con-sequence, I include in the R
ECORD the fol- lowing. 
I would have simply risen to say thank you; as it stands, I write to say thank you. As a boy, our family would watch the movie ‘‘It’s a Wonderful Life’’ each Christ-mas. It was one of our traditions, and it’s a telling tale of life’s real blessings and the importance of remembering them. It’s in that spirit that I recognize how blessed I have been to have been an active participant in federal and state political debates over the last quarter of a century. It was Teddy Roosevelt who spoke much of the man in the arena, but what’s often times forgotten about those who apply his speech to politics is the people who put folks in the arena. And that’s where my thanks begin. I ran for Congress for the first time back in 1994 not really having much of a clue on the political process but certainly being con-cerned, revolted by, and impassioned on the dangers of our federal debt—and what it could do to our economy and our republic. I held flip charts in front of Rotary Club gath-erings and walked through rather mind- numbing sets of numbers in explaining the dangers of our debt. I talked about the fall of the Byzantine Empire. I talked about the debt-load in Spain in the sixteen hundreds. I talked about a lot of rather narrow details, and I look back now at those talks and cringe. Those who sat in the back row must have thought to themselves, ‘‘I have no idea what he is talking about, but he sure is pas-sionate about it—and based on that I’ll give him the benefit of my vote.’’ This was the beginning of 25 years of kind-ness, generosity, understanding, and more that me, Jenny, and the boys were the re-cipients of over the years. I don’t know how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 16:39 Mar 07, 2019 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD18\DECEMBER\E21DE8.REC E21DE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1732 December 21, 2018 
to best express my deep appreciation to the people of the 1st District, and to the people of the State of South Carolina, for the trust they placed in me and the grace they offered me and the family. It’s well-known that on same days I exceeded their expectations on duties performed. It is equally well-known that on other days I fell short. But having seen both the highs and the lows of politics, and in falling at both ends of the ‘‘expecta-tion-fulfillment-spectrum,’’ I can say with certainty that I have been blessed to serve a most grace-filled lot. For that, I am indeed Jimmy Stewart’s character in ‘‘It’s a Won-derful Life’’—a person only now beginning to recognize the ways in which I have been blessed over the years, and for this, I am most thankful. In short, public trust represents an awe-some and sacred responsibility. It’s one that I took most seriously, and regardless of the days when I got it right or wrong, I have ear-nestly tried to do my best. That meant rep-resenting the views, hopes, and dreams of folks at home as I carried their views to both Columbia and Washington. It also meant keeping my word on the things I promised in running, and it is for this reason I think my voting record stands out as it does. On both counts, I will remain forever grateful for the honor of the chance to be in the arena. Politics is made special not only by the ideas that mark its debates but by the people who give their different vantage points on those ideas and debates. Over these years, I have learned a lot from the many that I talked to . . . whether across the state or on the coast of South Carolina. I don’t even know where to begin in thanking people along the journey. Linda Riney over in Berkeley County has always made me laugh with her dry humor. People like Bill and Barbara Bates, Ray Nash, Joan Peters, or Peggy Bangle have been remarkable for the ways in which they have helped me remem-ber that iron sharpens iron. There were an-other thousand like them who would gently but clearly express their conviction. Their voices helped me to better understand my own thinking on a subject, and I will miss their wisdom. Other friends like Jerry Scheer, Mark Cumins, or Chad Walldorf were never particularly loud about their political views, but they were unbelievably consistent in their friendship. There were also another thousand just like them, and they were vital to my surviving the scrapes and bruises that go with political life. They are friends for life and I look forward to seeing more of them now that I will be able to spend more time at home. Sustaining this thought of the ways in which no one does anything of significance alone, I also want to single out my family. Political life was never a spectator sport for any of them. I begin first with my former wife, Jenny. The wear and tear of political life certainly took its toll on our marriage, but in fairness, I never could have begun my time in politics without her. Along with being a spectacular mom to our boys and juggling a whole host of other balls that we kept up in the air given our busy life to-gether, she was a great campaign manager. When I first ran for Congress, we ran a phone line into the kitchen to begin the campaign because she was trapped there most of the time with two babies. She put in long hours and made a vital difference in my ability to pursue political life. And what worked in one campaign applied to the next campaign. And the next one after that. And three more after that. And three more after that. When we moved from con-gressional campaigns to state-wide guber-natorial campaigns, all the experts said that there was no way you can have your wife managing campaigns of that scale. But we figured ‘‘if it’s not broke, don’t fix it’’ and moved ahead with our most unconventional campaign format. Again, there was wear and tear on the personal front with those many campaign battles, but she did her part and did it ably and I want to circle back to pub-licly thank her again for all of her time and energy devoted to my time in politics. The same applies to our sons. They grew up in a very strange way. When I was first elect-ed governor, I remember Jenny and I telling the boys of the details of dad’s new work re-quirements and the move to Columbia. Mar-shall, our oldest, was curious and couldn’t figure out how early he and his brothers would have to get up every morning to be able to make it to school on time in Colum-bia from Charleston. They grew up so rooted in the Lowcountry that they couldn’t imag-ine moving away. Yet they did that and a whole lot more at a very pivotal point in their lives. They grew up thinking it was normal to get in the back of a Suburban every weekend and to go off to a different parade, festival, or social event across the state. They would come back each week to live in what Jenny light-heartedly called ‘‘a gated community of one.’’ There were certainly privileges that came with living in the governor’s mansion, but there was also isolation, given you didn’t have neighbourhood kids down the street just dropping by. There were armed guards out front at the end of the driveway. They had to deal with being viewed as the ‘‘gov-ernor’s sons’’ as opposed to simply the great young men that they were as Marshall, Landon, Bolton, and Blake. They grew up standing in receiving lines with mom and dad before thousands; they grew up greeting each new crop of guests to the governor’s mansion before they could go up and do their homework. The list is endless, but the point here is simple. No one gets anywhere alone in their lives. It takes collective effort, and it was as a consequence of not only friends and polit-ical allies that got me to where I am in life— but the work of my former wife and my sons on the journey. Let me quickly mention three last thank you’s that are important to me as I close this chapter of life. One, over the years I have been blessed with an incredible array of talent that came through staff and team positions in the gov-ernorship. Let me begin with Marie Dupree. We have worked together for about 30 years. She has been a remarkable help and steady hand over my different offices and profes-sional pursuits. It is funny how time flies by with some people, as over the years, I’ve watched her and Scott raise children and now come to be called grandparents. But as she did all that goes with life, she also was an incredibly steady hand in helping me or-ganize my life, and for that, I am most grate-ful. The same would apply to people like April Derr who has worked with me for about 25 years. She, like Marie, was never political in focus but just cared about politics as a means toward helping other people. They have both done it very well and need to be singled out in this regard. There is an equally long list of folks who have been with me for chapters of my life in politics, but people with whom I could not have done what I did without their help, care, and focus. Scott English and I argued over policy and ideas for about 20 years. That’s a frightening prospect, but we both love policy and would delve into the details of all sorts of ideas. Tom Davis is now a state senator, but we went to college to-gether and he really got his start in politics in a place called Jurassic Park. In my first run for governor, we had a slew of people staying at the house. There was a fraternity- like element to the strangeness of random people coming up into the kitchen in the morning who may have arrived the day be-fore or a month before as they took up resi-dence to help with the campaign. The anchor of that effort was Tom Davis, who slept downstairs in the boys’ bedroom that had been converted to a dormitory of sorts. It was filled with bunk beds ladened with the boys’ old dinosaur-covered sheets, pillow-cases, and comforters . . . and accordingly named ‘‘Jurassic Park.’’ Martha Morris was another one of those early volunteers that you never forget. When I began my improbable race to return to the House in 2013, it began with me, Martha, and Jon Kohan. It certainly grew from there, but you never forget the people who were there with you when you are down and who are there to enthusiastically kick off a new en-terprise in life, however improbable its out-come. Jon certainly fits this bill as well, and I miss longtime friends like Martha and Jon today. I better stop with the naming of names be-cause it is a list of hundreds over the years, and my mind is right now jumping back to the great work of people like Catherine Kellahan and Mary Neil Stroud or Jessica Gonzales and Brent Gibadlo. It is crazy how many competent professionals I was blessed to work with over my years in politics. Speaking of which, I have to mention just two more: Bob Faith and Joe Taylor. The people of South Carolina are the bene-ficiaries of their remarkable work as succes-sive Secretaries of Commerce. I would argue that they were the two best Secretaries of Commerce in South Carolina history, given the businesses that they helped grow and the others that they brought to our state. This was in the headwind of the largest economic downturn since the Great Depression, and when you look at the numbers behind their efforts, they really do stand out as extraor-dinary. I know for instance that Boeing, and the thousands of jobs that have come with it, would not be in South Carolina were it not for their collective efforts. It’s also a reminder of how from tiny acorns, mighty oaks grow. It feels like yes-terday that Bob walked in to my office with an article he had found in Fortune magazine about the new use of composites in commer-cial aircraft. It was hardly yesterday and there is much water under the bridge over the years that have followed, but I am most appreciative of all their work. This is dangerous because each new idea that jumps into my head connects to yet an-other one. On this subject of cabinet mem-bers, I had a great conversation just a few weeks ago with Jim Schweitzer. He had been my Director of Public Safety when I was governor until I had to fire him as a con-sequence of bad actions by a highway patrol officer. It had been most unpleasant, as there is no way to put a red ribbon on these kinds of actions—but I had felt I really didn’t have a choice, given my belief in the military model of holding people at the top of the conmmand structure responsible for actions taken within the unit. The long story short here is that I am thankful to people like Jim as well. He, and others like him, served ably for their chapter of service—and it was so nice to catch up and talk about the days gone by—and even tough moments in them. The point in all of this is that time is a great healer and brings with it a level of hu-mility in one’s actions and attempts at serv-ice. We all do as best we can. Some days are glorious, others not . . . but it is the melding of all of them that temper us and give us wisdom as the years roll by. I am most thankful for the different people that God has placed in my life and for the wisdom and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.032 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1733 December 21, 2018 
perspective that I have gained in our inter-actions. Two, I am thankful to my God above. Over the years, I have grown to hold tightly to what’s talked about in Romans 8:28. It says that God works not some, but all things, to-ward a bigger plan. That’s a notion that we will all question at different points in our lives, but I am thankful for a God that knows how many hairs there are on my head and whether or not a sparrow falls to the ground. I respect friends who are reticent about the notion of God and faith but couldn’t live my life without that belief that things are moving toward a divine end re-gardless of the daily ups and downs. Accord-ingly, I should thank not only the people who have been brought in to my life over politics but as well the people who helped raise and define me as a boy. Mom was ever- giving, creative, loved people, and always there; Dad never gave up. His big life lesson was on pushing through the inevitable obsta-cles that would come in life, and I am most thankful for all they did that helped wire me for the politics I have seen over the last 25 years. Three, and finally, I ask you to remember the power of ideas—and how they can change the world. We are living in a weird time on this front right now. It’s important that we go back to our roots as a reason-based repub-lic. We seem to flirt with populism about every hundred years in this country, and it seems we are in our latest courtship given the era of Trump. But a cult of personality is never what our Founding Fathers in-tended. We in fact were to be a nation of laws and not men. Over my 25 years, I have come to revere what the Founding Fathers created here—along with the traditions and institutions that they established in support of this simple but sacred idea of being about laws and ideas rather than a nation subject to the whims of men. It’s part of the reason I have come to be-lieve so passionately in limited government. I have seen first hand government’s many in-efficiencies, and any look at history screams the dangers of walking away from the Founding Fathers’ inherent distrust in sys-tems built on men rather than ideas and the institutions built to protect those ideas. So, along with the many things that I have enumerated above, my simple parting wis-dom is that we remember what Benjamin Franklin said as he left the Constitutional Convention—that we had been given a repub-lic, if we could keep it. This will require vigilance on all of our parts. It will mean not spending what we don’t have. Math always works. Professors Reinhart and Rogoff spoke eloquently to this theme in their book ‘‘This Time Is Dif-ferent.’’ Over the 800 years of financial his-tory that they studied, it never was dif-ferent. In every instance, the civilization in question found itself confronting the same math that our country now faces, and the politicians inevitably answered ‘‘this time is different’’ when talking about the math be-hind their debt burden. The political answer brought with it the seeds of destruction, and if we simply accept the political answer of more spending—that this administration and past administrations have proffered, we will face the same fate of those now extinct civ-ilizations. I believe that we are marching our way to-ward the most predictable financial and eco-nomic crisis in the history of our republic. If we don’t change course soon, markets will do it for us, and the consequences will be damn-ing with regard to future inflation, the value of the dollar, the worth of our savings, and ultimately our way of life. More than any-thing, these last 25 years have been about trying in some small way to affect the tra-jectory of government spending. It has at times been a most lonely battle, but I am thankful that people like Justin Amash will still be here in Congress to carry the flag for-ward in this eternal battle between govern-ment’s growth and liberty, between freedom and security, and between the soothing promises of populism and real math. Hayek warned us of the moment we are now living in America. In his book ‘‘The Road to Serfdom,’’ he talks about how open political systems become more and more dif-ficult and cumbersome with the passage of time. This we all know. It’s again part of what makes me believe so strongly in con-servative philosophy and the importance of limiting government. Part of making gov-ernment more efficient simply means reduc-ing its size. Open political systems are never designed for efficiency, they are designed to give each one of us a voice—and that process of democracy is hard. It means we all have to roll up our sleeves and give just a little to find the compromises necessary to move things forward. What’s valuable about Hayek’s writing is the other half of the story. Because as open political systems become cumbersome and inefficient, inevitably a strong man comes along and offers easy promises. He says that he can take care of it for us. People des-perate for a change accept his offer. They have to give up a few freedoms in the equa-tion to get more security. It doesn’t work out so well, as Hayek’s book in this instance is about the rise of Hitler in post-WWI Ger-man history. I want to be clear and explicit that I am not likening Trump to Hitler, but the forces at play could lead to a future Hitler-like character if we don’t watch out. It must be remembered that another thing that Ben-jamin Franklin said was that he who trades his freedom for security, deserves neither. Indeed, how true. So my parting wisdom again is this: As a country, we have to get back to math that works. We are riding on the Titanic as it now stands. This will end tragically for all of us, if we don’t turn our spending habits around. Paul Kennedy wrote an interesting book a few years ago titled ‘‘The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers,’’ and again the dy-namics that he talked about were once again simply tied to math. We can’t throw the baby out with the bathwater with regard to institutions and traditions that have served our country well for more than 200 years. If we have no faith in our institutions and the people that popu-late them, our system breaks down. We must embrace the truth, and it will set us free. Open political systems cannot sur-vive in a post-truth world. While none of us are perfect, and there will always be grey around some areas of truth, we cannot ac-cept chronic streams of distruth. If every-thing is subjective, there is nothing to de-bate. If, on the other hand, there is objective truth, and I can approach it from the right while you approach it from a perspective more to the left, then we can join in debate. Without truth out in the middle, there is no starting point and the reasoned debate that an open political system relies on for its sur-vival is strangled and dissipates. A corollary to this is that we can’t accept the idea of ‘‘fake news.’’ I have certainly had more than my share of bad stories of my time in politics. Some of them were indeed not designed to bring forward the truth but were rather attempts discovering the most sensational nugget or line regardless of its context. And context is key to under-standing any new bit of information before us. But this does not make all news fake. In the former Soviet Union, they have truly fake news, and attempts to equate what’s happening here with what happened there is most dangerous. There is a reason that the Founding Fathers enshrined the idea of a free and open press in the First Amendment. We should watch this carefully as the popu-list waves of today now come ashore. Lest I turn what would have been my talk here into a book, I will mercifully call it quits to my thoughts for the day. In doing so, I want to again express my thanks to all who have helped me on this journey and to once again encourage your embrace of free markets, limited government, and the insti-tutional forces so vital to perpetuating this remarkably fragile gift of individual liberty. As you consider my charge, I would ask that you have the courage to walk humbly in ad-vancing the ideas that we might share. In-deed, Micah 6:8 said it best in suggesting that we are to do justice, love mercy, and walk humbly. Godspeed in the journey. f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID ADKINS 
HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, as I leave Con-gress at the end of this year, I am reminded that each of us have been fortunate to have careers in public service because of mentors who have helped us along the way. One such mentor for me was my friend David Adkins. Long before I stood for public office I was an aide to State Senator David Adkins. David served as a talented and distin-guished leader who helped guide our state on many issues. He helped me understand the importance of sound public policy, compassion and empathy for others and the need for levity on occasion to make governance work. Although he was leaving public service as I was starting, David has remained a good friend who has helped provide mentorship and advice along the way. We don’t always agree on the issues, but we always agree that our government needs leaders who are willing to step up and solve problems to keep our nation strong. More than anything David is a proud Kansas Jayhawk, who, like myself, served as Student Body President at the University of Kansas. Now David serves as the executive director of the Council of State Governments in Lex-ington, Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to thank David for his mentorship to me, his service to the people of Kansas, and to his lifelong dedication to cre-ating good public policy to benefit our great nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 21, 2018 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, on the legislative day of Wednesday, December 19, 2018, I was unable to cast a vote on a number of Roll Call Votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call No. 436—‘‘YEA’’, Roll Call No. 437—‘‘YEA’’, Roll Call No. 438—‘‘YEA’’, Roll Call No. 439—‘‘YEA’’, Roll Call No. 440— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.033 E21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1734 December 21, 2018 
‘‘YEA’’, Roll Call No. 441—‘‘YEA’’, Roll Call No. 442—‘‘YEA’’, Roll Call No. 443—‘‘YEA’’, Roll Call No. 444—‘‘YEA’’, and Roll Call No. 445—‘‘YEA’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21DE8.036 E21DEPT1
D1313 Friday, December 21, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8005–S8019 Measures Introduced: Two bills were introduced, as follows: S. 3804–3805.
                                     Page S8017 
Measures Reported: Report to accompany S. 2419, to amend the Small Business Act to improve the technical and business assistance services under the SBIR and STTR pro-grams. (S. Rept. No. 115–454)
                          Page S8011 
Measures Passed: Federal Employee Fair Treatment Act: Senate passed S. 2274, to provide for the compensation of Federal employees affected by lapses in appropria-tions.
                                                                                Page S8011 
Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 148, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628.
                                                                                Page S8011 
House Messages: Further Additional Continuing Appropriations Act—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the House Message to accompany H.R. 695, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to estab-lish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for cer-tain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, after agreeing to the motion to pro-ceed, and taking action on the following motion pro-posed thereto:
                                                      Pages S8007–11 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S8007 Prior to the consideration of this measure, Senate took the following action: By 48 yeas to 47 nays, Vice President voting yea (Vote No. 274), Senate agreed to the motion to pro-ceed to consideration of the House Message to ac-company the bill.
                                                       Page S8006 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the House Mes-sage to accompany the bill at approximately 12 noon on Saturday, December 22, 2018.
                    Page S8019 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that the Majority Leader and Senator Daines be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills on Friday, December 21, 2018.
                                                                                Page S8019 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S8016–17 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S8016 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8017–18 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8015–16 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—274)
                                                        Pages S8006–07 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:07 p.m., until 12 noon on Saturday, December 22, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8019.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21DE8.REC D21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1314 December 21, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public bills, H.R. 7388–7396; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 146; H. Con. Res. 148–149; and H. Res. 186–187. were introduced.
                                              Pages H10586–87 
Additional Cosponsors:                                     Page H10587 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5054, to provide an exemption for emerging growth companies and other smaller companies from the requirements to use Extensible Business Report-ing Language (XBRL) for financial statements and other periodic reporting, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1094); H.R. 5534, to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to provide procedures for guidance issued by the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1095); H.R. 6158, to amend the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act to exclude affiliates and subsidiaries of in-sured depository institutions in the definition of de-posit broker, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1096); H.R. 6743, to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide a national standard for financial insti-tution data security and breach notification on behalf of all consumers, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1097); H.R. 4460, to improve the provision of disaster and mitigation assistance to eligible individuals and households and to eligible State, local, Tribal, and territorial governments and certain private nonprofit organizations, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1098, Part 1); Summary of the Activities of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for the 115th Con-gress (H. Rept. 115–1099); Report on the Activities of the Committee on Armed Services for the One Hundred Fifteenth Con-gress (H. Rept. 115–1100); H.R. 6468, to direct that certain assessments with respect to toxicity of chemicals be carried out by the program offices of the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1101, Part 1); H.R. 5503, to authorize the programs of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration for fis-cal years 2018 and 2019, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1102); H. Res. 1185, providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2322) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese (H. Rept. 115–1103); H.R. 5025, to amend the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act to limit the imposition of penalties against a person fishing on a United States flag fishing vessel in cer-tain areas of the Pacific Ocean based on a report by an observer on such a vessel (H. Rept. 115–1104); and H.R. 6355, to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to define petition backlogs and provide ex-pedited means for discharging petitions during such a backlog, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1105).
                                                         Pages H10585–86 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
            Pages H10513, H10581 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Designating room H–226 of the United States Capitol as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’: H. Res. 1063, des-ignating room H–226 of the United States Capitol as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 366 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 474; 
                                                                        Pages H10514, H10532 
Amending the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure that the Public Buildings Reform Board has adequate time to carry out the responsibilities of the Board: H.R. 7318, to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to ensure that the Public Buildings Reform Board has adequate time to carry out the responsibilities of the Board, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 372 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 475;
                  Pages H10514–15. H10532–33 
Amending the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide flexibility with respect to the leaseback of certain Federal real property: H.R. 7319, to amend the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 to provide flexibility with respect to the leaseback of certain Federal real property, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 372 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 476;
                                                         Pages H10515, H10533–34 
Making technical corrections to provisions of law enacted by the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Au-thorization Act of 2018: H.R. 7329, to make tech-nical corrections to provisions of law enacted by the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 378 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 477;
                        Pages H10515–16, H10534 
Department of Transportation Reports Harmo-nization Act: S. 3367, to amend certain transpor-tation-related reporting requirements to improve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21DE8.REC D21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1315 December 21, 2018 
congressional oversight, reduce reporting burdens, and promote transparency, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 381 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 478; 
                                                            Pages H10516–17, H10534–35 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, as the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’: H.R. 7293, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 770 Ayrault Road in Fairport, New York, as the ‘‘Louise and Bob Slaughter Post Office’’, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 375 yeas to 6 nays with two answer-ing ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 479; 
                                                            Pages H10517–18, H10535–36 
Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking Act: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 4174, to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to re-quire Federal evaluation activities, improve Federal data management, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 356 yeas to 17 nays, Roll No. 484; 
                                                                  Pages H10518–27, H10571 
Good Accounting Obligation in Government Act: S. 2276, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 382 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 480;
                                                               Pages H10526, H10536 
Federal Personal Property Management Act of 2018: S. 3031, to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal personal property, by a 2/4 yea-and-nay vote of 383 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 481; 
                                                            Pages H10526–27, H10536–37 
Civil Rights Cold Case Records Collection Act of 2018: S. 3191, to provide for the expeditious disclo-sure of records related to civil rights cold cases, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 376 yeas to 6 nays, Roll No. 482;
                                         Pages H10527–31, H10537–38 
5th Anniversary of World War II Commemora-tion Act: S. 3661, amended, to provide for a pro-gram of the Department of Defense to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 370 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 486;
                              Pages H10538–39, H10572–73 
Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Preven-tion and Protection Reauthorization Act: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2200, to reauthorize the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 368 yeas to 7 nays, Roll No. 487;
                                         Pages H10539–44, H10573–74 
Tropical Forest Conservation Reauthorization Act: S. 1023, to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Con-servation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 332 yeas to 43 nays, Roll No. 488;
                                               Pages H10544–46, H10574 
Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act: S. 1158, to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and re-spond to such crises, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 367 yeas to 4 nays, Roll No. 489; 
                                                            Pages H10546–47, H10574–75 
Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulner-able Settings Act: S. 1580, to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children and per-sons, including women and girls, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 362 yeas to 5 nays, Roll No. 490; 
                                                            Pages H10547–50, H10575–76 
Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act: S. 1862, to amend the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 to modify the criteria for deter-mining whether countries are meeting the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 370 yeas with none vot-ing ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 491;
            Pages H10548–50, H10576 
Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Em-powerment Act of 2018: S. 3247, to improve pro-grams and activities relating to women’s entrepre-neurship and economic empowerment that are car-ried out by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 352 yeas to 18 nays, Roll No. 492; 
                                                            Pages H10550–53, H10576–77 
Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act: S. 512, to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 361 yeas to 10 nays, Roll No. 493;
                  Pages H10553–58, H10577–78 
9/11 Memorial Act: Concur in the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 6287, to provide competitive grants for the operation, security, and maintenance of cer-tain memorials to victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 371 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 495; 
                                                            Pages H10569–70, H10578–79 
Redesignating Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge as the Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound Na-tional Wildlife Refuge: S. 3456, to redesignate Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge as the Na-thaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Ref-uge, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 365 yeas to 5 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 496; 
                                                                  Pages H10560, H10579–80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21DE8.REC D21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1316 December 21, 2018 
Directing the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives to make certain corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 4174: H. Con. Res. 149, directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make certain cor-rections in the enrollment of H.R. 4174, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 362 yeas to 12 nays, Roll No. 483;
                                                         Pages H10570, H10570–71 
Reauthorizing the National Flood Insurance Program: S. 3628, to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 315 yeas to 48 nays, Roll No. 500; and 
                                                            Pages H10581–82, H10583–84 
Directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628: H. Con. Res. 148, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 3628, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 344 yeas to 25 nays, Roll No. 499.
                                        Pages H10582–83 
Order of Business: Agreed by unanimous consent that, during further proceedings today in the House, the Chair be authorized to reduce to two minutes the minimum time for electronic voting on any question that otherwise could be subjected to five minute voting under clause 8 or 9 of rule XX. 
                                                                                          Page H10527 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:33 a.m. and recon-vened at 9:45 a.m.
                                                  Page H10531 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:03 p.m. and re-convened at 3:36 p.m.
                                          Page H10569 
Suspension: The House failed to agree to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Space Frontier Act of 2018: S. 3277, to reduce regulatory burdens and streamline processes related to commercial space activities, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 239 yeas to 137 nays, Roll No. 485; 
                                                                  Pages H10560–67, H10572 
Alaska Remote Generator Reliability and Pro-tection Act: S. 1934, to prevent catastrophic failure or shutdown of remote diesel power engines due to emission control devices, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 202 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 494; and 
                                                                  Pages H10558–60, H10578 
Extending the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram: H.R. 7388, to extend the National Flood In-surance Program, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 148 yeas to 226 nays, Roll No. 497. 
                                                                  Pages H10567–69, H10580 
Motion to Fix Next Convening Time: Agreed to the Collins (GA) motion that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon tomor-row, December 22nd, by a recorded vote of 187 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 498.
                        Pages H10580–81 Recess: The House recessed at 6:24 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:56 p.m.
                                                 Page H10584 
Senate Referral: S. 2432 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H10569. Quorum Calls—Votes: Twenty-six yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H10532, H10532–33, H10533–34, H10534, H10535, H10535–36, H10536, H10537, H10537–38, H10570, H10571, H10572, H10572–73, H10573, H10574, H10574–75, H10575–76, H10576, H10576–77, H10577–78, H10578, H10578–79, H10579–80, H10580, H10580–81, H10583 and H10583–84. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:57 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
A LEGISLATIVE PROPOSAL TO PROVIDE FOR A SUSTAINABLE HOUSING FINANCE SYSTEM: THE BIPARTISAN HOUSING FINANCE REFORM ACT OF 2018 Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Legislative Proposal to Provide for a Sustainable Housing Finance System: The Bi-partisan Housing Finance Reform Act of 2018’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. CODIFYING USEFUL REGULATORY DEFINITIONS ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. 2322, the ‘‘Codifying Useful Regulatory Defini-tions Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 6–2, a closed rule providing for the consideration of S. 2322. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to commit. Testimony was heard from Representatives Long, Pallone, and Gallagher. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21DE8.REC D21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1317 December 21, 2018 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1310) 
H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023. Signed on December 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–334) H.R. 1918, to oppose loans at international finan-cial institutions for the Government of Nicaragua unless the Government of Nicaragua is taking effec-tive steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections. Signed on December 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–335) H.R. 5759, to improve executive agency digital services. Signed on December 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–336) S. 1050, to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. Signed on December 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–337) S. 2101, to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States. Signed on December 20, 2018. (Public Law 115–338) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21DE8.REC D21DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1318 December 21, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Saturday, December 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Saturday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the House Message to accompany H.R. 695, Fur-ther Additional Continuing Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Saturday, December 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Saturday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1728, E1730 Comer, James, Ky., E1726 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1726, E1730 Demings, Val Butler, Fla., E1725 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1729 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E1725, E1730 Evans, Dwigt, Pa., E1726 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E1723 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1726 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1729 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1730 Lewis, Jason, Minn., E1724 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1728 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1727 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E1733 Peterson, Collin C., Minn., E1731 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1725, E1727 Reichert, David G., Wash., E1731 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1724 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E1728, E1731 Rosen, Jacky, Nev., E1730 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E1728 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E1727 Sanford, Mark, S.C., E1731 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1724, E1725 Suozzi, Thomas R., N.Y., E1724 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1729 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1726, E1729 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E1728 Yarmuth, John A., Ky., E1725 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E1733 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Dec 22, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21DE8.REC D21DEPT1