Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6507 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 2018 No. 165 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, October 5, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , OCTOBER 4, 2018 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
AN S
ULLIVAN , a Senator from the State of Alaska. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, giver of every good and perfect gift, we magnify Your Holy Name. Your righteousness endures for-ever. Today, empower our lawmakers to do Your will. Give them insight that will make justice roll down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream. May they remember that unless You build the house, they labor in vain who attempt to erect it. Provide our Sen-ators with the wisdom to ask You for Your guidance and to follow Your counsel. Lord, incline them to so labor that Your will will be done on Earth even as it is done in Heaven. Subdue freedom’s enemies, and provide a shield for liberty. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. HATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, October 4, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANSULLIVAN , a Sen- ator from the State of Alaska, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. SULLIVAN thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an As-sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senate is considering the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States. When the noise fades, when the uncorroborated mud washes away, what is left is the distinguished nomi-nee who stands before us—an acclaimed judge whom peers and colleagues praise in the very strongest terms, a jurist whom the American Bar Association awarded its very highest rating unani-mously—‘‘well qualified.’’ Here is what the ABA says it takes to earn that distinction: 
To merit a rating of ‘‘Well Qualified,’’ the nominee must be at the top of the legal pro-fession in his or her legal community; have outstanding legal ability, breadth of experi-ence and the highest reputation for integ-rity; and demonstrate the capacity for sound judicial temperament. 
This is the nonpartisan test that my friend the Democratic leader, among others, used to call the gold standard. Judge Kavanaugh passed that with fly-ing colors. To be clear, this seal of approval comes from the ABA’s Standing Com-mittee on the Federal Judiciary—an independent entity within the organi-zation. Even after the ABA’s President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.000 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6508 October 4, 2018 
tried to play politics with the nomina-tion last week, the Standing Com-mittee reaffirmed its rating yet again. Unanimously well qualified—that is Brett Kavanaugh. So how did we end up where we are today? How did we get here? How did we get from a chorus of expert praise and professional respect to wild tales of violent gangs, sexual assault rings, fist fights on boats in Rhode Island har-bors, and the possibility—get this—of an argument at a college bar? Several weeks ago, a confidential al-legation of misconduct from nearly 40 years ago was leaked to the press. Since then, other allegations have poured forth. Many were just patently ridiculous—a feeding frenzy of ridicu-lous accusations. While some cheered on the feeding frenzy for political pur-poses, Judiciary Chairman C
HUCK  G
RASSLEY and his staff rolled up their sleeves and went to work. They promptly investigated the varied alle-gations that materialized at the last minute. Chairman G
RASSLEY reopened the public hearing so that Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh could speak directly to those claims under oath. By the way, that was after he offered Dr. Ford the option to tell her story at any place of her choosing—either here or in California, either in public or in pri-vate, either with staff or with Mem-bers. It was an offer that, according to Dr. Ford’s testimony, was seemingly never actually communicated to her by her lawyers despite a professional re-quirement to do so. Now, of course, the FBI has com-pleted a supplemental background in-vestigation and delivered its results to us here in the Senate. This is now the seventh time the FBI has thoroughly reviewed Judge Kavanaugh’s back-ground—seven FBI investigations. So what have we learned? What do the facts and the evidence tell us after seven FBI investigations? The fact is, these allegations have not been cor-roborated. None of the allegations have been corroborated by the seven FBI in-vestigations—not in the new FBI inves-tigation, not anywhere. None of these last-minute allegations have been cor-roborated, as is confirmed by the sev-enth and latest FBI investigation. As Chairman G
RASSLEY stated this morning, ‘‘Neither the Judiciary Com-mittee nor the FBI can locate any third parties who can attest to any of these allegations.’’ There is no backup from any witnesses, including those specifically named as eyewitnesses by the people who brought the allegations in the first place. Let me say that again. There is no backup from any witnesses, including those specifically named as eyewitnesses by the people who brought these allegations. In addi-tion, one person has completely re-canted their whole wild story. Another accuser went on television and backpedaled from many of their own ridiculous charges. The facts do not support the allega-tions levied at Judge Kavanaugh’s character. Instead, many of the facts actually support Judge Kavanaugh’s strong, unequivocal denial, which he repeatedly stated to committee inves-tigators under penalty of felony and which he firmly restated under oath last Thursday before the full com-mittee and the American people, which aligns with the testimony of hun-dreds—literally hundreds—of character witnesses who have known him over the years. For goodness’ sake, this is the United States of America. Nobody is supposed to be guilty until proven innocent in this country. Nobody is supposed to be guilty until proven innocent in the United States of America. The Senate should not set a fundamentally un- American precedent here. Judge Kavanaugh’s right to basic fairness does not disappear just be-cause some disagree with his judicial philosophy. Our society is not a place where uncorroborated allegations of misconduct from nearly 40 years ago— allegations which are vigorously dis-puted—can nullify someone’s career or destroy their reputation. Is that what the Senate is going to be known for— your nomination comes up here, and we destroy your reputation? Is that what the Senate is going to participate in? Above the partisan noise, beyond this shameful spectacle, which is an embar-rassment to the Senate, what will en-dure are the actual facts before us—the actual facts. Upon reviewing them, only one question is left for us to an-swer: Is Judge Brett Kavanaugh quali-fied to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court? There is a good reason the political opponents of this nomination have never wanted to litigate that issue. Oh, no. They don’t want to talk about that. There is a good reason they let the pol-itics of personal destruction run away ahead of the facts. It is in an effort to dodge that very good question because Brett Kavanaugh is stunningly and to-tally qualified for this job. We already know this, but, for start-ers, his academic and legal credentials are second to none. He graduated from Yale with honors and went on to Yale Law School. Then came not one, not two, but three clerkships in our Na-tion’s Federal courts, ending up with Justice Kennedy. His career continued with work in the Office of Independent Counsel and the Office of White House Counsel. That was only the beginning. For the last 12 years, Brett Kavanaugh has served on what is widely considered the second highest court in our land, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. He has written more than 300 judicial opin-ions. Several have formed the basis of later rulings by the Supreme Court itself. The litany of accomplishments is a fact—a fact. It is a matter of public record. Just as telling are all the accounts of Judge Brett Kavanaugh, the person, that have been volunteered by those who have known him every step of the way over the years. We have heard from literally hundreds of character witnesses who have heaped praise on the Brett Kavanaugh they know—the loyal friend and teammate; the stand-out student; the talented, hard-work-ing colleague; the brilliant legal writ-er; the respected role model and men-tor, particularly to women; and the de-voted husband, father, and coach. These letters and recorded testimony were offered by men and women with nothing to gain for themselves; they were just glad to tell the truth about a nominee who they know possesses the character, temperament, and qualifica-tions for this important job. Judge Kavanaugh’s professor and others who knew him at Yale describe ‘‘a true intellectual,’’ ‘‘a leading think-er,’’ and ‘‘a wonderful mentor and teacher.’’ One goes so far as saying: ‘‘It is hard to name anyone with judicial credentials as strong as those of Judge Kavanaugh.’’ His former law clerks, in full- throated support, say that Judge Kavanaugh’s work ethic ‘‘flows from a fundamental humility.’’ They say that he gives ‘‘unflinchingly honest advice’’ and ‘‘listens carefully to the views of his colleagues and clerks, even—in-deed, especially—when they differ from his own.’’ His legal peers here in Washington of all political persuasions haven’t minced their words either. They deem him ‘‘unquestionably qualified by his extraordinary intellect, experience, and temperament’’ and warn the Sen-ate not to miss this opportunity to put ‘‘such a strong advocate for decency and civility on our Nation’s highest court.’’ Let’s not lose sight of the oppor-tunity before us. This process has been ruled by fear, anger, and underhanded gamesmanship for too long. It is time for us to stand up to this kind of thing. We owe it to the American people not to be intimidated by these tactics. We owe it to the American people to un-derscore that you are innocent until proven guilty. It is the Senate that is on trial here. What kind of image will we convey to the public? Can we be scared by all these people rampaging through the halls, accosting Members at airports, and coming to their homes, trying to intimidate the Senate into defeating a good man? Are we going to allow this to happen in this country? We will not pretend that partisan histrionics take away the basic fair-ness that every American deserves. We will not be hoodwinked by those who have tried hard to smear this good man and to drag him through the mud. And when that didn’t work, they turned on the dime and started claiming his real sin was that he spoke up too forcefully in defense of his good name and his family, or they decided he didn’t have a judicial temperament because he ag-gressively defended his good name 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Oct 04, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.001 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6509 October 4, 2018 
against this outrageous smear con-ducted in conjunction with Senate Democrats. Who among us would not have been outraged by having a lifetime record drug through the mud with accusations that cannot be proven and a blatant at-tempt to decide—on the part of at least some Senate Democrats—that the pre-sumption of innocence no longer ap-plies in this country? What kind of per-son wouldn’t have been upset about that? They claim he spoke too forcefully in defense of himself after being accused of such outrageous behavior that can-not be proven. I admire him for stand-ing up for himself and standing up for his family. I would be shocked if it were not done in an aggressive fashion, for goodness’ sake. Let’s reclaim this moment for what it should be—a chance to elevate a stunningly talented and impressive ju-rist to an important office for which he is so well qualified, so completely and totally qualified. It is a golden oppor-tunity to give our great Nation pre-cisely the kind of brilliant, fairminded, and collegial Supreme Court Justice that the Court deserves. This is the good that Senators will have an oppor-tunity to do. We have a chance to do good here and to underscore the basic tenet of fairness in our country. I filed cloture on the nomination yes-terday evening, and I will be proud to vote to advance this nomination to-morrow. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, it is another morning in the Senate and an-other partisan diatribe coming from my good friend—and he is my good friend—the majority leader. Instead of looking at what happened—that a young woman came forward because she felt compelled to, knowing she would risk so much to herself, which, unfortunately, has happened—he seeks to blame somebody else; in this case, the Democrats. Let’s remember that Dr. Ford came forward before Judge Kavanaugh was even nominated. Dr. Ford came for-ward and called up two people before anyone even knew of her allegations, including, one, a hotline from the Washington Post, according to her tes-timony. Our colleague—my colleague here—has engaged in a giant Kabuki game. He knows how believable Dr. Ford is. He knows the majority of the American people believe Dr. Ford was telling the truth rather than Judge Kavanaugh. He knows any focus on Dr. Ford would bring more feelings that Judge Kavanaugh is the wrong person for the Supreme Court, but he can’t at-tack Dr. Ford because of her credi-bility—greater than Judge Kavanaugh’s—so he attacks ‘‘Demo-crats,’’ increasing the partisan rancor and basically the fundamental lack of getting to the truth in this Chamber. I would like to ask the majority lead-er a few questions based on what he said a few minutes ago. He said this de-bate has been filled with partisan histrionics. Mr. Leader, are you accus-ing Dr. Ford of engaging in partisan histrionics when she came forward? He said the politics of personal de-struction is rampant. Again, Mr. Lead-er, are you accusing Dr. Ford of engag-ing in the politics of personal destruc-tion? He talked about people being intimi-dated. Again, Mr. Leader, are you ac-cusing Dr. Ford of intimidating the Senate because she had the courage to come forward? He talks over and over about the out-rageous smear. Mr. Leader, it is about time you came forward and came clean. When you say ‘‘outrageous smear,’’ you are really referring to what Dr. Ford said, but you can’t say so because ev-eryone knows that kind of rhetoric would be outrageous. It is her testimony that got this whole thing going; her testimony, re-quired by one courageous Republican who said he wouldn’t just rush things through, as Leader MCCONNELL at-tempted to do, and that is why there was a hearing, not any Democrats— none. I said yesterday, the leader is telling one of the greatest mistruths I have heard on the floor; that Democrats have delayed. Again, Mr. Leader, what power do we have to delay? Isn’t it true that you set the time and place of hearings—or your committee chairs do—and you set the time and place of when we vote, with no effect from the Democrats, no influence by Democrats. If you have delayed, Mr. Leader, it is because you have delayed. If there has been delay, Mr. Leader, it is because you have delayed. Ultimately, Dr. Ford came forward and won America’s heart, and our Re-publican colleagues were upset because that might derail their headlong rush to put Judge Kavanaugh on the Su-preme Court. Led by Judge Kavanaugh at his return testimony and by Presi-dent Trump and by Leader M
CCONNELL , they have tried to misdirect the whole issue away from Dr. Ford, who is the cause—the reason—we are debating all of this, and toward other boogeymen, many of whom happen to be Demo-crats, coincidentally. It is wrong. What our Republican friends are doing—what my dear friend, the leader, is doing—is demeaning to Dr. Ford, and demeaning is the last thing Dr. Ford and others who have gone through what she went through needs now or deserves now. So I would say to the leader, if you are talking about partisan histrionics, if you are talking about politics of per-sonal destruction, if you are talking about being intimidated, if you are talking about outrageous smears, you are really accusing Dr. Ford of all of those things, not anyone else, because she is the reason we are all here in this type of discussion, and no Democrat importuned her to come—no Democrat. Senator FEINSTEIN tried to respect her wishes and not make it public. That was not a political instinct, that was a human instinct. As I understand it, Senator F
EINSTEIN ’s staff called each week and said: Do you want to go public now? And Dr. Ford said no, and D
IANNE FEINSTEIN respected that. Now, because she did that, our Republican friends are accusing her of manipu-lating. Manipulating what? Dr. Ford’s desire to keep this private? We heard what Dr. Ford said. She wrestled with deciding whether to go public. She knew the damage it would create for her family, for her life—her very life. She decided she had an obli-gation to come forward. She decided she had to come forward. I believe her. A large number of Americans believe her, but even if you don’t believe her and you choose to believe Judge Kavanaugh, don’t demean Dr. Ford, which is exactly what you are doing. It is a shame. It is a low point in a headlong rush to get somebody whose views are out of touch with the Amer-ican people, who would, in all likeli-hood, greatly limit women’s healthcare and women’s right to choose, who would gravely constrain healthcare, who would allow this overreaching President to overreach with no con-straint. Dr. Ford seems to be a casualty along the way in terms of the name-calling, the nastiness, and the viciousness. Now, they don’t say it is Dr. Ford, but make no mistake about it, it is her they are talking about because it was only she who brought all of these things up—not Democrats. Democrats didn’t put words in her mouth. Her words came from the heart. Now, I will make three final points about the documents that were re-leased late last night. First, we Demo-crats had many fears this would be an all-too-limited process that would con-strain the FBI from getting the facts. Having received a thorough briefing a few minutes ago, our fears have been realized. Our fears have been realized. This is not a thorough investigation. According to Dr. Ford’s lawyers and Ms. Ramirez’s lawyers, there were many, many witnesses they wished to have interviewed, and they said they were not interviewed. They should be. Why not? What limits were placed on the FBI so that they couldn’t do a full and thorough investigation? The word is, it was the White House, importuned by some of the Republican Senate staffers here. Well, the White House has two choices: They can admit it or, if they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Oct 04, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.002 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6510 October 4, 2018 
deny it, they should at very minimum make the directive they sent to the FBI public. If the White House didn’t limit what the FBI normally does when they do one of these background checks, it sure seems they did, given the limited number of witnesses or the so many witnesses who weren’t called who should have been. Make it public. Let the American people see whether it was truly limited or not. What else should be made public are these documents that we are allowed to look at. First, again, the idea that this should be full and thorough and open and available is once again belied by the pettiness on the Republican side and the White House. There is only one document for 100 Members to see in the course of a day. That is very hard to do, and there were a lot of documents. There is only one copy of these docu-ments. Why weren’t there 10 copies in that room? What the heck is going on here? It is just a pattern—a pattern of limiting access to facts, limiting ac-cess to truth, and limiting access to what the American people ought to know. So I reiterate my call—particularly after receiving the briefing about what the documents contain—that they be made public. Obviously, there have to be appropriate redactions, and there should be, to protect the privacy of those who were interviewed. But there is no reason on God’s green Earth that those documents can’t be made public. Let the American people decide. Leader M
CCONNELL said from the very beginning to the effect that he was going to rush this through. Start-ing with not releasing documents, fol-lowed by constraints from our Senate Republican colleagues on what should be limitations on the FBI’s ability to do the new background check, all the way to this morning with one docu-ment in that room, the White House and the Republican side here in the Senate have attempted to rush this through regardless of the facts. It is wrong. It jaundices relationships be-tween the sides in this body—which we all want to be better—hurts the agen-cies involved, the reputation of the FBI, and, above all, this hurts the Su-preme Court and the American people. Make no mistake about it. Once again, had this process been open and fair, maybe the outcome would be dif-ferent; maybe it wouldn’t. Who could tell? But at least there would be some respect for the process. That hasn’t happened, and that is very bad for this body, for the Supreme Court, and for these United States of America. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, it seems like light years ago, but it was July 9 when President Trump nomi-nated Brett Kavanaugh to be the next Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States. I want to recap to re-fresh everybody’s memory of what has happened since July 9 and explain briefly why I will be voting for Judge Kavanaugh to be the next Associate Justice on the Supreme Court. Most importantly, I want to make one point emphatically clear. The Sen-ate should not be intimidated under the circus-like atmosphere that has un-fortunately surrounded this entire con-firmation process. We should not be in-timidated, and we should not be complicit in the orchestrated attempt to assassinate one man’s character and destroy his career and to further delay this confirmation vote. When Judge Kavanaugh was nomi-nated, it quickly became clear that we were dealing with somebody who was well qualified and well respected. He served for 12 years on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. He was well known for his expertise and his talent and his experience. Former colleagues and judges said that. Lawyers who argued before him at the DC Circuit Court said that. His former law clerks said that. Legal scholars, including those who did not share his views on the law, said that as well. What happened? I think opponents of this nomination knew they couldn’t beat his nomination the old-fashioned way—on the merits—so they decided to throw in the kitchen sink. First came the trash talking. There are claims that supporters of Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination would somehow be complicit with evil. That was a U.S. Senator who said that. Another said his confirmation could spell the de-struction of the Constitution itself. These are apocalyptic words and rhetoric. Most Americans can spot wild untruths and petty shaming when they see it. So that didn’t work very well. Opponents had to move on to round 2. They then argued that Judge Kavanaugh could not be fair and im-partial on the bench because of his views on executive power or because of his experience in working on the ter-rorist detention policy following the attacks that devastated this country on September 11, 2001, when he worked at the White House. Thankfully, the fact checkers did their due diligence and spotted errors with each of these arguments. So opponents of the nomi-nation moved on. Next came the great paper chase—the insistence that more and more docu-ments needed to be produced, including those that had traditionally been held back because of executive privilege, be-cause these were not documents that Brett Kavanaugh owned. These were documents held by either the National Archives or the George W. Bush Li-brary. Yet it is important to note that more documents about Judge Kavanaugh were produced for him than for all of the other past Supreme Court Justices combined—more paper on Judge Kavanaugh than all of the other Supreme Court Justices combined. Once again, that argument eventually ran out of gas. Fourth, came the normally scheduled confirmation hearings, which Judge Kavanaugh sailed through with flying colors. Opponents couldn’t lay a finger on him, but that is when things began to take a darker turn. I am talking about the accusations that our Demo-cratic colleagues sat on for a month be-fore seeing them leaked into the press, contrary to Dr. Ford’s wishes and against her consent. These allegations, of course, regarded alleged high school misconduct on the part of Judge Kavanaugh, but the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee didn’t share that with the FBI for 6 weeks or more and didn’t share it with bipartisan Sen-ate Judiciary Committee investigators, who were responsible for supplementing the investigation of the FBI and the background investigation. The ranking member didn’t share it with the committee itself during a closed-door session during which sen-sitive material would not be made pub-lic and where Dr. Ford’s identity, con-sistent with her request, could have re-mained confidential, as well, while that allegation was investigated. Of course, Judge Kavanaugh himself was never told of the allegation until some-time after his initial hearing. Now, that includes when our friend and colleague, the senior Senator from California, met one-on-one with Brett Kavanaugh. Don’t you think, if some-body had a question about an allega-tion being made against the nominee, that would be the perfect time to con-front the nominee and say: I have this allegation. What do you have to say about it? But she said nothing. By that point, we know she had al-ready spoken to Dr. Ford. We know she had already recommended partisan lawyers to represent her. We knew there had been arrangements by her lawyers to conduct a polygraph exam-ination. This is all during the time when the senior Senator from Cali-fornia had assured Dr. Ford that her name would be kept out of the press and out of the public limelight. Once she was sent to these partisan lawyers, they were preparing for bat-tle. They got a polygraph examination, plans were being made and hatched, but the ranking member of the Judici-ary Committee, who sat on these alle-gations for 6 weeks, said nothing, in-cluding hiding the allegations from the very man whose name in the next few days would be tarnished when the full fury of our Democratic colleagues’ wrath was unleashed. These accusations are very serious. They are crimes. Judge Kavanaugh has been accused of multiple crimes. I have said earlier that I wanted Dr. Ford to be treated the same way my own daughters or my wife or my moth-er would be treated in similar cir-cumstances. That is the sort of respect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Oct 04, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.004 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6511 October 4, 2018 
we owe any person making a serious al-legation like this, but while we were doing everything we could to treat Dr. Ford with the dignity and respect she deserves, our Democratic colleagues did her a huge disservice, not only to her but any other woman across the country who believes they have been a victim of a sexual assault. I say that because of the way they handled Dr. Ford’s accusations and hid them along the way. We know Dr. Ford requested con-fidentiality, but our Democratic col-leagues deprived her of that against her will. Her letter alleging mis-conduct on the part of Judge Kavanaugh was leaked to the press along the way, which is the way this sort of character assassination begins— anonymous reports to the press. We know Dr. Ford is struggling to come to grips with difficult moments in her past, but eventually she sum-moned the courage to share her story. What she didn’t fully appreciate is, she was simultaneously being used and de-ployed as a political weapon, a last- minute timebomb that was designed to destroy one man’s reputation and blow up the confirmation process once and for all. I would say to our colleagues across the aisle who claim to be acting in Dr. Ford’s best interest: It sure doesn’t look like it to me. We did everything we could, under the awful cir-cumstances presented to us by our Democratic colleagues, to show respect for Dr. Ford and to accommodate her wishes for safety and privacy. The Ju-diciary Committee wanted to do what was best for her when it offered a bi-partisan team of investigators to go to California and give her an opportunity to tell her story to them out of the limelight, with the TV cameras off, re-spectfully and privately. One of the suspicious circumstances surrounding this whole event, the very lawyers the ranking member sent her to, these partisan lawyers, apparently didn’t even tell Dr. Ford this option was available to her. That is what Dr. Ford said at the hearing. We also brought in an experienced sexual assault investigator and lawyer from Arizona to help us elicit the facts of her claim. Throughout the hearing, we listened and tried to learn from what Dr. Ford was telling us. We took Dr. Ford’s statements seriously. Then it was Judge Kavanaugh’s turn. Some of our colleagues now feign con-cern about Judge Kavanaugh’s judicial temperament because of the way he forcefully defended himself at the hear-ing where he had been accused of mul-tiple crimes and accused of lying under oath. We know what Judge Kavanaugh’s temperament is like on the bench be-cause he spent 12 years on the DC Cir-cuit Court of Appeals. That is why the American Bar Association gave him their very highest rating, not only for his experience but for his temperament as well. They interviewed hundreds of lawyers and people who had knowledge of Judge Kavanaugh’s expertise and his temperament, and they all said it was deserving of the highest rating the American Bar Association could give. I wonder how any of us would feel if we were accused of a crime we didn’t commit and were forced into the public limelight to defend our good name and our honor and our reputation and to protect our family against the threats that were being made against them. I would be angry. I would do everything possible to push back against the false accusations, and that is what Judge Kavanaugh did. Along the way, he again offered his denial of any of the allegations of Dr. Ford under penalty of felony. So the question is, How do we decide? Because we are going to be voting starting tomorrow on this nomination. Isn’t it somebody’s word against an-other’s? Don’t we either have to believe everything that one says or another? Do we know whom to trust, whose word to accept, when allegations are made about something that allegedly hap-pened 35 years ago with gaps in the story, inconsistencies? Well, I think the first thing we have to do is put these questions into the proper context, but here is the bottom line: This is not a case of he said, she said. It is a case of she said, they said. In other words, the allegations made by Dr. Ford are not confirmed or cor-roborated by any of the other people she said were present that day. One of those people she said was present was Leland Keyser, a female friend, one of her closest friends, who said not only does she not remember being involved in anything like this, she said she never even met Brett Kavanaugh. This is not about believing women or believing men. That is a false choice. It is not about having to choose between a man and a woman when it comes to allegations of sexual assault. It is not about being for the #MeToo movement or against it because who, after all, could be against it—women coming for-ward and telling their story when they believe they have been assaulted. No, what this is about is looking at the specific relevant evidence in this case in the proper framework. That evidence goes well beyond the impas-sioned and unequivocal denial by Judge Kavanaugh. In this case, as I said, there were three eyewitnesses Dr. Ford said could confirm her story, and all of them di-rectly refuted her story. What is more, nothing like this ever came up in the context of six previous FBI background investigations con-ducted by the FBI during Judge Kavanaugh’s long and very public ca-reer. We have been told the FBI, during the course of these now seven back-ground investigations, including the supplemental background investiga-tion, has talked to 150 witnesses about Judge Kavanaugh. Don’t you think somebody, somewhere, sometime would corroborate what Dr. Ford said if there were such a person? We know these claims conflict with the accounts of many women who said they have known this nominee to be-have honorably not only in high school and college toward them but the count-less other women who have known and interacted with Judge Kavanaugh since. It just seems simply out of char-acter for the Brett Kavanaugh we have come to know as a result of these hear-ings and these investigations. Finally, the timing of these allega-tions seem awfully calculated and un-usual, even politically motivated, and compound that with the fact that our Democratic colleagues chose not to act on the opportunity to investigate them either through the Judiciary Com-mittee staff or the FBI when it was much more appropriate to do so. Well, those are the facts I believe we should consider, and that is the evi-dence that suggested Judge Kavanaugh is telling the truth. The counterarguments offered by our Democratic colleagues are not compel-ling, and I think deep down they real-ize it. That is why they keep changing their position, moving the goalpost, as you have heard. That is why they have finally resorted to talking about al-leged ice-throwing incidents in college. Man, that is disqualifying, they say, apparently, or let’s look at his high school yearbook. I would stipulate that teenage boys—well, I was one once. We are not that smart when we are teen-age boys, and the dumb things that people say and do, I think, as the judge said, are cringeworthy sometimes. Then we have seen conspiracy theo-ries spun up involving his calendar from 1982. Now, I admit it is a little odd, I think, for anybody to have kept a daily calendar and still have it at age 53, but Judge Kavanaugh said that is what his dad did, and it was a combina-tion calendar and diary. So it tells us some of what he was doing at the time we are concerned with. I would suggest this whole enterprise has gotten so far afield from a search for the truth and become just a relent-less, unhinged attempt to defeat the nomination, and in the process, chew up and spit out the reputation of a good man. We know this play has been telegraphed. Our friends across the aisle made known their opposition would be equal parts merciless and re-lentless months ago when the minority leader said he was going to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination with everything he has—everything. Well, apparently ‘‘everything’’ in-cludes last-minute, uncorroborated ac-cusations made almost 40 years ago. ‘‘Everything’’ involves refusing to par-ticipate in the normal committee proc-ess, walking out of hearings, breaking the rules. It involves making loud, baiting statements designed to incite people. It includes seeing some of our colleagues get hangers sent to their of-fices, chasing Senators and their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Oct 04, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.006 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6512 October 4, 2018 
spouses from restaurants or through airports, not to mention delays and ob-structions at every step along the way. Here is what I really think needs to be understood: Our colleagues across the aisle claim to be looking out for the victim. They claim to be on the side of empathy, but there is nothing empathetic about the cruelty they have shown Judge Kavanaugh, his wife, and their children. There is nothing empathetic about presuming that somebody is guilty without evidence, and there is nothing consistent about our colleagues who forget many of their standard refrains about our criminal justice system convicting too many people when the evidence is thin. Some commentators have called this our Atticus Finch moment, recalling the famous novel ‘‘To Kill a Mocking-bird’’ by Harper Lee. We all remember that Atticus Finch was a lawyer who did not believe that a mere accusation was synonymous with guilt. He rep-resented an unpopular person who many people presumed was guilty of a heinous crime because of his race and his race alone. We could learn from Atticus Finch now, during this time when there has been such a vicious and unrelenting attack on the integrity and good name of this nominee. What I find the most distressing is that our colleagues who have engaged in this relentless and vicious attack ex-press no remorse over violating Dr. Ford’s wishes regarding confiden-tiality. They make no act of contrition about thrusting her into the spotlight and using her for partisan purposes or for recommending partisan lawyers to shepherd her along and withholding in-formation from the Judiciary Com-mittee and the FBI for weeks on end. I have spent much of my career in elected office fighting to make sure that victims of sexual assault and do-mestic violence and human trafficking are never ignored, but at the same time, I will never apologize for 1 second for believing in the constitutional pre-sumption of innocence and due process of law—one of the bedrock principles of our justice system, and that is because those principles are grounded in basic fairness and fair play. The spirit of that principle and the concept of due process applies to Judge Kavanaugh just as much as it does to any defend-ant taking a stand in any courtroom across this country. He has, in fact, been accused of a crime—multiple crimes. I believe we will remember last week’s hearings for years to come, and I am sure history will ultimately judge all of us, but in the meantime, we need to act. We have had more than enough time to evaluate this nominee. The Senate must do its job, and we will not be intimidated. This is about the prin-ciples we stand up for and defend—yes, sometimes even when it is unpopular. This vote that we will have beginning tomorrow is about upholding long-es-tablished constitutional principles and creating the right precedent, not estab-lishing the wrong one. Can you imag-ine, if this orchestrated smear cam-paign and relentless effort to destroy this nominee is successful, what kind of precedent that would set in the fu-ture? Woe be to all of us and shame on all of us if we allow that to happen. This vote is about validating years of public service and decades of honorable conduct. It is not about forgetting ev-erything that a person has done, all that he is, and all that he has worked for at the drop of a hat based on unproven allegations. It is not about shifting with the turbulent political whims. It is about what is just, and not just what is popular in some circles. The FBI has submitted its supple-mental background investigation. Democrats and Republicans are in the process of being briefed on that. Having been briefed, I can tell you this: Noth-ing new. No witness can confirm any allegation against Judge Kavanaugh. As I said, Judge Kavanaugh has been investigated seven times now by the FBI through background investigations where they have talked to 150 wit-nesses. It is time to vote. I hope my col-leagues will join me in supporting Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination start-ing with the cloture motion we will vote on tomorrow morning. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Madam President, by the time Dr. Ford was sharing her story last Thursday afternoon, I was heartbroken. Then, by the time Judge Kavanaugh was done speaking, just a few hours later, I was horrified. Dr. Ford spent her time talking about the laughter she still hears ring-ing in her ears from that night—the night that an older, stronger, drunker boy forced her to learn what it was like to feel helpless. Her voice quivered, but she herself never wavered, steadfast in the truth—in the memory of those few moments that changed her life forever. Judge Kavanaugh, meanwhile, spent his time interrupting and attacking the committee members, shouting over Senators and dressing them down—ap-pearing belligerent and outraged that anyone would dare keep him from get-ting what he feels entitled to, as though he—or anyone—is entitled to a seat on the U.S. Supreme Court. Time after time, he made brazenly political statements that should dis-qualify any candidate from serving as a Federal judge. Over and over again, he told what appeared to be blatant lies despite his being under oath. He seems to have lied about the meaning of his yearbook page, about when he learned of some of the recent accusations, about what he knew at age 53 and what he did at age 17. Sadly, this was hardly even sur-prising. Kavanaugh has a habit of ap-pearing to lie under oath, as we know from when he was questioned about his role in the Bush administration’s tor-ture policy back in 2006. This con-sistent dishonesty—this disregard, even distaste for the truth—should be unacceptable in any judicial nominee, let alone one nominated to serve on the highest Court of the land for a lifetime appointment. Let’s be clear: How Republicans went about restricting the FBI investigation this past week was questionable at best, sabotage at worst. Yet the reality is that that suspiciously limited back-ground check was not even necessary to prove that he was unfit; it was his inappropriate public outbursts and his lack of candor that were so deeply troubling, that should be so obviously disqualifying. This has nothing to do with his con-servative beliefs. This has to do with the fact that the belligerent partisan operative who revealed himself last week is wholly unsuited for a job that demands a level-headed temperament. It is not just I who is saying that. It is a sentiment that some of Kavanaugh’s own former law clerks have expressed in the wake of his hostile outbursts. No one is entitled to a Supreme Court seat, not even someone who went to Yale College or Law School as he re-minded us one, two, three, four times last Thursday. In this #MeToo moment we are living through, we need to rec-ognize the bravery it took for these women—Dr. Ford but also Deborah Ra-mirez—to speak out and not deride them and shame them as some on the other side of the aisle and even the President are doing. The other night, Trump stood in the middle of a political rally in Mis-sissippi and told joke after joke about Dr. Ford and the worst moment of her life—mocking a survivor, making fun of her trauma, riling up thousands of people to laugh at her just as she says Brett Kavanaugh did in that bedroom that night. That makes me sick. It makes me furious. Donald Trump may sit in the Oval Office, but it is obvious he cannot live up to even the minimal standards of what we should expect of any President. He doesn’t even under-stand or care how cruel it is to try to bully a survivor back into the shadows. You know, I have two daughters. The younger, Maile, was just born this April. The older, Abigail, is nearly 4 years old now. Her drawings line the walls of my Senate office, and her smile is the first thing I see in the morning. Well, I just can’t stop think-ing about how Dr. Ford was also once that age. She too probably had her hair brushed and then braided by her mom. She too probably loved that too-big set of Crayola crayons and proudly took to her mom drawing after drawing like those my Abigail brings to me. I can’t stop thinking about how that little 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Oct 04, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.007 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6513 October 4, 2018 
girl, just a decade later, found herself cornered and alone and scared—out-numbered and overpowered and terri-fied—in hearing that boy’s laughter that she remembers all of these years later. I am voting against Brett Kavanaugh because I believe Dr. Christine Blasey Ford, because I believe Deborah Rami-rez, because we need a nominee who will not cover up, abet, and lie about torture, but also because I know the American people deserve a fair-minded Supreme Court Justice who actually cares about honesty and the truth. That is the bare minimum we should expect from a nominee to the Supreme Court, and Brett Kavanaugh can’t even clear that low hurdle. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, nearly 3 months ago, I came to the Senate floor for the first time to support President Trump’s nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the U.S. Supreme Court. Here is what I had to say at that time: 
Judge Kavanaugh is among the most dis-tinguished and most influential judges in the entire country. The Supreme Court has adopted the positions in his opinions no less than 11 times. He has authored multiple dis-sents that ultimately prevailed in the Su-preme Court. He has taught courses at Harvard, Yale, and Georgetown. It bears mention, liberal and conservative justices alike have hired his former clerks, which shows the respect he has across the ideological spectrum. Truly, there is no one more qualified and more prepared to serve on the Supreme Court than Brett Kavanaugh. 
A lot has transpired in the last 3 months. We have received and reviewed more documents for Judge Kavanaugh than for any other Supreme Court nominee in our Nation’s history. We have had 5 days of public hearings. Judge Kavanaugh has answered more than 1,300 written questions—more questions than all previous Supreme Court nominees combined. We have had protesters in halls and hearing rooms and elevators. We have even seen the miraculous return of Spartacus, and we have had the lowest, most vile, most dishonest attempt at character assassination I have ever seen in my whole 42 years of service in the Senate. We may never know who leaked re-ports of Dr. Ford’s allegations to the press. We do know it was someone in the Democratic orbit. This was fol-lowed by the most appalling smear campaign imaginable. No accusation was too heinous, no claim too far- fetched. My Democratic colleagues like to pretend that Judge Kavanaugh’s under-standable indignation at last week’s hearing was a reaction only to Dr. Ford’s allegations but, of course, that is not the case. In the days imme-diately preceding that hearing, Judge Kavanaugh was accused of drugging women, of sexual assault, and even of gang rape. Judge Kavanaugh told the committee investigators it was like the twilight zone. I sure wish my Democratic col-leagues would stop trying to rewrite history to excise the slew of garbage they unleashed on Judge Kavanaugh and the American people, and I hope they will start talking to their friends on the outside and start acting like Americans again and quit this kind of divisive activity. I would like to say a word here about Dr. Ford. It is clear now that we will never know what happened 36 years ago. Dr. Ford offered a moving account of what she says happened between her and Judge Kavanaugh back when they were teenagers. Judge Kavanaugh, in turn, offered a forceful, impassioned re-buttal of her claims. Some have criti-cized Judge Kavanaugh for being too forceful in his response. My gosh, if that were me, I would be even more forceful than he was, to have false ac-cusations like that, especially at this particular time in this process. Interestingly, almost without excep-tion, these critics had announced their opposition to Judge Kavanaugh even before Dr. Ford’s allegations were leaked to the press. So let’s not pre-tend these critics are neutral observ-ers. In any event, Judge Kavanaugh’s in-dignation at what he clearly believes are false and unjust accusations was both understandable and, in my view, entirely proper. Dr. Ford’s allegations are serious. If true, they should disqualify Judge Kavanaugh from serving on the Su-preme Court. But neither Dr. Ford nor her attorneys nor any member of news media has been able to provide any cor-roboration for her claims. To the con-trary, every alleged eyewitness or par-tygoer she has named has either denied her allegations or failed to corroborate them. This includes her lifelong friend Leland Keyser, whom Dr. Ford says was present at the party that night. Ms. Keyser says that not only does she not remember such a gathering ever taking place but that she does not even know Judge Kavanaugh. Questions have been raised in recent days about certain elements of Dr. Ford’s testimony. She says she first told others that Judge Kavanaugh had attacked her around the time of a house remodel to add a second front door to her home, but permit records show that the door was added 4 years prior to her first al-leged mention of Judge Kavanaugh. She testified that she had never given advice on how to take a poly-graph test. A former boyfriend of hers, however, disputes that statement. Dr. Ford has also offered inconsistent accounts of when the attack took place and how many people were present at that party. There are other aspects of her story that are also confusing. She does not remember where or when the attack took place, but she remembers with crystal clarity how much alcohol she had consumed. This appears to be the only fact unrelated to the alleged at-tack that she is able to recall with cer-tainty. Dr. Ford also testified that after the attack, she ran out of the party. The location of the party had to be some distance from her home. She was too young to drive, so she would have had to have gotten a ride home, but she does not recall who drove her home. And given that this was long before the era of cell phones, it is unclear how she would have contacted someone to come pick her up after she ran out of the party. Even more puzzling, her good friend, Ms. Keyser, apparently never asked Dr. Ford why she disappeared from the party. Given that there is no corroborating evidence for Dr. Ford’s claims, all we have to go on is her story. Although not dispositive, the questions and in-consistencies and puzzling aspects that I have just outlined call into question the reliability of her account. This is simply not enough to conclude that Judge Kavanaugh is guilty of the hei-nous act Dr. Ford alleges. It flies in the face of the life he has lived as a judge and how effective he has been as a judge on the second highest court in the land. Against the thinness of Dr. Ford’s ac-cusations, we have an entire lifetime of good works and honorable public serv-ice by Judge Kavanaugh. We have re-ceived dozens of letters and hundreds of people attesting to Judge Kavanaugh’s good character and unimpeachable cre-dentials. His clerks, students, and former colleagues have all praised him as a man of the highest integrity. He has made the promotion and encour-agement of women lawyers a focus of his time on the bench. He volunteers in his community and mentors young ath-letes. This is a good man. He is a very good man, and he does not deserve this kind of treatment or behavior. What Dr. Ford alleges is entirely out of char-acter with the entire course of Judge Kavanaugh’s life. The recent sideshow stories about his drinking habits in high school—my gosh—and college over 30 years ago from people who never liked him in the first place are just a distraction. That this confirmation process has turned into a feeding frenzy about how nice Judge Kavanaugh was to his freshman roommate is an embarrassment. That said, the Senate has taken these allegations seriously, as we should. We invited Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh to testify, and they did so. Committee investigators spoke with numerous individuals who said they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Oct 04, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.009 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6514 October 4, 2018 
had relevant information to share. The committee also took statements under penalty of felony from the alleged wit-nesses Dr. Ford named. In addition, the FBI recently com-pleted a supplemental background check of Judge Kavanaugh, and the FBI found no corroborating evidence for any of the recent allegations against Judge Kavanaugh. Let me re-peat that. The FBI found no corrobo-rating evidence for any of the recent allegations against him—not a single piece of corroborating evidence. Now that the FBI has found no cor-roborating evidence, some of my Demo-cratic colleagues shamefully have taken to calling into question the credibility of the FBI and its investiga-tors. These attacks are irresponsible, to say the least. Indeed, contrary to what my Democratic colleagues have said, the FBI conducted a thorough, professional, and expeditious investiga-tion. The FBI talked to the people it needed to talk to. What agents did not do is talk to someone who says he talked to someone more than 30 years ago who now doesn’t remember seeing anything. They didn’t investigate whether Judge Kavanaugh was, in fact, spotted near a punch bowl at a high school party, and they were right not to do so. An FBI investigation is not a wild goose chase. Some of my Democratic colleagues are also complaining that the FBI did not interview Dr. Ford or Judge Kavanaugh during the supplemental in-vestigation. Well, Dr. Ford testified in a public hearing for nearly 3 hours. She told the committee that she had given us all of the information she could re-member. The FBI does not need to re-peat questions that have already been asked and answered, particularly when a person has already said she shared everything she can remember. Judge Kavanaugh, likewise, testified publicly at the hearing. He also spent several hours answering questions from committee investigators under penalty of felony on several different occasions. He has been thoroughly interrogated under oath in public and in private about these allegations. Some of my Senate Judiciary Com-mittee colleagues made the unfortu-nate choice last night to smear Judge Kavanaugh with yet another piece of innuendo. Eight members of the com-mittee sent a letter in which they in-correctly implied that the six previous background checks on Judge Kavanaugh contained information con-cerning sexual improprieties or alcohol abuse. In so doing, they took advan-tage of rules that protect the confiden-tiality of witnesses to score cheap po-litical points. Although we should all be disquieted by my colleagues’ unscrupulous con-duct, the American people can rest as-sured that no such information exists. If it did, Democrats would have raised it before now. Of that, we can certainly be certain. Indeed, after weeks of non-stop mudslinging and attempted char-acter assassination by Senate Demo-crats and their media allies, no one—no one—has been able to find any charge against Judge Kavanaugh that sticks. And you can believe they have tried. Boy, can you believe they have tried. This has been the worst example of the Washington smear machine that I have seen in all my 42 years of Senate serv-ice. So we are left back where we were be-fore this whole sordid saga began. Judge Kavanaugh is eminently quali-fied, unquestionably qualified, to serve on our Nation’s highest Court. He is among the most distinguished, influen-tial judges in the entire country. His opinions have received widespread ac-claim and have won approval by the Supreme Court on multiple occasions— multiple occasions. The American Bar Association interviewed more than 100 fellow judges and lawyers who know Judge Kavanaugh and who have ap-peared before him, and they all spoke with virtual unanimity in praising his integrity, his work product, and his ju-dicial temperament. As somebody who tried cases in Fed-eral court, I would have been happy to have had Judge Kavanaugh, who I know would give a fair shake to both sides. He is the kind of a judge I would have admired in every way, and I do, but I would have admired him in every way as a practicing trial lawyer who had quite significant experience. I hold the highest rating, the ABA rating from Martindale-Hubbell, which is the rating service that rates attor-neys without their knowledge by going to other top lawyers in their area. I have had that highest rating in two States—in Pennsylvania and in Utah. So I take these matters very seriously. I believe in the Federal courts. I think they do a terrific job in this country. I have nothing but admiration for them. There are very few exceptions. And I think it is just a terrible, ridiculous problem that has arisen here because people are playing politics with this judge and this judgeship. I am sorry that Judge Kavanaugh has had to go through this ordeal. He did not deserve this. He is a good man. He spent decades building a reputation of decency and fairness. His opponents have attempted to destroy it with 3 weeks of smut and unsubstantiated al-legations. It makes me sick to see this type of stuff. It certainly does when some of my colleagues buy into it, which they shouldn’t. They should not. I know Brett Kavanaugh. I know him well. He is a man of great resilience and firm conviction. He is going to be a great Justice—perhaps one of the greatest we have ever had. He will bring to the Supreme Court the integ-rity, honor, and intellectual rigor he has demonstrated throughout his en-tire career. And soon enough, he will have rebuilt his reputation. He will earn the respect of his colleagues and the American people through his writings and his decisions—of that, I have no doubt. I will vote to confirm Judge Kavanaugh. He is unquestionably qualified. He has gone through the most thorough vetting process I have ever seen. It has been a miserable, retched process in some respects, but he has come through, and we all give him credit for that. Hundreds of thou-sands of documents produced. Five days of hearings. Seven FBI back-ground checks. We know what we need to know. The American people know what they need to know. It is time to vote. It is time to con-firm this good man to the U.S. Su-preme Court, and I hope this body will get to that decision-making process as soon as it can. It is time to end this charade. It is time to back this really good man. I predict he will make one of the great Justices on the U.S. Supreme Court. I am grateful to my colleagues who have given him the benefit of the doubt and who know him and know these things are not true. I am grateful for the privilege of serving in the Senate. I sure hate to end my service with fur-ther smears to a good man like Judge Kavanaugh. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I have read the FBI report. I listened to the Judiciary Committee hearings, includ-ing the second hearing with Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh. I reviewed Judge Kavanaugh’s opinions as a judge and his public record during his tenure in the White House. Based on his record, I cannot support his nomination for a lifetime appoint-ment to the Supreme Court of the United States. I reached this conclu-sion before Dr. Ford’s allegations were made based on his court opinions and White House record. That conclusion was reenforced by Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony in response to Dr. Ford’s powerful and compelling testimony, raising very serious issues concerning Judge Kavanaugh’s conduct. Judge Kavanaugh’s response dem-onstrated his lack of impartiality and temperament, which is a critical quali-fication to serve as a judge. That view was reenforced by a letter written by over 1,000 law professors and legal scholars reaching the same conclusion I had drawn. I was very disappointed by the proc-ess on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination that was dictated by the Republican leadership. For Senator M
CCONNELL , 10 months was inadequate time for the Senate to consider President Obama’s choice of Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court of the United States. Yet Senator M
CCONNELL had no dif-ficulty in rushing the consideration of Judge Kavanaugh through the Senate in a fraction of that time. The Republican leadership refused to demand a complete discovery of rel-evant documents concerning Judge Kavanaugh. I served on the Judiciary Committee during the consideration of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.012 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6515 October 4, 2018 
Justices Sotomayor and Kagan when the Republicans’ request for complete discovery was honored and welcomed by the Democrats. Such was not the case in regard to the Republicans hon-oring reasonable requests for informa-tion concerning Judge Kavanaugh. To make matters worse, the chair-man of the Judiciary Committee inap-propriately and unilaterally classified certain documents as confidential, pre-venting their public use during the confirmation process. After Dr. Ford’s allegations became public, the Republican leadership re-fused to allow the FBI to conduct a proper investigation before scheduling a rushed, inadequate, and incomplete hearing without any additional wit-nesses beyond Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh. The Republican leadership refused to call before the committee eye witnesses to the allegation. Prior to the first hearing and before I reached a conclusion on the nomina-tion, I had requested an opportunity to meet one-on-one with Judge Kavanaugh, which is the Senate tradi-tion on Supreme Court nominees. That request was denied by the White House. I cannot support Judge Kavanaugh because of his judicial record, his par-tisan leanings, and lack of impartiality and judicial temperament. I am concerned Judge Kavanaugh is inclined to turn back the clock on civil rights and civil liberties, voting rights, reproductive choice, equality, the Af-fordable Care Act, workers’ rights, clean air and clean water, and protec-tion of abuses from corporate and po-litical power, including the President of the United States. Our Constitution created the Su-preme Court as an independent check and balance against both the executive and legislative branches of govern-ment. It should not be a rubberstamp for Presidential efforts to undermine the rule of law or independence of the Judiciary, self-pardon, or derail Spe-cial Counsel Mueller’s investigation into Russia’s interference in our 2016 elections. The next Justice of the Supreme Court should not be predisposed to rich corporations at the expense of con-sumers or hollow out protections for Americans against abuse of power as Judge Kavanaugh’s record as appellate judge reveals. Judge Kavanaugh has advanced legal theories as part of an activist agenda to overturn longstanding precedent to diminish the power of Federal agencies to help people, and he has dem-onstrated an expansive view of Presi-dential power that includes his belief that Presidents should not be subject to civil suits or criminal actions. Let me turn to some specific policies in Judge Kavanaugh’s record that con-cerns me should he become Justice Kavanaugh. To point out what I just said, I look at the opinions and writings he has done. There are concerns Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination could present a conflict of interest on the ongoing in-vestigations of the Russian inter-ference in the 2016 Presidential elec-tions as the Supreme Court could be asked to rule on whether Special Coun-sel Robert Mueller has the right to sub-poena the President to testify. In his confirmation hearing, Judge Kavanaugh refused to say whether he would recuse himself from this case should it reach the Court. I hope the Supreme Court would in-deed compel President Trump to com-ply with any reasonable subpoena from the special counsel, citing the prece-dent of requiring President Richard Nixon to surrender tapes and other evi-dence during the Watergate investiga-tions. The Supreme Court ultimately held that the President was not above the law. Some comments of Judge Kavanaugh suggest he believes the Nixon case was wrongly decided. There are also concerns that a Jus-tice Kavanaugh would defer criminal investigations and prosecutions of a President’s misconduct until after President Trump leaves office. Iron-ically, his views on Presidential power have changed since he worked for Inde-pendent Counsel Kenneth Starr on the Whitewater investigation of President Bill Clinton. Indeed, Judge Kavanaugh wrote that a sitting President should have ‘‘absolute discretion’’ to deter-mine whether and when to appoint or remove a special counsel. It is clear Judge Kavanaugh holds a troubling record when it comes to Presidential power. In the case of Seven-Sky v. Holder, pertaining to our country’s healthcare system, Judge Kavanaugh’s opinion implied that he believes the President does not have to enforce laws if the President deems a statute to be unconstitutional, regard-less of whether a court has already held it constitutional. Judge Kavanaugh was asked in 2016 if he could overturn precedent in any one case, and he said he would ‘‘put the final nail’’ in Morrison v. Olson, which upheld the constitutionality of the independent counsel statute. It appears Judge Kavanaugh believes the Presi-dent is above the law and the only rem-edy for Presidential misconduct in of-fice is impeachment by Congress, as suggested in some of his writings in 2009. He wrote we ‘‘should not burden a sitting President with civil suits, criminal investigations, or criminal prosecutions’’ and that the ‘‘country loses when the President’s focus is dis-tracted by burdens of civil litigation or criminal investigation and possible prosecution.’’ No one is above the law, including the President of the United States. We know President Trump has deep dis-regard for the rule of law. He con-stantly criticizes his own Justice De-partment, including urging the Justice Department to prosecute or not pros-ecute certain individuals. He has criti-cized the special counsel investigation into Russia interference in our election as a ‘‘witch hunt,’’ notwithstanding the growing number of convictions and guilty pleas obtained by Mr. Mueller. He has explored whether he has the power to pardon himself, family mem-bers, and associates. The future status of Rod Rosenstein, the Deputy Attor-ney General who supervises the special counsel investigation, is in jeopardy as President Trump has made it known he would like Mr. Rosenstein to go. We need a Supreme Court Justice who can stand up to the President, stand up for the rule of law, and stand up for the independence of the Judici-ary. Based on his track record, I am not convinced a Justice Kavanaugh would do that. While serving on the Court of Ap-peals for the DC Circuit, Judge Kavanaugh considered the constitu-tionality of the Affordable Care Act of 2011. The Court upheld the constitu-tionality of the Affordable Care Act by a 3-to-0 vote, and Judge Kavanaugh wrote a concurring opinion. His con-curring opinion has been described as the roadmap challenging the constitu-tionality of the Affordable Care Act. In his opinion, Judge Kavanaugh ar-gued it was premature to hear the case before the individual mandate had taken effect. Judge Kavanaugh laid out the legal justifications for President Trump not enforcing the individual mandate and for a judicial challenge to the constitutionality for the Affordable Care Act. A Justice Kavanaugh would raise sig-nificant concerns as to how he would rule on the protections of the Afford-able Care Act against insurance compa-nies discriminating on preexisting con-ditions, which could affect millions of Americans. In June of this year, President Trump’s Department of Justice broke with longstanding Department prece-dent and cited it would no longer de-fend the Affordable Care Act. In a brief filed by the Trump administration in Texas v. United States, the administra-tion joined with 20 Republican-led States to argue that the Affordable Care Act protections for people with preexisting conditions should be invali-dated. In their court filing, the admin-istration argued that when the Repub-lican tax bill eliminated the individual mandate, the taxless individual man-date became unconstitutional and therefore the law’s protections for those with preexisting conditions, in-cluding guaranteed issue and commu-nity rating, should be unenforceable. In 2017, Health and Human Services released a report stating that as many as 133 million nonelderly Americans have a preexisting condition. Every one of them would be at risk if this protec-tion is held to be invalid by the Su-preme Court. The Maryland Health Benefit Exchange estimates that in Maryland, there are approximately 2.5 million nonelderly Marylanders with preexisting conditions, including 320,000 children all at risk. In addition to Texas v. United States, there are dozens of healthcare cases 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Oct 04, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.013 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6516 October 4, 2018 
pending in the lower courts which are likely to be appealed to the Supreme Court in the upcoming terms. The out-comes of these cases of the Supreme Court will directly impact access to healthcare for millions of American families, including the most vulnerable in our society. In each of these cases, there is a question about whether the Affordable Care Act creates rights that individ-uals can enforce in courts. These cases deal with critical issues, such as the scope of healthcare coverage for nurs-ing mothers, false advertising by health insurance companies, and whether employers are required to pro-vide healthcare coverage to their em-ployees. Given Judge Kavanaugh’s stated hos-tility to the Affordable Care Act, I fear that a Justice Kavanaugh would fur-ther restrict access to healthcare for many Americans, particularly in re-gard to women’s healthcare, including birth control. In Planned Parenthood v. Casey, the Supreme Court firmly established that the constitutional right to privacy pro-tects women ‘‘from unduly burdensome interference with her freedom to decide whether to terminate her pregnancy.’’ This standard, known as the ‘‘undue burden’’ standard, prohibits govern-ment action that ‘‘has the purpose or effect of placing a substantial obstacle in the path of a woman seeking an abortion on a nonviable fetus.’’ Judge Kavanaugh wrote in the dis-sent in Garza v. Hargan in 2017, sup-porting the Trump administration’s ongoing efforts to prohibit a pregnant immigrant teenager in government custody from exercising her constitu-tional right to make her own healthcare decisions. Judge Kavanaugh pays lip service to the undue burden standard articulated in Casey. He shuns longstanding precedent and chooses instead to impose his own moral standards on Jane Doe. In a heated dissent in Priests for Life v. HHS, Judge Kavanaugh argued that the Affordable Care Act’s existing ac-commodations for religious employers that wanted an exception from the con-traception coverage policy still placed a substantial burden on the employers’ beliefs. Multiple cases referring wom-en’s access to birth control are work-ing their way through the courts. A Justice Kavanaugh could become a de-cisive vote on the Supreme Court lim-iting access to reproductive care. Maryland is home to many rivers which are part of the vast Chesapeake Bay watershed. The land and water-ways that supply our drinking water, support our native ecosystems, and contribute to our tourism and local economies are all at stake. Whether allowing more toxins in our air or more nuclear waste in our back-yards, Judge Kavanaugh has prioritized corporate America over the health of American citizens and our environ-ment. Justice Kennedy understood the val-ues of Americans when weighing the costs and benefits of environmental protection. Judge Kavanaugh has not shown such concern for balancing val-ues and interests. The Clean Air Act, which dramati-cally reduced these toxins after its pas-sage in 1970, has prevented over 400,000 premature deaths, 1 million bronchitis cases, 2 million asthma attacks, and over 40 million children’s respiratory illnesses. Judge Kavanaugh heard sev-eral major cases about the EPA’s au-thority under the Clean Air Act. In each of these cases, he opposed the Agency’s position. These protections should be strengthened, not eroded. As a lifelong Marylander and as a senior member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I have prioritized the protection of the Chesa-peake Bay; thus, I have worked to de-fend the EPA’s clean water rule, which has come under attack by Republican legislators and opponents in this ad-ministration. There are 67 percent of Marylanders who get their drinking water from sources that rely on small streams that are protected under the Clean Water Act. Partisan and shortsighted threats put our environment, economy, and public health in danger. If these at-tacks prove successful, protecting our citizens from the danger of water pollu-tion will become far more difficult. So we are left with even more uncer-tainty with Judge Kavanaugh’s nomi-nation. Would he support the clean water rule, which would protect the drinking water sources of 100 million Americans by making sure they are regulated under the Clean Water Act? We can all agree that few responsibil-ities of our government are more fun-damental than clean, safe water, but I am not certain that Judge Kavanaugh would defend this duty on the Supreme Court. As a member of the DC Circuit Court, Judge Kavanaugh has ruled in a num-ber of high-profile cases to limit the EPA’s protection on issues like climate change and air pollution and against Maryland’s interests as a coastal, downwind State. He has consistently voted against environmental regula-tions and often in favor of corporate in-terests. Judge Kavanaugh’s environ-mental jurisprudence is rife with dou-ble standards, as he has frequently at-tempted to insert cost considerations into environmental regulations where none exist in statute. Furthermore, he places a very low burden of proof on businesses claiming injury from regulation, while at the same time asserting a much higher standard of proof for citizens arguing that pollution is sufficiently harmful to warrant regulation. The following cases involving Judge Kavanaugh docu-ment his support of powerful interests over public interests in the areas of public health and the environment. In EME Homer City Generation, LP v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh wrote an opinion overturning an EPA rule de-signed to lower smog-forming sulfur di-oxide emissions by 73 percent and ni-trogen oxide emissions by 54 percent. The Supreme Court later ruled in favor of the EPA and overruled Judge Kavanaugh’s opinion. Nitrogen oxides account for two-thirds of the airborne nitrogen that ends up in the Chesa-peake Bay. In the case of the Coalition for Re-sponsible Regulation v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh dissented from a decision not to rehear a case which had found that the EPA had the ability to regu-late emissions in order to slow climate change. In the case of White Stallion Energy Center v. EPA, in a dissent, Judge Kavanaugh insisted that the EPA must take costs to business into account when judging regulation, attempting to argue that instead of determining what is best for public health, the EPA should determine what is the least costly to business. In Clean Air Council v. Pruitt, Judge Kavanaugh dissented to a DC Circuit determination that the EPA was un-reasonably delaying the implementa-tion of a 2016 rule that curbed fossil fuel emissions of methane, smog-form-ing volatile organic compounds, and toxic air pollutants. In Mexichem Fluor, Inc. v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh sided with producers of hydrofluorocarbons, saying the EPA had no authority to regulate them. In Mingo Logan Coal Co. v. EPA, Judge Kavanaugh dissented again and argued that the EPA must weigh the cost to business of revoking Clean Water Act permits. In each of these cases, Judge Kavanaugh sided with corporate inter-ests over public health. There is a clear record here. My concerns about Judge Kavanaugh also include his lack of sensitivity to the protections of civil rights. In the case of South Carolina v. Hold-er, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that South Carolina’s voter ID law was not dis-criminatory and did not violate the Voting Rights Act. South Carolina residents are required to use driver’s li-censes, passports, military IDs, or voter registration cards to vote. Judge Kavanaugh disregards section 5 of the Voting Rights Act and impedes on the voting rights of minorities who are im-pacted by South Carolina’s voting laws. We all know how difficult it is in minority communities when you have these ID laws. We know how difficult it is for older people to get to places to get their identification. This sends a dangerous signal about Judge Kavanaugh’s views on voting rights and racial justice in America. Judge Kavanaugh’s ideological bias can also be seen in his rulings in em-ployment discrimination cases, in which he has dissented and voted to dismiss claims that a majority of his DC Circuit colleagues have found to be meritorious. In Howard v. Office of the Chief Ad-ministrative Officer of the U.S. House of Representatives, Judge Kavanaugh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.014 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6517 October 4, 2018 
dissented from a majority decision which held that under the Congres-sional Accountability Act, an African- American woman fired from her posi-tion as House of Representatives dep-uty budget director could pursue her claim of racial discrimination and re-taliation in Federal court, giving her a right of action. Judge Kavanaugh dissented from that. He argued that the speech and de-bate clause of the Constitution prohib-ited the employee from moving forward with her claims, and he would have dis-missed the case. His interpretation of this constitutional provision would bar workers in congressional offices and throughout the legislative branch from pursuing most of their discrimination claims in Federal court, including many sexual harassment, discrimina-tion, and retaliation claims, only leav-ing available an inadequate and secret remedy. In Miller v. Clinton, the majority held that the State Department vio-lated the Age Discrimination in Em-ployment Act when it imposed a man-datory retirement age and fired an em-ployee when he turned 65. The State Department argued that it was exempt from the statute in light of a separate Federal law that permits U.S. citizens who are employed abroad to be ex-cepted from U.S. anti-discrimination laws. The majority disagreed and held that there was nothing in the Basic Au-thorities Act that abrogates the broad proscription against personnel actions that discriminate on the basis of age and that the necessary consequences of the Department’s position is that it is also free from any statutory bar against terminating an employee like Miller solely on account of his dis-ability or race or religion or sex. Judge Kavanaugh dissented, arguing that the Basic Authorities Act overrides exist-ing anti-discrimination laws. His will-ingness to embrace such a broad ex-emption from anti-discrimination laws is troubling. Once again, we see a pattern in Judge Kavanaugh’s rulings, favoring the pow-erful over individual rights. In Rattigan v. Holder, Judge Kavanaugh dissented from a majority decision which ruled that an African- American FBI agent could pursue a case of improper retaliation for filing a discrimination claim, where the agen-cy started a security investigation against him, as long as he did so with-out questioning unreviewable decisions by the FBI’s Security Division. He stated that the entire claim must be dismissed despite the majority’s warn-ing that this was not required by prece-dent and that the courts should pre-serve ‘‘to the maximum extent possible Title VII’s important protections against workplace discrimination and retaliation.’’ Judge Kavanaugh was in the minority on that opinion. Judge Kavanaugh’s dissents in these cases embrace positions that carve out Federal employees from the protec-tions of Federal employment discrimi-nation laws or limit their ability to en-force such rights. Judge Kavanaugh has a pattern of ruling against workers and employees in other types of workplace cases as well, such as workplace safety, worker privacy, and union disputes. Let me cite a few examples. In SeaWorld of Florida, LLC v. Perez, Judge Kavanaugh once again dissented from a majority opinion upholding a safety citation against SeaWorld fol-lowing the death of a trainer who was working with a killer whale that had killed three trainers previously. While the majority deferred to the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Review Com-mission’s finding that SeaWorld had in-sufficiently limited the trainers’ phys-ical contact with the whales, Judge Kavanaugh strongly disagreed and questioned the role of government in determining the appropriate levels of risk for workers. In National Labor Relations Board v. CNN America, Inc., Judge Kavanaugh dissented in part from Chief Judge Gar-land’s majority opinion upholding a National Labor Relations Board’s order that CNN recognize and bargain with a worker’s union and finding that CNN violated the National Labor Relations Act by discriminating against union members in hiring. Judge Kavanaugh dissented from the finding that CNN was a successor employer, and his posi-tion would have completely absolved CNN of any liability for failing to abide by the collective bargaining agree-ment. In National Federation of Federal Employees v. Vilsack, Judge Kavanaugh dissented from the DC Cir-cuit majority’s ruling that invalidated a random drug testing program for U.S. Forest Service employees at Job Corps Civilian Conservation Centers. The ma-jority, which included another Repub-lican-appointed judge, observed that there was no evidence of any difficulty maintaining a zero-tolerance drug pol-icy during the 14 years before the ran-dom drug testing policy was adopted and that the primary administrator of the Job Corps, the Department of Labor, had no such policy. That didn’t affect Judge Kavanaugh—he dissented and would have restricted employees’ privacy rights. In American Federation of Govern-ment Employees, AFL–CIO v. Gates, Judge Kavanaugh authored the major-ity opinion that reversed the lower court’s partial blocking of Department of Defense regulations, which had found that many of the Pentagon’s reg-ulations would ‘‘entirely eviscerate collective bargaining.’’ Judge Kavanaugh disagreed. Judge Tatel dis-sented in part, noting that Judge Kavanaugh’s majority opinion would allow the Secretary of Defense to ‘‘abolish collective bargaining alto-gether—a position with which even the Secretary disagrees.’’ In Heller v. District of Columbia, after the Supreme Court decided 5 to 4 in the 2008 case of District of Columbia v. Heller that the Second Amendment protects an individual’s right to bear arms, Washington, DC, passed laws that prohibited assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and that re-quired certain firearms to be reg-istered. We know the Heller decision, and we know the importance of the Heller decision’s extending individual rights under the Second Amendment. Yet, after the District passed a law in-volving assault weapons and high-ca-pacity magazines, the same plaintiff, Richard Heller, argued that the new gun laws violated the Second Amend-ment. In the 2011 case of Heller v. District of Columbia, a panel of three Repub-lican-appointed judges ruled 2 to 1 that DC’s ban on assault weapons and high- capacity magazines was constitutional. It happened to be three Republican-ap-pointed judges. The ruling was 2 to 1. You guessed it—Judge Kavanaugh was the dissenter and would have held that the ban on assault weapons was uncon-stitutional. He wrote in that opinion that there was no difference between handguns and assault weapons in that regard. I find that very troubling if he does not see the difference between a handgun and an assault weapon. A Justice Kavanaugh would worsen the problems caused by the Supreme Court’s decision in Citizens United, which gave corporate speech First Amendment protection, increasing the flow of money into our elections. His record indicates he would continue opening the floodgates of dark and se-cret money into our political system. We have enough money already in the system, and we don’t need more. A Jus-tice Kavanaugh, to me, would mean an open season on more special interest money getting into our election sys-tem. In the case of EMILY’s List v. Fed-eral Election Commission, Judge Kavanaugh wrote the opinion for a con-servative three-judge panel that struck down FEC rules that were developed to address the influx of spending by out-side groups and paved the way for the creation of super PACs. Judge Kavanaugh has been critical of the Chevron deference. Under Chevron, which is named for a 1984 Supreme Court opinion, courts defer to reason-able agency interpretations when Con-gress has been silent or ambiguous on an issue. In a 2017 speech at Notre Dame that honored Justice Scalia, Judge Kavanaugh said: ‘‘The Chevron doc-trine encourages agency aggressiveness on a large scale. Under the guise of am-biguity, agencies can stretch the mean-ing of statutes enacted by Congress to accommodate their preferred policy outcomes. I saw this firsthand when I worked in the White House, and I see it now as a judge.’’ Judge Kavanaugh’s proposed solu-tions to Chevron is to simply deter-mine the best reading of the statutes, and courts would no longer defer to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.015 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6518 October 4, 2018 
agencies’ interpretations of statutes. Such an interpretation would put envi-ronmental, public health, and con-sumer protection interests at great risk. Judge Kavanaugh would have struck down the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau as unconstitutional when he wrote the majority opinion in a panel decision. An en banc panel of the DC Circuit ultimately vacated that and remanded Judge Kavanaugh’s decision, upholding the constitutionality of the Dodd-Frank reforms, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. That is what is at risk with a Justice Kavanaugh—that type of decision-mak-ing that hinders consumer protection, public health, and environmental issues. The purpose of the Chevron doctrine is to allow government agencies to carry out congressional intent, as our agencies are carrying out and inter-preting increasingly complex statutes. Judicial review of such interpretations is governed by a two-step framework that was included in the Chevron case. The Chevron framework of review usually applies if Congress has given an agency the general authority to make rules with the force of law. If Chevron applies, a court asks at step one wheth-er Congress directly addressed the pre-cise issue before the court, using tradi-tional tools of statutory construction. If the statute is clear on its face, the court must effectuate congressional in-tent. However, if the court concludes instead that the statute is silent or ambiguous with respect to the specific issue, the court proceeds to Chevron’s step two. At step two, courts defer to the agen-cy’s reasonable interpretation of the statute. This is just common sense. Even the late conservative Justice Antonin Scalia defended the Chevron doctrine as an important rule-of-law principle. As the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights has stated, Federal agencies issue regulations ad-dressing a wide array of civil and human rights issues, including environ-mental protection, immigration policy, healthcare protection, education laws, workplace safety, and consumer pro-tections. A Justice Kavanaugh will put all of these protections at risk. Judge Kavanaugh’s performance at his hearing and his answers to ques-tions for the record did not provide me any additional comfort about his nomi-nation. Indeed, Judge Kavanaugh’s tes-timony, judicial record, and legal ca-reer reveal a disturbing pattern. I believe he would be a Justice with an activist, conservative agenda who could disregard precedent to reach a desired outcome. A Justice Kavanaugh could serve as a rubberstamp for the worst successes of the Trump adminis-tration. Judge Kavanaugh had several oppor-tunities to stand up for the independ-ence of the judiciary and the rule of law. He has refused to condemn Presi-dent Trump’s attack on Justice Gins-burg or Judge Curiel due to his Mexi-can heritage. I recall by contrast, when we had Judge Gorsuch before us with his confirmation hearings, he said that ‘‘when anyone criticizes the honesty or integrity, the motives of a Federal judge, well, I find that disheartening, I find that demoralizing, because I know the truth.’’ Judge Kavanaugh wouldn’t even go that far. Judge Kavanaugh refused to com-ment on President Trump’s repeated attempts to politicize criminal pros-ecutions at the Department of Justice. His testimony following Dr. Ford’s testimony is particularly troubling. His tirade against members of the Ju-diciary Committee, his partisan at-tacks, and his conspiracy theories re-veal real concerns to me about his im-partiality and judicial temperament and whether he would be a partisan on the Court. The American people want an independent voice on the Supreme Court to protect their individual rights against those in power, be it the Presi-dent or powerful corporate interests. Under our Constitution, the courts must act as an independent branch of government and as a check and balance against the abuse of power. The Su-preme Court is the guardian of Amer-ica’s constitutional rights against the powerful. After reviewing Judge Kavanaugh’s record, I believe he is not the right choice to safeguard these fun-damental principles. I will vote no on his confirmation to the Supreme Court. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is ex-traordinary where we find ourselves today. We are on the verge of a cloture vote and possibly a confirmation vote for Judge Kavanaugh to join the Su-preme Court. At the same time, we have credible allegations of sexual as-sault against a nominee, and they are not just lingering; they are developing. The FBI investigation that we hoped would be full and fair has turned out to be neither after the Trump White House and Senate Republicans appear to have successfully imposed so many restrictions as to render it almost meaningless. I am afraid that from the very begin-ning of this nomination, the vetting of Judge Kavanaugh has never been a gen-uine effort to discover the truth. In-stead, at every turn, it has been a transparent and partisan attempt to keep the American people in the dark about the vulnerabilities of a con-troversial nominee who, if he is con-firmed, is going to shape our lives for a generation. From start to finish, at every step, this has been a unilateral effort by the Trump White House and Senate Repub-licans to protect their nominee instead of protecting the American people or— I might say—to protect the Supreme Court. They have been driven by the impulse to rush and to conceal. I want to commend my friends Sen-ator J
EFF FLAKE and Senator C HRIS C
OONS for working together in good faith to demand more from this proc-ess. An investigation into the serious allegations of sexual misconduct by Judge Kavanaugh is the first step, but it should have happened weeks ago. Until now, such investigations have been routine any time new, derogatory information surfaces about a nominee. Unfortunately, the investigation com-pleted over the last few days falls short of any reasonable standard. I think it fell short by design. We have already heard about many of its deficiencies from Dr. Ford, Ms. Ra-mirez, and numerous other witness who attempted unsuccessfully—attempted unsuccessfully—to share relevant in-formation with the FBI. The Senate Republican leadership and the Trump White House did every-thing in their power to assure that this investigation was not a search for truth but rather a search for cover. A search for truth would have al-lowed the FBI to interview Dr. Ford’s husband and her therapist, both of whom have stated that Dr. Ford men-tioned Kavanaugh as her assaulter years ago. A search for the truth would have al-lowed the FBI to interview numerous high school and college classmates who have come forward saying they could provide information about Judge Kavanaugh’s conduct during those years that was consistent with the al-legations and which contradict Judge Kavanaugh’s sworn testimony. A search for the truth would have al-lowed the FBI to interview a man who wrote a sworn statement asserting that he could help corroborate Ms. Rami-rez’s allegations or two women who contacted authorities with evidence that Judge Kavanaugh tried to head off Ms. Ramirez’s story before it became public. That was an apparent con-tradiction—a total contradiction—with his testimony before the Judiciary Committee. In fact, a search for the truth would have allowed the FBI to at least speak with Julia Swetnick, a third accuser. A search for the truth would have allowed the FBI to speak with Mark Judge’s ex-girlfriend, who recalled that Mr. Judge told her ‘‘ashamedly’’ about a sexual incident that eerily mirrors both Dr. Ford’s and Ms. Swetnick’s allegations. There is no mistake here: This inves-tigation was rigged by the White House and Senate Republicans. Instead of calling on the FBI to take these basic investigatory steps, inexplicably, the Republican-controlled Judiciary Committee has solely tried to discredit these women. The com-mittee released a statement from a former acquaintance of Ms. Swetnick’s. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.016 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6519 October 4, 2018 
This individual had no knowledge of the alleged incident but instead sala-ciously described the alleged sexual in-terests of Ms. Swetnick’s. According to the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence—one of the most nonpartisan and respected voices on Capitol Hill—this shameless at-tempt to smear a victim violates the intent of the rape shield law. And to add to it, Ms. Swetnick was never even interviewed by the FBI. She was ig-nored. She was silenced. Then she was shamed. It is outrageous, the way she was treated. Republicans have also claimed that the other individuals Dr. Ford identi-fied at the gathering where she was as-saulted have ‘‘refuted’’ her testimony. Well, that is just false. These individ-uals stated publicly that they do not recall the event. As Dr. Ford told the Judiciary Committee, that is not sur-prising, as ‘‘it was a very unremarkable party . . . because noth-ing remarkable happened to them that evening.’’ Yet one of these individuals has said publicly that she believes Dr. Ford. After reviewing the FBI’s report this morning, within minutes, Republican Senators claimed there is a lack of cor-roborating evidence for any of these al-legations. Despite the numerous re-strictions they placed on this inves-tigation, that claim is simply not true. But a predicate fact for developing thorough corroborating evidence is a thorough investigation. That is basic. And this investigation false far short. It is a disservice to Dr. Ford, Ms. Ra-mirez, and Ms. Swetnick. I would go further to say that it is a disservice to survivors anywhere in this country. Dr. Ford’s credible and compelling testimony captivated the Nation and inspired survivors of sexual violence across the country. In a moment that I will never forget, when I asked her for her strongest memory, something from the incident she couldn’t forget, she re-plied: ‘‘Indelible in the hippocampus is the laughter, the uproarious laughter between the two’’ as a teenage Brett Kavanaugh drunkenly pinned Dr. Ford down to the bed and attempted to sexu-ally assault her. I believe what she said. The reason that a thorough, inde-pendent investigation is so critical is not because we need additional proof that Judge Kavanaugh was not telling the truth about his high school drink-ing or the obvious misogyny in his yearbook or whether he is ‘‘Bart O’Kavanaugh’’ who passed out from drunkenness. All of us here know he wasn’t telling the truth in his testi-mony about that. The reason we need-ed a thorough investigation is that these women have offered credible ac-cusations, and they have identified po-tential corroborating witnesses and evidence, and the Senate needs to know all of the facts before it can place the accused on the Nation’s highest Court for a lifetime appointment. A thorough investigation is essential for another reason: We simply cannot take Judge Kavanaugh at his word. On issues big and small, anytime Judge Kavanaugh has been faced with ques-tions that would place him in the mid-dle of controversy, he has shown he cannot be trusted to tell the truth. Every single time he has testified be-fore the Senate over the years, he has misled and dissembled. He misled the Senate about his role in a hacking scandal, in confirming controversial judicial nominees, and in shaping the legal justifications for some of the Bush administration’s most extreme and now discredited policies. His appearance before us last week was no different. He gave testimony that veered into a tirade. He angrily dismissed Dr. Ford’s testimony as part of a smear campaign to ruin his name and sink his nomination. His conspira-torial ramblings—attributing the alle-gations to ‘‘revenge on behalf of the Clintons’’—were an insult to Dr. Ford, and they are an insult to survivors of sexual violence across the country. He evaded—as he always has when under oath—basic factual questions, choosing instead to show his disdain for mem-bers of the committee who had the au-dacity to ask him about his behavior during the time of the allegations. In my 44 years in the Senate, I have voted for more Republican-appointed judges than almost all serving Repub-lican Senators. That includes voting for Chief Justice Roberts. But I have never seen such a partisan performance by a nominee of either party to the Su-preme Court or any other court. I have never seen a nominee so casually will-ing to evade and deny the truth in the service of his own raw ambition. If truth under oath means anything at all, Judge Kavanaugh has disquali-fied himself over and over and over again. He has neither the veracity nor the temperament for a lifetime ap-pointment to the highest Court in our Nation. The truth has an odd way of coming out, one way or another. To avoid risking permanent damage to the integrity and legitimacy of our Na-tion’s highest Court, I urge Senators to join me in voting no on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. Mr. President, I do not see anyone else seeking the floor, so I will suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, it was a week ago today that Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, on which I serve, were riveted by the compelling and powerful testimony of Dr. Chris-tine Blasey Ford. It was a week ago today that Judge Brett Kavanaugh de-livered his forceful rejoinder and rebut-tal. Today I want to take a moment and share with Members of this Chamber and folks who may be watching some-thing else that was happening during this entire hearing that I did not ex-pect. It was powerful and unique and special in my experience as a public servant, and I have heard, as I have lis-tened to other Senators of both parties who were present and with whom I talked to afterward, it was their expe-rience as well: This conversation is bigger. It is big-ger, it is pressing, and, I would say, it is more important than the question of one Supreme Court seat and one cur-rent nominee. It is a question that we, as a country at the highest levels of power, believe victims and survivors of sexual assault and are willing to listen to them, to believe them, and to take action. So what was it that happened last Thursday? As I tried to pay attention to the remarkable testimony of Dr. Ford, my phone was blowing up. I got texts, I got instant messages, I got phone calls, I got emails, I got Facebook posts—I got messages in more ways that you can connect with me than I knew was possible. These were stories—powerful stories—stories that friends of mine, people I have known for years or decades, people I barely know or people I hope to get to meet. They were sharing with me sto-ries of assault. They were told by class-mates, neighbors, friends, constituents, people who had carried these burdens alone for years. These stories are difficult to hear, but it is important that they be heard. It is important to understanding why survivors stay silent, and it is impor-tant to understanding why we, as a body and a nation, must get this mo-ment right. They are important to un-derstanding why the President and oth-ers are wrong when they say that if a victim’s allegations are true, she would have filed a report or come forward decades ago. In response to the question, why didn’t Dr. Christine Blasey Ford come forward earlier, I have just this experi-ence to share. The texts and emails, the conversations in person and over the phone, with friends I have known for so long and friends I have just met, make it powerfully clear to me that the many ways in which assault and violation happens in our country be-tween people have as many different reasons why they hide them, carry them, and keep them in darkness and quiet and in shame, and each one of those stories reminds me even more powerfully the reasons we must—we must—demonstrate that they are heard. One friend from Delaware, a cancer survivor—someone I have spoken about on this floor before because of her sur-vival of a nearly life-ending cancer— confided in me she was terrorized and raped as a small child. Living with the effects of that experience, she said, has been way harder than cancer. She said to me early childhood trauma can be murky and difficult to describe and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.018 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6520 October 4, 2018 
doesn’t lend itself easily to a court-room narrative understanding. She is right. A male friend, someone I know from high school, shared with me an experi-ence he had during a spring break trip. He shared how, on a biology field trip to Mexico, when he sought help from a trip organizer after snorkeling fins blistered his ankles, after admin-istering first aid in the hotel room, he was assaulted. His comment was he was too shocked to call for help and did not tell anyone for over three decades. He is right. She is right. They are not alone. Today I want to share a few more stories shared over the last weeks by brave men and women who are shining a light on the challenges, the fear, the shame, and the anger surrounding sex-ual assault. This is under the hashtag ‘‘Why I Didn’t Report.’’ I think it helps lend some understanding to the dynam-ics of surviving assault. Under the hashtag ‘‘Why I Didn’t Re-port’’: ‘‘I had known him for years,’’ one victim said. Why I didn’t report: 
Because he was ‘‘sorry.’’ Because I was drunk. Because I was young and ashamed and felt like I had somehow asked for it even though I had said NO and STOP. . . . Because even typing this still makes me feel it all again. 
Another, in response to this hashtag, said: 
Because my counselor said they won’t be-lieve you because you’re not a pretty girl. 
Another said: 
I blamed myself. I was humiliated and hurt. I thought they were my friends. I felt safe until I wasn’t and then it was too late. I wanted to wash it away and never think about it again. 
Another said: 
Because I feel ashamed of what happened and didn’t want to publicly ruin someone’s life, even though they privately ruined mine. 
Because: 
He was my boyfriend and I was sleeping. He told me he had been accused of this before and it wasn’t rape because we were dating. 
Another victim posted: 
My mom did report my 18 year old cousin when I was 9. I had to testify sitting across a table from him. I froze and cried, couldn’t speak. All charges were dropped. 
Earlier this week, at a townhall at the Delaware City Fire Company, someone I have known for decades got out of her car, came up to me, gave me a huge hug, and, weeping, said: I never told my husband, I never told my son, and today I have. In her voice, there was both heavy emotion and an enor-mous sense of relief—and, I have to say, for me, a sense of great pain that I was wishing I could do nothing except sit and listen, to honor her story, to provide some sense of comfort and sup-port and recognition. Yet I had to move on to the townhall after a few moments. At a dinner here in Washington just last night, someone shared with me an amazing story of her daughter’s suf-fering. To hear a story of that power and pain in the midst of a social set-ting is both wonderful, in that they are trusting with a story they have held on to for so long, and terrible, in that it is a reminder of the ways in which we speak to each other of surviving as-sault in hushed tones and in dark cor-ners and on the internet and anony-mously. Whatever comes out of this week, whatever comes out of the proceedings of this floor today, tomorrow, and this weekend, we must listen and recognize that hundreds of thousands of Amer-ican women and men have been vic-tims, are victims, and will be victims, of sexual assault—and, according to our Department of Justice, at least two-thirds have never reported it. There is an ocean of pain in this Na-tion not yet fully heard, not yet appro-priately resolved, not yet fully ad-dressed. Everyone—everyone—everyone within earshot of my voice—the women and men in this Chamber, staff, jour-nalists, colleagues, friends, members of the public, those who think Brett Kavanaugh should be a Supreme Court Justice and those who do not, those who have either themselves been vic-timized by assault or know someone, a loved one, a family member, a neigh-bor, a classmate, a fellow parishioner, a colleague, or a friend—we all—all— have an opportunity here, a moment, to make it clear that we welcome and will respect and listen to and act on stories that have been and will be shared with us and that we will act. If I could make one request, it would be that we come out on the other side of these last few weeks with an aware-ness of those who are in silent, deep, and lonely pain—often right next to us, all around us, in our families, in our churches, in our workplaces, and in our communities—and that we give them the listening, the understanding, and the embrace to help them heal. You know, in today’s hyperpartisan environment, where we are quick to question motives of others and search for any excuse to discredit, devalue, and doubt, I also wanted to add one small but I think important point: Every victim who has spoken to me in the past week was not looking for any-thing. They were not looking for a set-tlement. They were not looking for some lawsuit. They were simply look-ing for acknowledgement. They were looking to share something they have carried too long alone. They just want-ed to be heard. Our country is watching. This is a moment where the Senate as an insti-tution and the country as a whole need to show we can and will do better. I hope we will listen—that we will listen as we continue to move forward impor-tant legislation: the Violence Against Women Act, which my predecessor, then-Senator Biden, helped champion in a bipartisan way over several Con-gresses; the Victims of Child Abuse Act, which even now I am working with a bipartisan team to try to get through this Chamber to be reauthor-ized. There are many more things we can and should do to work to combat sexual abuse and sexual assault and to help prevent and heal. What I most want to say today, to my friends and acquaintances, to my constituents and my community, to my Nation and the world that may well be watching this moment in the United States, to those whose stories I have just shared and whose stories I have just heard, I simply want to say this: You have touched my heart deeply. I hear you, and I thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, this is the first time I have come to the floor to speak on the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh since the events of the last several weeks. I want to say this at the outset in the most dispassionate way I can: I have come to the conclusion Brett Kavanaugh is perhaps the most dangerous nominee for the Supreme Court in my lifetime, and I am going to vote no tomorrow when the cloture vote comes before this Senate. Let me be clear. I had decided to vote no before his confirmation hearing, be-fore the allegations of sexual assault were levied against him, before his sec-ond confirmation hearing, before the FBI refreshed its background check in-vestigation. That doesn’t mean I wasn’t willing to do my due diligence; it is simply that his judicial record, which I became familiar with as he was becoming known as one of the finalists for this selection, was enough for me to decide he wouldn’t rule fairly on the questions before the Court that affect the millions of people I represent in Connecticut. Every year, I take a walk across my State. It takes about 5 days. It is about 120 miles, give or take. It is a chance for me to conduct a weeklong running focus group where I get to talk to hun-dreds of voters who aren’t plugged into politics on a daily basis. The people I meet at gas stations and auto body shops and folks who are out walking their dog in the morning are part of the 98 percent of Americans who don’t watch Sean Hannity or Anderson Coo-per or Rachel Maddow. Yet they have strong opinions about what is hap-pening in this country just like every-body else, and I am glad they share them with me. For the last 2 years, since President Trump took office, the No. 1 topic peo-ple talk to me about during the walk is healthcare. People in Connecticut are scared about what they see as a coordi-nated effort that is underway in Wash-ington to take away their insurance coverage and the protections for people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.019 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6521 October 4, 2018 
in my State who have preexisting con-ditions. Folks in Connecticut don’t think the Affordable Care Act is perfect. They want us to work on making it better, but they don’t want us to end it with-out a plan for what is going to come next. They were glad when the repeal plan was defeated last year. Now they are worried that President Trump is trying to use the courts to get done what he couldn’t get done in the peo-ple’s branch of government, the legisla-tive branch. Brett Kavanaugh was vetted by two conservative political groups whose chief legislative priority is repealing the Affordable Care Act come hell or high water. The head of one of those groups said on television it really didn’t matter to him which of the names on the list Trump picked be-cause they all shared their group’s pri-orities. Trump himself told the Amer-ican public he would never pick a judge like John Roberts, who voted to uphold the major parts of the Affordable Care Act. Kavanaugh, in his judicial writing, has been hostile to the Affordable Care Act. Frankly, I will take the Presi-dent’s word for it. He picked Brett Kavanaugh to help him unwind judi-cially a law he couldn’t unwind legisla-tively, and that will have huge con-sequences on folks in my State who need insurance coverage for things like cancer, addiction, or mental illness. While Kavanaugh hasn’t said a lot specifically on the ACA, his views on choice are pretty well known. As a law-yer in the Bush White House, Kavanaugh went out of his way to note that Roe v. Wade isn’t settled law, that it would take just five Supreme Court Justices to get rid of it. As a circuit court judge, he denied access to an abortion for a young im-migrant girl, even though she met the legal criteria to receive the procedure. He uses rhetoric and terminology that is right out of the anti-choice dic-tionary when talking about reproduc-tive healthcare. He talks about abor-tion on demand. He called birth control an abortion-inducing drug. Kavanaugh, no doubt about it, is going to vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. Any Senators who have convinced themselves otherwise are living in a fantasy world. The people I represent in Connecticut don’t want the Supreme Court of the United States telling them what they can and cannot do with their bodies. The judicial doctrine of privacy comes from a Connecticut case, Griswold v. Connecticut, brought by a pioneering civil rights lawyer in New Haven. In my State, we prefer judges to stay out of our private business. Finally, when I am walking across the State of Connecticut, I am talking an awful lot about the issue of gun vio-lence. It is not just the murder of 20 little first graders in Sandy Hook that still hangs heavy over Connecticut; it is the murders in Hartford, New Haven, Bridgeport, and the suicides all over our State continue unabated. Listen, it is not as though everybody I meet when I am walking across the State agrees with me on what we should do. When I walk east to west, I spend half of my time in Eastern Con-necticut—a part of the State where people still love their guns, and I get into lots of spirited arguments about assault weapons and gun permits. What there is relative agreement on is that it is our choice on how we should regu-late guns. Here is where Judge Kavanaugh’s views get outside of the mainstream. His testimony before the Judiciary Committee suggests that he is a Sec-ond Amendment radical, believing al-most all restrictions on gun ownership are likely unconstitutional. Here is a for instance: He stated in his testi-mony, as long as a weapon is in regular commercial use, it can never ever be banned. That is a recipe for disaster be-cause all you need then is a very short period of legalization of automatic weapons, followed by a few years of ro-bust commercial sales, and then that gun has permanent constitutional pro-tection forever. That is absurd, but that is Brett Kavanaugh’s view on the Second Amendment. What I am saying is this. I didn’t need the tragic drama of the last few weeks to know how I felt about Brett Kavanaugh serving on the Supreme Court. I was an early ‘‘no’’ vote, and I don’t apologize for coming to that con-clusion months ago. Yet that doesn’t mean I am not entitled to have a strong opinion on what has played out before the eyes of America during the month of September, and it doesn’t mean I don’t have the right to make the argument here that for those in the Senate who weren’t as sure as I was, what happened in the last 30 days should be dispositive on the future of this nomination. I said at the outset, I thought Brett Kavanaugh is the most dangerous nominee to the Court in my lifetime. That opinion is one I arrived at only after hearing his testimony before the committee last week. I think it is really important for Sen-ators to understand the Pandora’s box they are opening by voting yes, endors-ing his performance, his demeanor, and what I argue is maybe most important: his bias. Let me say first, I don’t believe any Democrat should defend the way in which Christine Blasey Ford’s allega-tions were brought to light. I don’t know who leaked the contents of that letter. I think it is fair to guess it was somebody who didn’t want Brett Kavanaugh confirmed. Dr. Ford should have controlled her story or at least the ranking member of the committee to whom she entrusted it should have controlled that story. The timing of its release just sucked. Something that ex-plosive, that serious, shouldn’t be shoved into debate at the very last minute. Here is the thing. The way in which the substance is revealed does not change the substance. Yet it may give you reason to be angry about the way in which it was made known. It may make you suspicious of the motiva-tions of the person who did it, but the method doesn’t alter the substance. The substance is Dr. Ford’s very cred-ible account of a sexual assault carried out against her by somebody who wants to be on the Supreme Court. Let me be clear. There is no reason not to believe Dr. Ford. Plenty of Re-publicans admitted to this after she came before the committee. She dis-closed the incident well before Kavanaugh was nominated. She was composed, credible, and thoughtful in her testimony. Why on Earth would she put herself and her family through this horror if not because she is telling the truth? Though I believed Dr. Ford, you frankly don’t even have to be sure she is telling the truth to decide the risk of nominating someone with these kinds of serious charges swirling around them is an unnecessary burden for this body or the judicial system to bear. If there is a chance he did these things, just move on to the next eligible con-servative candidate. These charges bother me greatly. What truly shook me about Kavanaugh’s testimony and the speech-es many of my Republican colleagues have delivered on this floor since is the idea proffered by Judge Kavanaugh that these charges are simply a result of a Clinton-connected liberal con-spiracy theory. Let me read for you what he actually said last Thursday. 
When I did at least okay enough at the hearing that it looked like I might actually get confirmed, a new tactic was needed. Some of you were lying in wait and had it ready. 
He then went on to allege: 
The whole 2-week effort has been a cal-culated and orchestrated political hit, fueled with apparent pent-up anger about President Trump and the 2016 election, fear that had been stoked about my judicial record, re-venge on behalf of the Clintons. 
Come on. Listen, I am telling you that I don’t like how this information was released to the press. I am not try-ing to be a blind partisan here, but to believe and then to publicly claim that this is some larger organized effort by Democrats who purposefully held back this allegation until the last minute is to reveal to America your true polit-ical bias. There was no conspiracy. There was no orchestrated smear campaign. Lis-ten, if that was our MO, why didn’t we use it on Neil Gorsuch, when there was even more anger on our side because that was the seat that should have been Merrick Garland’s. Why didn’t we use fake allegations of sexual mis-conduct against the President’s Cabi-net nominees, who engendered much more grassroots anger in early 2017 than Brett Kavanaugh did in the sum-mer and fall of 2018? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.021 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6522 October 4, 2018 
It just doesn’t make sense because it is made up. There are zero facts behind it, and for a nominee to the Supreme Court to believe such a far-fetched story and then to angrily warn Demo-crats that ‘‘what goes around comes around,’’ is one of the most astonishing unveilings of political bias that I have ever witnessed from a nominee asking for the support of the Senate. That has serious long-term consequences for us as a republic, because it used to matter that in the midst of all of our political heated debates here, there were at least nine people in America whom Americans could credibly believe didn’t care about our usually petty political partisan fights. There were nine people that Americans could believe were above it all. Now we are on the verge of perhaps sending someone to the Supreme Court who called Democrats ‘‘embarrass-ments’’ and who warned his political opponents menacingly that we will reap what we sow. I don’t really know what that means, but I am sure that I know that I don’t want a nominee to the Supreme Court saying anything like that. Now, the fight over the Kennedy seat was going to be controversial and con-tentious. There is no way around that, but it didn’t need to go down like this. It didn’t need to divide this country. It didn’t need to marginalize victims and to politicize the Supreme Court, like this nomination has. Add to the conspiratorial beliefs the hatred that was oozing from him to-ward Democrats that day and the like-lihood that this nominee was also lying over and over about, at the very least, relatively small things for which he had really little reason not to tell the truth. I am sorry. I know this sounds triv-ial, talking about things like a devil’s triangle or boofing, but is it really not too much to ask, to expect that a nominee for the most important court in the world tell you the truth even about the small embarrassing stuff? Even if you don’t believe Dr. Ford, I just don’t know why you would want to put somebody on the Supreme Court who has a habit of fibbing. This is the Supreme Court. So I guess, for me, it comes down to this question, which I think is a really, really important one: Why did Repub-licans stick with Brett Kavanaugh, given all of this, when Republicans could have just sent him back to the President and brought before this body another really conservative judge who would have regularly sided with the right side of the Court? This process isn’t a trial. It is a job interview. Not a single one of us would hire someone into our office if credible allegations like this were attached to that person or if they conducted them-selves in an in-person interview the way that Brett Kavanaugh did on Thursday. Seriously, think of that. Not a single Senator would willingly hire a person with these questions sur-rounding him or her, but we are here with a vote pending in a matter of hours. Now, I just came from that secure briefing room where I was force-fed a half-baked FBI investigation that I was told I had to read and digest in no more than an hour. It was humiliating. I felt like I was 9 years old. But that humiliation was sort of the capstone for me on explaining why we are still moving forward on Brett Kavanaugh. At least it helped me to fill out the details of my theory of the case, and I will end here. Listen, I get it that it is really hard to be a Republican today, and I mean that sincerely. The things that the Re-publican Party used to stand for have been obliterated by this President. The Grand Old Party has become the party of Trump. There is only a thread of unifying ideology left between this ad-ministration and congressional Repub-licans. Republicans are much more so organized now around a kind of cult of personality. I know that many of my Republican colleagues are really un-comfortable about this. Without this unifying set of ideas that can bind together the President and congressional Republicans, I fear that you are using this nomination to cling to the one thing left that you can agree on, and that is the methodical complete domination of your political opponents. On social media they call it ‘‘owning the libs,’’ because why else would you stick with this nominee other than just because you want to shove down the throats of Democrats this deeply flawed nominee? Why else would you try to railroad through his nomination without a background check, and then, when you are forced to do one, humiliate us all by giving us 60 minutes to review what turned out to be a product that raises more ques-tions than it answered? I wish the answer was that you all think that Brett Kavanaugh is worth it. He is just that important a jurist, that serious a thinker to do whatever it takes to get him on the Court, but I don’t think that is what Republicans believe. So we are left searching for the real reason why we are having a vote tomorrow. I don’t hate my Republican col-leagues. I don’t have any interest in dominating them or getting my way just to get my way, and I wish I could explain this process, especially over the last few weeks, through any other prism than the desire by Republican leadership to simply bury Democrats into the ground. I hate the way this has played out. I hate the lateness of the revelation. I hate the rush job of an investigation. I hate the inability to recognize that none of us, Democrats or Republicans, are obligated to stand by a nominee that has real questions about his his-tory and his impartiality just because the President likes him. This is not right. None of this is right, and the elevation of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, filled with hatred toward Democrats and our allies, surrounded by legiti-mate questions about his fitness for of-fice, is totally unnecessary, even to try to accomplish the political aims of my Republican friends in the majority. In the end, most importantly, the way in which this has been done is deeply, deeply hurtful to the unity of our great Nation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, last week, millions of people were glued to their screens as Dr. Christine Blasey Ford testified before the Senate Judici-ary Committee. Dr. Ford’s account of the most traumatic event of her life was harrowing. The pain of retelling this story was evident, and she did it for no personal gain whatsoever. In fact, her life has been turned upside down as a result of her decision to come forward. The courage she showed is remarkable. Dr. Ford’s testimony was credible and compelling. I believe Dr. Ford. Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony was very different. He spent more than 40 minutes ranting, raving, and pedaling fact-free partisan conspiracy theories, and then he proceeded to insult Sen-ators, to scream at the people who had the nerve to question him. He evaded some questions and gave obviously false answers to others. It was a per-formance that would have been right at home on talk radio or in a Republican primary campaign or at a Donald Trump rally, but it was delivered by a judge who is asking the Senate to con-firm him to a lifetime appointment to a completely nonpolitical position as the swing vote on the U.S. Supreme Court. It is the job of the Senate to decide whether or not to confirm Judge Kavanaugh. Senators must vote yes or vote no on elevating him to a lifetime appointment on the Federal bench. It is not a criminal trial. Nobody is enti-tled to a lifetime appointment on the Supreme Court. If he is not confirmed, Brett Kavanaugh would still be serving as a Federal judge on the second high-est court in the United States, and the President, I am sure, will nominate an-other candidate for this job. For these reasons, I believe that Dr. Ford’s credible allegations and Judge Kavanaugh’s partisan, venomous rants are sufficient reasons to vote no on his nomination. Now, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle saw the same hearing. They watched Dr. Ford sit through hours of testimony. They heard her when she clearly and unequivocally said she was 100 percent sure that Brett Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her, and they watched Judge Kavanaugh dem-onstrate to the world that he lacks the temperament and the truthfulness to sit on the Nation’s highest Court. For those Senators who don’t care that Judge Kavanaugh thinks the mul-tiple sexual assault allegations he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.023 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6523 October 4, 2018 
faces must be ‘‘revenge on behalf of the Clintons,’’ who simply aren’t sure whether those credible allegations are a sufficient reason to vote no, and who would like to see more evidence, the sensible course of action has always been obvious—a serious, nonpartisan FBI investigation to uncover the truth as best we can to make sure we are as informed as we can be before we have to vote. But that is not what has hap-pened. First, instead of taking Dr. Ford seri-ously, M
ITCH MCCONNELL scheduled a committee vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination the next day. He suspended the Senate vote only when it became clear that Republicans wouldn’t have the votes they needed if they tried to ram the nomination through the Sen-ate right at that moment. Then the President offered the small-est fig leaf of an FBI investigation. Now, I have just come from the secure room where the summaries of FBI interviews and other FBI-generated documents were made available. Senators have been muzzled. So I will now say three things that committee staff has explained are permissible to say without violating committee rules—statements that I have also independently verified as accurate. One, this was not a full and fair in-vestigation. It was sharply limited in scope and did not explore the relevant confirming facts. Two, the available documents do not exonerate Mr. Kavanaugh. Three, the available documents con-tradict statements Mr. Kavanaugh made under oath. I would like to back up these three points with explicit statements from the FBI documents—explicit state-ments that should be available for the American people to see, but the Repub-licans have locked the documents be-hind closed doors with no plans to in-form the American public of any new information about the Kavanaugh nomination. The Kavanaugh nomination was a sham, and that is the President’s fault because the President is the one who limited the scope of this investigation, who refused to allow it to continue for more than a few days, and who refused to ensure that the FBI completed a thorough investigation, including interviews with all relevant witnesses. The statements the President made about the scope of the investigation were false. If that wasn’t bad enough, the President has viciously attacked Dr. Ford for bravely coming forward to tell her story. How could any Senator accept this sham? It is clear the fix is in. Republicans want to confirm Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, and they will ig-nore, suppress, or shout down any in-convenient facts that might give the American people pause about this nom-ination. Republicans are playing poli-tics with the Supreme Court, and they are willing to step on anyone, includ-ing the victim of a vicious sexual as-sault in order to advance their agenda. Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the highest Court in our country is the results of a decades-long assault of our Judiciary, launched by billionaires and giant corporations who want to control every branch of government. For years, those wealthy and well-con-nected people have invested massive sums of money into shaping our courts to fit their liking. Working in partner-ship with their Republican buddies in Congress, they have executed a two- part campaign to capture our courts. Part 1: Stop fair-minded, mainstream judges from getting confirmed to serve on the Federal courts. Part 2: Flood Federal courts with narrow-minded, pro-corporate individ-uals who will tilt the courts in favor of the rich and powerful and against women, workers, people of color, low- income Americans, LGBTQ individuals, people with disabilities, Native Ameri-cans, students, and everyone who doesn’t have money or power right here in Washington. With Trump in the White House and Congress controlled by Republicans, the wealthy and well-connected have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to con-trol our courts for the next generation. During his Presidential campaign, President Trump made it clear that rightwing, pro-corporate groups would not only have a voice in selecting Su-preme Court Justices, they would get to handpick their favorites. So those groups handed him a list of their top picks for the Supreme Court, and President Trump has picked judges ex-clusively from that list. His most recent selection is Judge Brett Kavanaugh. There are a lot of reasons to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. I want to discuss three of them: His record, the broken and bi-ased confirmation process, and the al-legations of sexual assault. Let’s start with Judge Kavanaugh’s record. Judge Kavanaugh has spent 12 years on the DC Circuit Court. His rul-ings demonstrate why radical, right-wing groups and their friends in the Senate are so eager to give him a seat on the Supreme Court. Pick an issue— almost any issue—and there is ample reason to be alarmed. One is a woman’s right to make her own healthcare decisions. When the Trump administration sought to block a young immigrant woman’s right to access abortion care, Judge Kavanaugh sided with the government, claiming that allowing the woman, who had done everything necessary to obtain access to an abortion, should be further delayed in obtaining that care—a delay that would likely have prevented her from obtaining an abortion. When religious organizations chal-lenged the contraceptive care require-ment of the Affordable Care Act, Judge Kavanaugh again opposed access to re-productive care, arguing that requiring religious nonprofits to submit a simple form allowing them to opt out of pro-viding comprehensive contraceptive coverage but ensuring that the employ-ees had access to that care was uncon-stitutional. On consumer protection, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the agen-cy that stands up for Americans cheat-ed by corporate criminals, is unconsti-tutional. On environmental safety, he has ruled to overturn the rules that help keep dangerous toxins out of the air we breathe and the water we drink. On voting rights, he upheld South Carolina’s discriminatory voter ID laws. On gun safety, he dissented from an opinion upholding an assault weapons ban and a gun registration require-ment. In speeches on gun safety, he ad-mitted that most lower court judges disagree with his extreme position on the Second Amendment. On money in politics, he wrote an opinion that would permit foreign indi-viduals to spend unlimited sums of money on issue ads in the U.S. elec-tions. Oh, and when it comes to Presi-dential power and the rule of law, Judge Kavanaugh believes that sitting Presidents shouldn’t be subjected to personal, civil, or criminal investiga-tions while they are in office. That is very convenient for the current occu-pant of the Oval Office. That is just the part of Judge Kavanaugh’s record that we know about, and that raises the second rea-son Judge Kavanaugh should not be confirmed to the Supreme Court: the secretive process that Republicans have used to advance his nomination. From the moment President Trump an-nounced Judge Kavanaugh’s nomina-tion, Republicans have worked over-time to get him on the Supreme Court without giving Senators—or the Amer-ican people—a meaningful opportunity to examine his full record. Senate Republicans have played an elaborate game of ‘‘hide the ball’’ at every step of this process. Judge Kavanaugh spent many years in gov-ernment, but the Republicans have re-fused even to request hundreds of thou-sands of documents from his time in service. They have designated other documents as ‘‘committee confiden-tial’’ to hide them from the public. To top it off, just days before Judge Kavanaugh was scheduled to come be-fore the Senate Judiciary Committee, a Bush White House attorney an-nounced that over 100,000 documents from Judge Kavanaugh’s time in the White House Counsel’s Office would be withheld on the basis of constitutional privilege. A few years ago, President Obama nominated Elena Kagan to the Su-preme Court. Like Judge Kavanaugh, she had served in public office. Unlike the Kavanaugh confirmation process, the Kagan process included the release of nearly every document related to her time in service. In fact, no one has found an example of so much of a nomi-nee’s record in government being hid-den from the Senate and hidden from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.024 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6524 October 4, 2018 
the public as in Judge Kavanaugh’s case. The rushed and secretive process that has characterized Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination raises this question: What is he hiding? Why doesn’t he insist that his record be made public? Why doesn’t he want a full investigation of the sex-ual assault claims made against him? Why won’t Republicans insist on trans-parency and a meaningful investiga-tion? Evidently, neither Judge Kavanaugh nor the Senate Republicans care about the facts. Judge Kavanaugh has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple women. Dr. Christine Blasey Ford and Deborah Ramirez shared their stories of sexual assault at the hands of Judge Kavanaugh and risked their safety and the safety of their families to do so. Instead of making sure that these al-legations are thoroughly investigated so the Senators and the public can make judgments based on facts, Repub-licans launched a campaign to attack and discredit these courageous women. Donald Trump openly mocked Dr. Ford at a political rally, and the Repub-licans have made clear that their one and only goal is to get Judge Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court. In fact, just last week, M
ITCH MCCONNELL  told a group of conservatives: ‘‘Don’t get rattled by all of this. We’re going to plow right through it.’’ Plow right through it? Really? Americans are tired of the powerful plowing right through everyone else to get what they want. There is a reason that so many women and men have come out in droves to support Dr. Ford and Ms. Ramirez. It is because people are tired of being ignored and silenced. Judge Kavanaugh and his Republican sponsors don’t want to talk about the facts in this case. But let’s talk about a few other facts. Over 80 percent of women and 40 percent of men have ex-perienced sexual harassment or as-sault; 7 out of 10 sexual assaults are committed by someone the victim knows. The vast majority of sexual as-saults—about two out of three—are never reported to the police. Why? Be-cause survivors fear retaliation or they believe that the police will not or can’t do anything to help or they think it is a personal matter or they confide in someone other than the police or they believe it is not serious enough to re-port or they don’t want to get the per-petrator in trouble. Last week, as Dr. Ford testified be-fore Congress, the National Sexual As-sault Hotline saw a 147-percent in-crease in calls from people seeking help. We have a problem of sexual har-assment and sexual violence in Amer-ica. The problem isn’t that too many victims are coming forward with fab-ricated stories to destroy someone’s life; it is that too many survivors are afraid to come forward at all. They believe they will not be heard or taken seriously or they think more about the impact on the perpetrator than their own safety and well-being or they think that people with power—the ones who can actually do something— will instead ‘‘plow right through’’ them. We never hear the stories of millions of sexual assault survivors. But some make the very difficult and very per-sonal decision to come forward and tell their stories. They, like all survivors, are courageous, and they deserve to be heard and treated with respect—not dismissed, not attacked, not threat-ened. The record, the process, the allega-tions—whichever way you slice this— should lead to only one result: Mem-bers of this Chamber should vote no on Judge Kavanaugh. Our country de-serves better. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, first let me begin by saying this: I believe Dr. Christine Blasey Ford. Her raw courage in coming forward will change the national culture and discussion. She has given voice to mil-lions of women and men who are sur-vivors of sexual assault, who are afraid to tell their stories, who felt powerless. Some of these women have contacted my office with their own stories. I have read them and they are heart-wrench-ing. At its core, sexual assault is a crime of power. Dr. Ford has confronted some of the most powerful in our Nation and told the truth. I thank her for her cour-age in coming forward and for empow-ering other survivors to do the same. At this point, with so much un-known, there are serious consequences to elevating Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. We the Senate need to continue our search for the truth about this nomi-nee, his background, and his record, and, hopefully, we can do that in a bi-partisan way. Yet everything about the nomination process for this nominee has been deep-ly flawed, from the President’s out-sourcing the nomination to the Fed-eralist Society, to the majority lead-er’s violating his own new rule to delay consideration of a Supreme Court nominee until after an upcoming elec-tion, to a highly partisan lawyer’s screening Judge Kavanaugh’s docu-ments for public disclosure instead of the nonpartisan National Archives staff, to the Judiciary chair’s rush to hearings, even though only 7 percent of Judge Kavanaugh’s record is in the public domain. What are they trying to hide? I think we have a pretty good idea. Finally, and most disturbing, are the President’s and the majority’s inexcus-able treatment of the brave women who have come forward with allega-tions of sexual assault and misconduct against the nominee. The Republican leaders claim to want to hear the alle-gations of sexual assault has been nothing but a cynical show for public consumption. The #MeToo movement forced them to open the floor to Dr. Ford, but her testimony was never really going to matter to President Trump and the Re-publican leadership. The majority lead-er made that clear when he bragged to an audience of the religious right be-fore her hearing: ‘‘In the very near fu-ture, Judge Kavanaugh will be on the U.S. Supreme Court.’’ Republican leaders questioned why the allegations did not come forward sooner. Yet the reasons survivors of sexual assault often don’t come for-ward are well documented and well un-derstood, and they did everything they could to undermine getting to the truth of Dr. Ford’s allegations—from refusing to honor her request for an FBI investigation prior to her hearing to severely limiting the Democrats’ time for questions of Judge Kavanaugh before the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, to refusing to call other key witnesses, like Mark Judge, Deborah Ramirez, and others, and to put them under oath. It is absolutely stunning that all 11 Republicans on the com-mittee abdicated their responsibilities and ducked public scrutiny by bringing in a female prosecutor to do their job and question Dr. Ford. It is just plain political cowardice, and women in New Mexico and around the country are watching. Again, after hearing her testimony and reviewing the record, I believe Dr. Ford. It is worth noting that no Repub-lican Senator has said she is not cred-ible. Not a single one has said she is not credible. The majority whip stated: ‘‘I found no reason to find her not cred-ible.’’ The President found her testimony ‘‘very compelling’’ and that she was a ‘‘very credible witness.’’ Although, true to form, the President changed po-litical course and insulted and mocked her in front of a laughing crowd and television cameras—yet another shameful new low for the President’s treatment of women. Dr. Ford’s testimony was all the more compelling because she was able to expertly explain how the memory of the assault was seared in her hippo-campus by neurotransmitters that were released in response to the at-tack. Her memory of her assailant is fully intact. It insults Dr. Ford and survivors generally to say, like Repub-licans have, that they believe some-thing happened to her but that it was not Brett Kavanaugh. Dr. Ford is not mixed up, and con-trary to what the Republicans would tell you, there is strong corroborating evidence behind her allegations. Years before this nomination, she had told her husband, a therapist, and friends of the attack, and her polygraph exam-ination supports her truthfulness. Her story even matches an entry in Judge Kavanaugh’s calendar in a number of ways, identifying the attendees she would have no reason to know. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.025 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6525 October 4, 2018 
There is a narrow window in which it is possible that both Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh are telling the truth, and that is if Judge Kavanaugh does not remember it as a result of his con-sumption of alcohol that evening. Yet Judge Kavanaugh’s performance during the supplemental hearing, while loud and angry, was not convincing. You can’t find Dr. Ford’s testimony cred-ible and, at the same time, push to put Judge Kavanaugh on the Court. The burden of proof for a lifetime ap-pointment to our highest Court is not ‘‘beyond a reasonable doubt.’’ The Sen-ate and the American people must have a high degree of certainty that there was no sexual assault and that the nominee didn’t lie about it under oath. We have no certainty on either count. The supplemental hearing brought Judge Kavanaugh’s overall credibility even further into question. While he denied reports of heavy alcohol use during high school and college, there are abundant reports in the press and statements from many eyewitnesses to the contrary. Numerous acquaintances, even friends, have come forward with information that he often drank to ex-cess during these years. His own year-book quotes allude to—brag about— heavy drinking and exploits with girls. With all of these accounts of heavy drinking from an array of different credible sources who have nothing to gain by coming forward, it is hard to believe there is no truth to them. Evidence of excessive drinking and inappropriate behavior as a teenager and young adult is not disqualifying in and of itself, but misleading Congress and the American people about it is. Most troubling is that there was al-ready evidence before us that Judge Kavanaugh was not being fully truth-ful. We know that when Judge Kavanaugh worked as a White House lawyer under George W. Bush, Senate Republican Judiciary staff stole con-fidential information from Democratic Senators and staff and gave some of that stolen information to him. Under oath, Judge Kavanaugh denied that he knew the information was stolen, but if you read the email correspondence, it is nearly impossible to believe a so-phisticated political operative, like Brett Kavanaugh was, would not have understood that the information had been obtained surreptitiously. There are also valid concerns that Judge Kavanaugh, during his 2004 con-firmation hearing, misrepresented his involvement with the George W. Bush torture policy and with certain judicial nominations he handled as White House Counsel. His sworn testimony in 2004 and in the two recent hearings leaves me highly skeptical that Judge Kavanaugh has told the whole truth and nothing but the truth before Con-gress. I cannot support a nominee to the Supreme Court without there being a high degree of certainty that he or she has been 100-percent honest under oath. The integrity and reputation of the Supreme Court demand nothing less. The rushed Judiciary hearing with Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh was de-signed to appease and not to make sure the American people had all of the facts. Senator F
LAKE was right to stop the process and call for an FBI inves-tigation. He is right that this nomina-tion is tearing the country apart. The American people needed to know the truth. All relevant evidence should have been gathered and put before us. Senator F
LAKE is a friend, and I com-mend him for having stood up for what he thought was right, but an artifi-cially limited FBI investigation will do nothing to bring this country back to-gether. Justice could have only been served by having a full investigation, with the FBI being allowed to have done its job as it knows how to do it. With the results in of the FBI inves-tigation, it is clear that the President, with the Senate leadership in full sup-port, imposed arbitrary limits on the scope and length of the investigation. Dr. Ford was not spoken to. Her cor-roborating witnesses were not con-tacted. Her corroborating documents were not reviewed. There was no mean-ingful inquiry as to whether Judge Kavanaugh misrepresented his past al-cohol use, which also corroborates Dr. Ford’s story. Up to 40 witnesses tried to come forward, but FBI agents did not contact or interview them. While we can all read their statements in the newspapers, their information will not form part of the FBI’s investigation record. There was no bipartisan briefing at which Senators could ask FBI leaders about the adequacy of the investiga-tion. The FBI’s investigation was not allowed to be a real investigation. Given what is in the public record but was kept away from the FBI, it by no means exonerates Judge Kavanaugh. Without having had a real investiga-tion, the cloud of credible allegations remains. The President and Republican leaders were, simply, not on a search for the truth, only on a mad dash to get Judge Kavanaugh confirmed at any cost to the country. Folks, it is 2018. We are 27 years be-yond Clarence Thomas’ hearings. Yet credible claims of sexual assault against a nominee to the Supreme Court are not taken seriously by the President of the United States or by the Republicans in the U.S. Senate. The roughshod process orchestrated by the Senate majority and the President delegitimizes the claims of a woman who has been subject to sexual harass-ment and sexual assault, and it only serves to drive survivors underground. The kangaroo court-type process or-chestrated by the Senate majority and the President delegitimizes the Su-preme Court and will for decades to come. During the supplemental hearing, Judge Kavanaugh showed himself as partisan, belligerent, even paranoid, and lacking in judicial temperament. He rudely shot back at Senators, ask-ing them about their drinking habits. He accused Members of the minority of misdeeds for which he had no evidence. He blamed ‘‘revenge’’ by the Clintons for the predicament he was in. He lacked self-control, dignity, and the temperament of a Supreme Court Jus-tice. His partisanship and lack of polit-ical independence were on full display. I have never seen a nominee to a Fed-eral court, let alone the Supreme Court, behave in such an injudicious manner before the Senate. Under pres-sure, Judge Kavanaugh did not show himself worthy to appointment to the highest Court. This is not a partisan conspiracy as Judge Kavanaugh claimed. We saw no such allegations for Judge Gorsuch’s nomination—a judicial candidate who shared a similar judicial philosophy to Judge Kavanaugh’s and who, coinciden-tally, went to the same high school. There were no unsavory allegations against Judge Scalia or Judge Alito— two judges whom most Democrats vo-ciferously opposed based on their right-wing, pro-dark money ideology. Elevation to the Supreme Court for a lifetime appointment is not a right. It is a privilege. While the Republicans take great umbrage that Judge Kavanaugh’s reputation is at stake, the fact is we have before us credible allegations of sexual assault and sexual misconduct, and justice demands that he be called to answer to those allega-tions. He should not get a pass. I have reviewed Judge Kavanaugh’s decisions, writings, speeches, all of his testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, and the meager set of doc-uments made available when he served as a White House lawyer and as part of Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr’s investigation. On the merits, this nominee simply does not represent mainstream judicial thought. He is on the extreme edge. The American people want a Justice whose judicial philos-ophy falls within established param-eters, a Justice who is not on the far end of the ideological spectrum and who will not put his or her personal be-liefs before the text of the statute or the constitutional provision at issue. Even before the allegations of sexual assault and misconduct, the American people opposed this nomination in un-precedented numbers. I, like the Amer-ican people, have no confidence that this nominee will uphold our rights of privacy, a woman’s right to choose, and each individual’s right to marry whomever he or she wants. I have no confidence that this nominee will up-hold Americans’ rights to healthcare, consumers’ rights to a fair deal, or laws that protect our environment and combat climate change. I have no confidence that this nomi-nee will protect minorities’ rights and the rights of Native peoples, in par-ticular, or will uphold voting rights, will strike down gerrymandered voting districts, which undermine the prin-ciple of ‘‘one person, one vote,’’ or will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.027 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6526 October 4, 2018 
rein in dark money, which erodes our democracy, all while the Nation faces the distinct possibility that Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation will find evidence that the President or his campaign conspired with Russia to undermine the 2016 Presidential elec-tion, evidence that the President ob-structed the Special Counsel’s inves-tigation, or evidence of other crimes. I have absolutely no confidence that this nomination will hold the President to account if called to do so. Judge Kavanaugh is on record saying that, as a matter of policy, he believes a sitting President should be immune from criminal investigation while in office, no matter the crime. He has re-fused to tell the Senate and the Amer-ican people whether he believes that, as a matter of constitutional law, a sit-ting President may be investigated and indicted. I, for one, believe that under the Con-stitution, if a President commits a crime, the rule of law still stands and that the Constitution gives no immu-nity to a President who is a criminal. This nomination will shape the course of the Supreme Court—and American law and lives—for decades. We must have a nominee who has been fully vetted, who does not stand credibly accused of sexual assault, whose honesty before the Senate and the American people cannot be ques-tioned, whose judicial record fits with-in mainstream jurisprudence, and who believes that no one—not even the President—is above the law. Judge Kavanaugh is not that nomi-nee. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. KYL. Mr. President, this is the first time I have had the opportunity to address my colleagues on the Senate floor since I was appointed to fill the seat of our late friend and colleague John McCain. I appreciate the opportunity to speak on a matter of great importance, both to this body and to the people of the United States of America; namely, the confirmation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh as Associate Justice to the U.S. Supreme Court. I would like to address this in five general areas, beginning with a couple of preliminary areas of discussion. The first concerns my work right after I came to the Senate in 1995 to try to adopt a constitutional amend-ment for the victims of crimes. We called it a crime victims’ rights amendment. I had become acutely aware of the problems crime victims faced, especially those who have suf-fered some kind of sexual assault. Through personal interviews and dis-cussions with victims, victims’ rights groups, with prosecutors and others, with research and a great deal of read-ing and hearing from victims’ groups, law enforcement, and others, I became convinced that the only way we could guarantee the rights of these victims and bring justice to them would be through the adoption of the constitu-tional amendment doing so. I worked with Senator D
IANNE FEIN-
STEIN . The two of us joined together in this effort, and we spent countless hours and many months trying to per-suade our colleagues that this was the way to proceed. Eventually, we were able to get legis-lation through the Senate, which es-tablished a Federal law rather than a constitutional amendment. This Fed-eral law—which is now embodied in 18 U.S.C. 3771—has provided some support to victims of Federal crime and, as im-portantly, a template for States to de-velop their own statutes and constitu-tional amendments to provide rights to victims. As a result of all of this, I am well aware of the issues like the delay or nonreporting of assaults by crime vic-tims, and I very much appreciate the need to be lenient in evaluating the testimony of such victims. Rights, like the need to attend pro-ceedings and to address the court at the time of sentencing and to be noti-fied of these rights, were included in the statute we got adopted. Those rights are now part of a majority of the States in the Union, either in statute or the Constitution. The recognition of the rightful role of victims in our criminal justice sys-tem cannot only help provide courage and closure to victims of sexual as-sault, it thereby also helps prosecutors gain critical testimony for their cases so that more of the perpetrators could be brought to justice. There are some insensitive people who are not aware of the difficulties faced by victims of sexual abuse, and you have heard some of them speak publicly. What is not true is that all men are ignorant of the problem. Senator F
EINSTEIN and I met many men in the victims’ rights movement who are extraordinarily helpful and un-derstanding. I don’t ask anyone to es-tablish their bona fides to speak to any of these issues, and I would hope none would question mine. To the second point, some have asked me about my time in helping Judge Kavanaugh as a so-called sherpa. This was part of the early process of his con-firmation process, where he was inter-viewed by a majority of the Senators and tried to answer their questions and to also respond to requests for informa-tion and the like. Just before his nomination was an-nounced by the President, Don McGahn, the White House Counsel, called me in Arizona and asked if I would serve as the sherpa for the nomi-nee—a person to get him around the Senate, introduce him to the Senators, follow up on any questions, and so on. I agreed to do that, and I also partici-pated in some of the hearing prepara-tion. This all occurred in about a 5- week period of time. During this time, I was employed part time at a Washington, DC, law firm. I want to be clear that my assist-ance to Judge Kavanaugh was on my own time, free of charge, and in no way connected to the firm or any client of the firm. It was not a pro bono matter because I actually didn’t represent Judge Kavanaugh. It was simply to help him prepare for his hearing and to get him around the Senate to meet the Senators and to talk to them. After about 5 weeks of this, roughly, I was appointed by Arizona’s Governor to Senator McCain’s seat in the Sen-ate, and I immediately resigned from the firm and all other remunerative po-sitions and ceased working with Judge Kavanaugh. I should also mention that during this time, I performed no lob-bying work for my law firm or for any clients of the firm, and I so notified the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House. Finally, at no time during my work with Judge Kavanaugh did any allega-tion of sexual impropriety arise. The Ford allegation came after, and noth-ing like that was discussed in my pres-ence during my work with him. As I said, some have asked me ques-tions about this. I hope that satisfies their inquiries. I also want to conclude this part of the presentation by saying that having sat through over 50 interviews, hearing the questions asked of him and his re-sponses—many of them repetitious— and helping him to prepare for his hearing, I really believe I have a very good idea of how he would conduct himself as an Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. After all, that is the most important question before us. The third area of inquiry gets to Judge Kavanaugh as Justice Kavanaugh. The first thing to do is to examine his qualifications and his ex-perience. Ordinarily, this is where we begin in our inquiry to provide advice and consent to the President after a person has been nominated. He is a graduate of Yale Law School, had clerkships on both the Ninth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals and the U.S. Su-preme Court under Justice Kennedy. He has been described as ‘‘wicked smart’’ and extraordinarily hard-work-ing. He went over this on numerous oc-casions, discussing his early service on the Court of Appeals, where he wanted to emulate Judge Merrick Garland, whom he had heard something about. Merrick Garland is a prodigious worker by reputation, and Judge Kavanaugh saw that and tried his best to follow in Judge Garland’s footsteps in that regard. He has had a huge output in cases. I believe he has 312 written opinions over his 12 years on the bench. In addition to that, outside of the court, he wrote law review articles, speeches, and gave many presentations to groups. He also lectures at the Harvard Law School. Regarding his previous experience, it also includes, as we know, previous ex-perience on the executive branch, both as a lawyer and as an assistant to the President. All of this, by the way, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.028 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6527 October 4, 2018 
was required to undergo six separate FBI checks. His qualifications have been reviewed by the American Bar Association, which is just one entity that looks at judicial nominees and is generally deemed to be an organization that studies records. It goes into depth interviewing people, and they con-cluded he had the top rating, ‘‘well qualified,’’ to serve on the Supreme Court. As some have described, he is a judge’s judge. He is a real standout on the bench. People would have been sur-prised if he were not someday nomi-nated to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. He has also been recommended by law professors, students, former clerks, and hundreds of people who have writ-ten letters on his behalf. I note that many of these are liberals or Demo-crats. They are not necessarily con-servatives or Republicans. He is well regarded by virtually everyone who has had connection with him either in his professional or as a member of the Bench. The next question we go to in evalu-ating a nominee to a court is their ju-dicial philosophy—how do they ap-proach the job of judging? How will they decide cases? I first want to say what Judge Kavanaugh is not, and he made this crystal clear in the many meetings in which I sat with him talking with the Senators. He is not a results-oriented judge. When parties come before the court, he doesn’t decide whom he wants to win and then figure out a way to help that party win the case. That is not the right way to evaluate a case before the court, and he is not that kind of judge. He is a judge who wants to apply the law in the right way and to reach the decision the law requires based upon precedent, based upon the way the Con-stitution or—if appropriate—statutes are to be interpreted in order to reach the right result in the case. One of my colleagues on the Judici-ary Committee I think got us off on the wrong foot or tried to get us off on the wrong foot in this regard. He came to one of the hearings with a presen-tation on how many times Judge Kavanaugh allegedly ruled for corpora-tions over individuals and concluded this was an important factor in deter-mining whether Judge Kavanaugh should sit on the Supreme Court. I think this illustrates the mindset of many: Whom did you rule for, rather than how did you rule in the case? This is totally wrong, and it is irrelevant to the way judges should decide cases. Theoretically, if 10 plaintiffs bring 10 spurious lawsuits against 10 different corporations and the courts rule for the corporations in those cases, it proves exactly nothing. That is why we shouldn’t focus on who wins the cases but rather on whether they were de-cided based upon proper legal prin-ciples, on precedent, and on the way courts are supposed to approach cases—on facts and the law. In the meetings that I sat in on, Judge Kavanaugh went to great pains to describe how he approaches a case. He begins by looking at the text of the Constitution for any relevant statutes. He begins applying the law, as judges are supposed to do, in interpreting those constitutional provisions and statutes. In the process of doing this, he uses the same principles other judges do. In just a moment, I will mention what some of those principles are. I mentioned the fact that some of my colleagues have focused on whom he has ruled for in cases. Bear in mind that as a member of the U.S. Court of Appeals, he sits with two other judges, so the three judges decide the cases, not just one—although, a case can be decided by a 2-to-1 vote. Some of my colleagues have said, well, they are concerned that because he served in an administration for a President and be-cause of something he once wrote for a law review article, they fear he would want to rule for the President and against other parties if a lawsuit in-volved the question of Executive power—how much authority does the President of the United States enjoy. I think that is wrong, based upon his ex-planation of all of his decisions and what he has written on the subject. I think it is very clear that he has no predilections in this regard, and that he believes strongly in the separation of powers as set forth in the U.S. Con-stitution; he holds no special place for the President above the other two branches of government. One of the cases he cites to dem-onstrate this fact is a case that didn’t please me, and the outcome certainly didn’t please his old boss, President Bush, because he ruled against Presi-dent Bush. Instead, he ruled for Osama bin Laden’s assistant and driver. The reason he did that is that individual— as bad as he may be, as evil as he may be—was not accorded proper constitu-tional rights as guaranteed under our Constitution, and he had to reach the result he did because of that. As I said, I didn’t like the outcome, and I am sure his previous boss, President Bush, didn’t either. But it illustrates the fact that he is not going to blindly rule for the President, even in a case where the equities would seem to favor what the President was trying to do in this case; that is, to ensure that Osama bin Laden’s colleagues were held to ac-count for their misdeeds. So the bottom line here is that it is not who wins and loses that matters; it is whether the law is applied fairly and correctly. Now, how do we know whether it is correctly applied? Obviously, judges will differ sometimes, and each case is going to be decided on its own merits. The question of how one judges is real-ly the key to this. I said I would get to this. Here is just a little bit of a discussion of how cases should be decided, how judges should approach these decisions, and how I believe Judge Kavanaugh will. It is based on legal rules and prin-ciples that have been long established and written up and followed by courts throughout the ages. The law is lit-erally full of these rules—basically, the ‘‘how to’’ for judges to decide difficult cases. Most judges know and apply these rules fairly and systematically. They don’t try to make up new rules or deliberately fudge the facts or twist the rules in order to reach a desired re-sult. I kind of liken it to the instructions that come with those dreaded packages that say ‘‘some assembly required.’’ That is always a sign that I need to get my wife involved rather than for me to do it myself because I don’t follow di-rections very well. But failure to follow the steps in that case can lead to some pretty bad results, as a couple of lawn chairs I put together will attest to. The question here is, a judge should have a clear view of how he approaches each case, the steps that he follows to decide them. But sometimes cases pro-vide ambiguities and difficult decisions that make it especially difficult to apply the usual rules. In these cases, the question is whether a judge will be tempted to guess what the right proce-dure is or to try to reach an outcome that he has predetermined he wants to reach, as opposed to applying other commonsense principles. It is true that sometimes laws are ambiguous, and they require some in-terpretation. I have seen Judge Kavanaugh address this precise ques-tion and go over decision after decision that he has made, showing how he ap-proaches cases like this. I can tell you, first of all, he tries to get his col-leagues to agree, if a reading of a stat-ute is not really all that ambiguous, to say: Look, if you find my reading of the statute persuasive, then that should be it. We can end the inquiry. We don’t have to find ambiguity in every single thing because when ambi-guity is found, obviously, judges are not as tethered to the law as they would otherwise be. He is very aware of this, and he has tried very hard, I think, to reach the right conclusion based upon the proper application of the law. I am not going to go into all of those judicial rules; we have heard precedent and statutory interpretation and the like. But I will say that having heard him describe his approach to numerous cases, I am convinced that he will, as a Justice on the Supreme Court, apply the law in the same way that he has during his 12 years as a member of the court of appeals. He describes his approach to judging in a way that some have called strict construction or textualism, which I think is really not much more than giving a preference to the written text of either the Constitution in cases where constitutional interpretation is the question or statutes in cases where statutes have to be interpreted. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.030 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6528 October 4, 2018 
approach to judging is the method-ology that is used more and more today by judges, and it tries to avoid substituting the judge’s notions of how things should come out and sub-stituting the judge’s discretion as op-posed to carefully reading the text of the Constitution or the statute as ei-ther the Founding Fathers or the Con-gress, in the case of a statute, has writ-ten it. As I said, during his many interviews and hearing him explain his approach, I believe he has given us a very good idea as to how he would approach cases in the future. As I said, while there are one or two areas that some of my col-leagues have raised questions about, I have no doubt at all that he is an ex-traordinarily knowledgeable and very wise judge who will do what he is sup-posed to do on the Supreme Court to apply the law fairly and correctly. I also believe something else. I be-lieve that he is going to work very hard to find consensus on the Court. We all hear about 5-to-4 decisions, and they don’t make us feel good because it illustrates how judges can differ, and sometimes it demonstrates an ideolog-ical division on the Court, which we would hope to avoid. He would like to work with his colleagues to try to come to more consensus decisions than to have these kinds of split decisions. He really loves the law, and you know that when you talk to him, and he is really committed to making it work. Another critical factor for a judge— and we frequently refer to it, as it has been referred to on the floor here—is what we call judicial temperament. This is especially important in district court judges where they appear before juries and where trials are actually held. You want the jurors in the case to understand the case well, to feel good about being there as jurors judging their fellow citizens, so judicial tem-perament is very important for the judges in those cases. But even on the court of appeals, one must have a judi-cial temperament that demonstrates to the parties and to the litigants that the judge is fair, that demonstrates to the lawyers involved that he can be re-spectful of them and fair to all of them, and that he can be congenial with his fellow judges on the court with whom he has to work every day and decide these cases. Until the second hearing for Judge Kavanaugh, following Professor Ford’s testimony, I don’t believe anybody really questioned Judge Kavanaugh’s judicial temperament. His 12 years on the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia revealed a very careful and courteous and engaged judge—fair to the parties, reasonable to the lawyers, and collegial to his colleagues. It was only when responding to the attacks on his character that he even showed much emotion. I believe that most hon-est observers would allow him some slack for that in view of the nature of the allegations against him. Much like the need to show some le-nience in evaluating the testimony of a victim of sexual assault, I think we can appreciate the role of emotion in his testimony. He apologized to the one Senator to whom he was rude. In my view, the best evidence of his tempera-ment as a judge is his temperament as a judge for the last 12 years. So as to judicial temperament, knowledge of the law, an approach to deciding cases, I believe few would doubt his qualifications to sit on the U.S. Supreme Court. That brings us to the fourth part of my presentation: the allegations of sexual misconduct against him. Do they amount to something that should disqualify him for serving on the Su-preme Court? I don’t think I need to detail here every allegation and every witness statement that has been in-volved in the investigation of these al-legations. In the recent hearing at which both Professor Ford and Judge Kavanaugh testified, I believe most observers saw both as presenting credible testimony, and I agree with that. That their recol-lections differ does not necessarily mean that either of them knowingly lied. We should neither automatically believe one over the other—she, be-cause her testimony was that she had been sexually abused, nor he, because he is a sitting Federal judge. As I said, each deserve some deference for the reasons that I have stated. But, if both are believable, we must still find a way to analyze the evidence to help us reach a conclusion on the issue before us: Should Judge Kavanaugh be con-firmed? Well, the best way to verify the alle-gations is through corroboration—evi-dence that backs up the accusations that have been made. While both Pro-fessor Ford and Deborah Ramirez have named individuals who they believe were present during the incidents of which they complained, none of those individuals would corroborate the ac-cusations. Some denied them; others had no recollection of such incidents. Some said, even so, they believe Judge Kavanaugh; at least one says the same as to Professor Ford. There does not appear to be any corroborative evi-dence. Professor Ford’s telling of her story later to others is not corroboration, but it does go to her credibility. That she did not report her incident earlier is not dispositive. Victims in similar situations frequently do not report for a number of reasons. The fact that her very good friend, allegedly at the party in question, and the only other girl present, according to Professor Ford, did not become aware of the accusa-tions that night, does raise some ques-tions. And that particular witness, de-spite her obvious friendship with Pro-fessor Ford, has continued to insist that she has no recollection of the party in question or of Brett Kavanaugh. I have either read all of the FBI notes or have had them read to me, and I have been briefed by the committee staff on all of the FBI and committee contacts. This includes the second round of FBI interviews. Contrary to what some have said, this process was not constrained. The FBI was not told not to interview certain people; they were, in fact, told to follow the leads, and I believe that they interviewed not just 4 witnesses but a total of 10 wit-nesses in this latest round of their interviews. After reading what I have read and being briefed on the remainder by com-mittee staff, I find nothing to verify the accusations against Judge Kavanaugh. He has unequivocally de-nied them, and having gotten to know him as I have, I conclude that he is not the proper subject of the accusations. Some have suggested that he must prove that he did not engage in the conduct alleged. It would be totally un-fair to place upon him the burden of proving a negative. This is ordinarily impossible. When you neither know the time nor place of the event alleged, you can’t disprove that you were there then—there, wherever it was—or then, whenever that was. In this particular case, for example, unless he can some-how show that he was in Europe the en-tire 3 months of the summer allegedly involved here or in some similar cir-cumstance, there is no way that he could prove a negative; namely, that he wasn’t there. It is true that the presumption of in-nocence applies in our courts, but the same notion of fair play applies in other aspects of our civic and social life. If a mere allegation of wrongdoing is enough to deny an applicant a job or otherwise discredit an individual for the rest of that person’s life, our soci-ety would be torn apart. This is why we have Constitutional rights, which em-body our notions of fair play in life generally. While this is not really a job inter-view as it has been described, even if it were and we were the prospective em-ployers, we would want to evaluate the qualifications—in this case of Judge Kavanaugh—including accusations of against him, and those accusations would not just be taken at face value, particularly as serious as they are and given the fact that he has unequivo-cally denied them. So I conclude that, under all of the circumstances, including the nature of the evidence brought forward and how that evidence would be proven to us, including how he has lived his adult life, and after seven FBI investigations now, it is more probable than not that the accusations against him are not true and therefore disqualifying for his nomination. That brings me to the fifth and final point of my discussion: lifelong consid-erations of suitability to serve. I noted the qualifications for judges, their judicial temperament, the way they approach judging cases, their record of writing opinions, what they have said and how they have said it— that is the first thing we look at, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.031 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6529 October 4, 2018 
we also look at the whole person, and that is an appropriate thing to do. So let’s look at Judge Kavanaugh’s whole person. First of all, I would like to note some things that I think are not relevant to his competence to serve on the Su-preme Court but which we have heard a lot about. Not relevant are Judge Bork, Justice Thomas, Judge Garland, or ar-guments about who started the un-seemly process we are in now. By the way, let me just as an aside here note that in one of the interviews with a Senator, the interview started as follows: Judge Kavanaugh, glad you came in today, but I can tell you that this is going to be very, very hard be-cause of what happened to Judge Gar-land. Well, you can have your views as to whether Judge Garland was treated fairly or not, but that should have no bearing on the qualifications of Judge Kavanaugh to be confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court. Other not relevant things are com-ments from the President of the United States, including unfair comments about Professor Ford. Also not rel-evant is the outcome of this debate on elections or on President Trump’s fu-ture. Nor is this about punishing Judge Kavanaugh because some crime vic-tims have not previously received jus-tice. The most recent claim here now is about process. I think his qualifica-tions having been well established, now they are claiming that the process is lacking and is not fair. Obviously, what this is not about is whether the FBI was allowed to do its work, as I believe it was. The vote we will be casting tomorrow should not be a surrogate for some other agenda; it should be simply our judgment of Judge Kavanaugh’s fitness to serve on the Supreme Court, our ad-vice on and potential consent to his nomination by the President. As I said, having been with him in interviews, the majority of my col-leagues have otherwise gotten to know him. Having witnessed and learned of the esteem in which he is held by col-leagues, former law clerks, students, and professional friends, and being aware of his contributions to his com-munity, his country, his church, and his family, I conclude that he is immi-nently qualified to serve on the Su-preme Court and will serve the Nation well in the position of Associate Jus-tice. As I said, the best evidence of how he would perform as a Justice is how he has performed over the dozen years he has been a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. I urge my colleagues to focus on the question at hand, and I urge them to support Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s nom-ination to the Supreme Court. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The Senator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, tomor-row we will cast a very important vote on whether to end debate on the nomi-nation of Brett Kavanaugh to be an As-sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Should he be confirmed to this posi-tion of awesome responsibility, Judge Kavanaugh would be just one of nine people with the power to change the American Government and the Amer-ican way of life for at least a genera-tion. He would be hearing and deciding cases that touch all facets of our lives, including the healthcare we receive when the Texas case involving the Af-fordable Care Act’s individual mandate makes its way to the Supreme Court. This particular case is very important because if Texas wins, that means the ACA’s protections for those with pre-existing conditions—one out of four people in this country—would be done away with. The Supreme Court will also prob-ably get a lot of immigration cases and many cases about DACA, sanctuary sites, temporary protective status, and family separation that are pending in the lower courts, and also abortion, as courts weigh the burden imposed on a woman’s right to choose by laws lim-iting abortion in States like Texas, Iowa, and Louisiana. It doesn’t really matter? Of course it matters whether Roe v. Wade is overturned, but even if Roe v. Wade is not overturned, with Judge Kavanaugh’s record, all of these limiting laws by States that I just talked about will probably be sup-ported by him, and at some point, the right to an abortion that we have under Roe v. Wade will be pretty much a nullity. The Supreme Court will also be faced with cases that will address the right of workers to bargain collectively with their employers, as litigation comes up to the High Court in the wake of the Janus decision, and many other impor-tant topics, including voting rights, gerrymandering, the census, race-con-scious college admissions, and environ-mental laws. The Supreme Court’s decisions touch every aspect of American life. With so much at stake, the Senate has an obli-gation to closely scrutinize every nominee to the Supreme Court. We need to know that they have the quali-fications for the job. Do they have the proper education? Do they have the necessary breadth of experience? Will they treat everyone in the Court—in-cluding Court employees, law clerks, and lawyers—with an even tempera-ment? Can they keep their cool under pressure and make reasoned decisions when the stakes are high? Can they lis-ten to the facts and apply the law with-out fear or favor, or will they let the experiences they bring with them over-ride objective judgment? Will they in-sert their personal preferences where they don’t belong? We need to know if they can rule fairly. Will they give every litigant who comes before the Court a fair hearing? Will they ac-knowledge and put aside their biases, inherent and otherwise? These last two considerations are especially impor-tant because the Trump administration outsourced the vetting of Supreme Court nominees to the Federalist Soci-ety and the Heritage Foundation. These ultra-rightwing groups have spent decades supporting people like Brett Kavanaugh and their ideological, outcome-driven jurisprudence. After months of scrutinizing Judge Kavanaugh’s record and evaluating his performance before the Judiciary Com-mittee in two hearings, it is clear that the answer to most of these questions is no. His judicial record is deeply ideo-logical and outcome-driven, he remains a fierce political partisan operative, and he holds troubling legal views on Native Hawaiians, Native Americans, and Alaska Natives. These patterns were clear based on the weeks I spent reviewing Judge Kavanaugh’s writings, his judicial deci-sions, and the small fraction of his records made available from his time as a key White House aide to President George W. Bush. I became even more certain of my decision to oppose his nomination after his first hearing in the Judiciary Committee and after reading the mostly dismissive non-an-swers he gave to our followup written questions. There are plenty of substantive rea-sons to oppose Brett Kavanaugh’s nom-ination, and I will continue speaking out about many of these reasons in the coming days, but over the past 21⁄2 weeks, we have learned new informa-tion that underscored my concern that Brett Kavanaugh lacks the character, candor, credibility, and temperament to serve on the Supreme Court. Last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee heard testimony from Dr. Christine Blasey Ford and Brett Kavanaugh about Dr. Ford’s account of an attack on her by the nominee and a friend when they were all teenagers. Dr. Ford conducted herself with grace and courage, recounting the terrifying experience that has had a lasting effect on her life. In his testimony, Judge Kavanaugh dropped the polite veneer he presented at his first hearing, during which he complimented all the Senators he had met with and told the committee that ‘‘[t]he Supreme Court must never be viewed as a partisan institution.’’ That was then, but last Thursday, he launched into a partisan political screed that contradicted everything he has ever professed to believe about the way judges should behave. He said: ‘‘This whole two-week effort has been a calculated and orchestrated political hit, fueled with apparent pent-up anger about President Trump and the 2016 election, fear that has been unfairly stoked about my judicial record, re-venge on behalf of the Clintons and millions of dollars in money from out-side left-wing opposition groups.’’ I have to say, sitting there listening to him be so totally partisan was bi-zarre. What he said was bizarre. He was angry, he was belligerent, he was par-tisan, he went on the attack, and he ar-gued with Senators. He forgot who was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.032 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6530 October 4, 2018 
there to ask the questions and who was there to answer them. These are not qualities to look for in a Supreme Court Justice. More than 1,700 law professors across the country agree, including Dean Avi Soifer and 6 other professors from the University of Hawaii and 21 professors from Georgetown University Law Cen-ter, both my alma maters. I want to quote what a law professor said: 
We have differing views about the other qualifications of Judge Kavanaugh. But we are united, as professors of law and scholars of judicial institutions, in believing that Judge Kavanaugh did not display the impar-tiality and judicial temperament requisite to sit on the highest court of our land. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that a copy of this letter from the law professors be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, October 3, 2018] O
PINION —THESENATE SHOULD NOTCONFIRM  K
AVANAUGH  The following letter will be presented to the United States Senate on Oct. 4. It will be updated as more signatures are received. Judicial temperament is one of the most important qualities of a judge. As the Con-gressional Research Service explains, a judge requires ‘‘a personality that is even-handed, unbiased, impartial, courteous yet firm, and dedicated to a process, not a result.’’ The concern for judicial temperament dates back to our founding; in Federalist 78, titled ‘‘Judges as Guardians of the Constitution,’’ Alexander Hamilton expressed the need for ‘‘the integrity and moderation of the judici-ary.’’ We are law professors who teach, research and write about the judicial institutions of this country. Many of us appear in state and federal court, and our work means that we will continue to do so, including before the United States Supreme Court. We regret that we feel compelled to write to you, our Senators, to provide our views that at the Senate hearings on Sept. 27, Judge Brett Kavanaugh displayed a lack of judicial tem-perament that would be disqualifying for any court, and certainly for elevation to the highest court of this land. The question at issue was of course painful for anyone. But Judge Kavanaugh exhibited a lack of commitment to judicious inquiry. Instead of being open to the necessary search for accuracy, Judge Kavanaugh was repeat-edly aggressive with questioners. Even in his prepared remarks, Judge Kavanaugh de-scribed the hearing as partisan, referring to it as ‘‘a calculated and orchestrated political hit,’’ rather than acknowledging the need for the Senate, faced with new information, to try to understand what had transpired. In-stead of trying to sort out with reason and care the allegations that were raised, Judge Kavanaugh responded in an intemperate, in-flammatory and partial manner, as he inter-rupted and, at times, was discourteous to senators. As you know, under two statutes governing bias and recusal, judges must step aside if they are at risk of being perceived as or of being unfair. As Congress has previously put it, a judge or justice ‘‘shall disqualify him-self in any proceeding in which his impar-tiality might reasonably be questioned.’’ These statutes are part of a myriad of legal commitments to the impartiality of the judi-ciary, which is the cornerstone of the courts. We have differing views about the other qualifications of Judge Kavanaugh. But we are united, as professors of law and scholars of judicial institutions, in believing that he did not display the impartiality and judicial temperament requisite to sit on the highest court of our land. Ms. HIRONO. Judge Kavanaugh also tried to convince us that while he ‘‘liked beer,’’ he was basically a choir boy—interested in nothing more than sports, school, and service projects. This carefully painted image has been directly contradicted by Judge Kavanaugh’s own words in his year-book and by many of his high school and college classmates over the past weeks. These inconsistencies and contradic-tions were part of the reason I joined many of my colleagues in calling for a full FBI investigation of allegations against Judge Kavanaugh. I wanted the FBI to examine inconsistencies and contradictions between his testimony and that of others who knew him in high school, college, and beyond. Last Friday, Senators F
LAKE and C
OONS brokered an agreement to hold off on a floor vote for at least a week while a supplemental background in-vestigation could be completed to look into these allegations. But I was dis-appointed that as the days went by, it became more and more clear that the White House rigged the investigation. The President claimed to want the FBI to do a comprehensive investigation, but that did not happen. Our ranking member, Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , wrote to White House Counsel Don McGahn and FBI Director Chris-topher Wray the day after the inves-tigation began to request a copy of the written directive sent by the White House to the FBI. She got no response. The following day, many other mem-bers of the committee also wrote to Mr. McGahn and Director Wray about the supplemental investigation. In addition to repeating the ranking member’s request for an explanation of the scope of the investigation, we also asked that it be comprehensive. We wanted all serious allegations against the nominee to be investigated. Of course, we would expect, in a com-prehensive investigation, that all ap-propriate witnesses would be ques-tioned. We asked that the FBI ‘‘per-form all logical steps related to these allegations, including interviewing other individuals who might have rel-evant information and gathering evi-dence related to the truthfulness of statements made in relation to these allegations.’’ We got no response. Just yesterday, I joined a letter with many of my committee colleagues ask-ing Chairman G
RASSLEY to prevent public mischaracterization or selective leaks of the results of the FBI’s pre-vious work. We urged him to ‘‘call for a full Senate briefing by the FBI . . . so that all Senators hear the same in-formation and have the same oppor-tunity to question the FBI before any floor vote on the Kavanaugh nomina-tion.’’ These are requests having to do with the most recent FBI investiga-tion. We asked for a meeting between the chairman and the minority mem-bers ‘‘to establish bipartisan ground rules for public discussion of the infor-mation provided by the FBI’’ and this most recent, totally truncated and in-adequate investigation—those last were my words—but both requests were rejected. I had hoped the FBI would exhaust all possible avenues of investigation relevant to whether Judge Kavanaugh had a pattern of drinking that resulted in aggression and belligerence toward women. I had hoped they would follow leads given to them by Dr. Ford and Ms. Ramirez. I had hoped they would be permitted by the White House to do the job we know they can do—the job former Director James Comey said they could do. Instead, as we now know, they were only allowed to do the bare minimum. As we know from news reports, there are dozens of people with relevant in-formation, some of whom say they have corroborating evidence, who need to be interviewed, but they were not. It is simply impossible, after seeing the results of the FBI’s supplemental work—and I hesitate to call it an in-vestigation—that anybody could think it was in any way, shape, or form the comprehensive investigation the Presi-dent promised. This so-called inves-tigation is a sham. It is a fig leaf for the Republicans to hide behind. It is a talking point for their continued and predictable criticism of Democrats. They will say: See? You wanted an FBI investigation, and you got one. But now it isn’t good enough for you. Who are they kidding? This is a sham investigation. This so-called investiga-tion wasn’t good enough for me, and it shouldn’t be good enough to satisfy the American people. Judge Kavanaugh has a burden—not a burden of proof like in a court but the burden to show us he has not just the credentials for the job but the temperament and the character necessary for this lifetime appoint-ment. I have said many times that Demo-crats didn’t need to manufacture rea-sons to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s ele-vation to the Supreme Court. Based on his record, his opinions and his dis-sents, his academic writings and speeches, I had concluded before these new reports came forward that he would not be fair and objective on the Supreme Court. His views on reproduc-tive rights, Native rights, legal protec-tions for workers, consumers, and the environment are all of deep concern to me, not to mention his expansive views on Executive power, including pro-tecting a sitting President from crimi-nal or civil proceedings. Now that we have heard Dr. Ford’s account and seen Judge Kavanaugh’s angry and combative reaction, it is evi-dent that he should not serve on and should not be confirmed to the Su-preme Court for a lifetime, decades of making decisions that will impact our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.034 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6531 October 4, 2018 
lives on all of these areas on which he has a very troubling record. We can do better, and the American people de-serve better. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor to join in opposition to Judge Kavanaugh and call on my col-leagues to join me in voting against this mad dash to jam through a life-time appointment to the Supreme Court. Last week, Democrats and Repub-licans stood together to ask Repub-lican leaders to allow the bare min-imum—an FBI investigation into the new allegations that have come in. This wasn’t an unreasonable request. It happens all the time with nominees and for far less important positions than a lifetime seat on the Supreme Court. It is the very least that should be done when serious allegations like these remain, to make sure we are hearing from all relevant witnesses and bringing all relevant information in for consideration, but this simply has not happened. This morning, I went in for a briefing on the new FBI investigation, and it was very clear to anyone who reviewed the material that Senate Republican leaders and President Trump cut the FBI off and refused to allow them to conduct the comprehensive and thor-ough investigation that was promised to Democrats and Republicans. Instead, this was rigged from the start to protect Judge Kavanaugh be-cause here is what we know, and this has been reported in the press: Dr. Ford was not interviewed despite her re-peated requests. We know Judge Kavanaugh was not questioned. We have heard from so many other wit-nesses who were desperate to talk to the FBI—desperate—because they had relevant information they wanted to share in confidence. As far as we know, they were never even contacted, and now Senators had to line up to read a single copy of a limited FBI report over the course of today. We are not allowed to share what we saw or take notes out of the room, and we are not permitted to ask the FBI agents who actually conducted the investigation any ques-tions. Although I am not permitted to share what I heard and read in the briefing, I can say absolutely nothing I saw makes me believe Dr. Ford any less, and, in fact, based on what I saw, I am even more concerned about the veracity of some of what we heard from Judge Kavanaugh. Even more important than anything we saw was how much we were not able to see because the investigation was limited. Once again, the voices of women and their experiences have been silenced and pushed aside. So the questions everyone should be asking right now are, What are Repub-lican leaders so afraid the FBI would find if they were allowed to take the full week to truly conduct a thorough investigation and talk to all of the rel-evant witnesses? What are they trying to hide, and why will they not allow this to be done right when we are talk-ing about a nomination to the highest Court in the land? So I come to the floor to make three points to urge my colleagues to vote no and stop this mad dash to a rushed con-firmation. First, I am going to talk about what we know about the serious and credible allegations against Judge Kavanaugh by Dr. Ford and others; second, I am going to run through, once again, the serious credibility problems that have been raised regarding Judge Kavanaugh; and finally, I will high-light, once again, the real tempera-ment concerns so many of us have based on what we saw from Judge Kavanaugh at the last hearing. First and foremost, I believe Dr. Ford. She has absolutely no reason to lie, and she had no interest in making this public before she was compelled to, citing her civic duty. We all saw her at the hearing, and like so many people across the country, I was riveted, and I watched with tears in my eyes. Dr. Ford was so brave and compelling. She was so real. The memories she re-counted were heartbreaking; the fear she felt when she was being attacked; the relief she felt when she finally made it out of the house; the laughter between Brett Kavanaugh and Mark Judge she will never forget; the fact that she is 100 percent sure it was Brett Kavanaugh who attacked her. Millions of people watched her, and so many women and survivors were in-spired by her bravery. Dr. Ford made a credible allegation of a serious offense that needs to be taken seriously. We have also heard from other women—Ms. Ramirez, Ms. Swetnick— with their own experiences to share. They should be listened to. They should be heard. We should presume they are telling the truth, and Repub-lican leaders should allow a full inves-tigation into their allegations because, in the end, despite what some Repub-licans tried to claim, this is not a trial. We are not supposed to weigh evidence and make judgment about innocence or guilt. Our job as Senators is to weigh what we know, weigh what we hear, weigh what we learn, and use our own judgment to determine whether a nominee deserves a promotion to the highest Court in the land. Based on ev-erything I know about the allegations made against Judge Kavanaugh, he should not be confirmed, and he should not be in a position to make decisions on the Supreme Court that impact women and families and the future of our country, which takes me to my second point: Judge Kavanaugh’s seri-ous credibility issues. I went through this in some detail on the floor yesterday. I will not go through all of it again, but time and again, in his initial hearing and then even further in his second hearing, Judge Kavanaugh made it clear he has serious issues with the truth. He testified under oath directly to Senators and made claims that simply defy belief on issues big and small. Again and again, he made claims that were contradicted either through emails that were uncovered or from others who felt compelled to come for-ward after hearing what he said that simply did not align with what they knew to be true. If we can’t trust what he has said to us on those issues, if we know some of what he said is simply false, how can we trust him on so many other issues? Surely, the least we can expect from someone nominated to serve on our Na-tion’s highest Court has a basic com-mitment to honesty and truth, espe-cially while under oath. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue. It is just common sense, which brings me to the third point I want to make. Like so many people watching last week’s hearing, I was shocked by Judge Kavanaugh’s raw anger, his rage, dis-respect, sense of entitlement, and sneering condescension; from his ap-parent bafflement that he even had to respond to credible allegations against him to his attempt to throw questions back at Senators, asking them instead of actually answering them himself, to his open partisanship, his bitterness, to his rage and anger, and so much more. I cannot imagine any Senator seeing what we saw in that hearing, watching a nominee make a display like that and thinking this person is fit to serve as an impartial judge on our Nation’s highest Court. I know President Trump loved Judge Kavanaugh’s performance. It seemed to inspire him to move from calling Dr. Ford a credible witness to openly mocking and attacking her, and it sounds like it has galvanized him to fight even harder for the man whose anger and defensiveness he clearly identifies so closely with. I thought it was truly awful. It was not the kind of temperament we should want on the Supreme Court, and I can only hope enough of our colleagues agree. Once again, I believe Dr. Ford, and, to me, Judge Kavanaugh has shown so clearly he does not have the tempera-ment or credibility to serve on the Su-preme Court, but for any of my col-leagues who may not be persuaded and have bravely stood up to ask for more information and a thorough investiga-tion and for all of us who believe the Senate should do its job and get this right, we can’t rush this to a finish line. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.038 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6532 October 4, 2018 
A truly thorough investigation must be completed, as promised, so Senators hear from all the relevant witnesses and gather all the relevant information before we cast a vote on this confirma-tion. It can be done quickly, but it has to be done right because if this does end up being jammed through, as ap-parently currently Republican leaders intend to do, it will completely under-mine the public’s trust and the credi-bility of the Supreme Court as infor-mation continues to come out from in-vestigations that will continue wheth-er or not he is confirmed. It will elimi-nate any remaining trust people have in Senate Republican leaders to allow us to fulfill our constitutional advice and consent role and not just be a rubberstamp for the President, and it will cause tremendous anger and back-lash across the country from those who are shocked to see the voices of women and survivors ignored like this. I ran for the Senate after I saw what happened to Anita Hill in 1991. Based on everything I am seeing and hearing across the country, all the anger and energy and focus, I am confident that if women and their voices are attacked, undermined, and disrespected once again, we are going to see a wave of anger and frustration and activism that makes 1992 look like a ripple. We still have time to do this right. We still have time to do better than the Senate did in 1991. We still have time to re-store the public’s faith that women will be listened to. I urge my colleagues to join me, vote no tomorrow, and end this mad dash to confirmation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I am deeply saddened that the words I am about to deliver even need to be said in the first place, but I have to ask: How can we possibly continue to move for-ward or, as in the majority leader’s own words, ‘‘plow right through’’ to confirm a lifetime appointment on our Nation’s Supreme Court in the wake of both credible allegations of sexual mis-conduct leveled against the nominee Brett Kavanaugh and serious questions concerning his judicial temperament? Republicans are ignoring very real questions about his credibility and are intent on hiding his record. Even worse, they are in such a rush that most of them did not even want the FBI to reopen Judge Kavanaugh’s background check to help us get to the bottom of this, and when the FBI did reopen the investigation, the White House limited its scope so much it did not follow multiple credible leads. Now we as Senators have barely 24 hours to review their findings before scrambling to a vote. As the whole Nation watches, what message is the U.S. Senate sending to our children, to women, to victims of sexual assault about the values we stand for? Do they not matter? Is this the society that we want our sons and daughters to grow up in? We all know full well the weight of who fills this de-ciding vote on our Nation’s highest Court. Whomever we confirm as our next Supreme Court Justice will decide major cases that shape the daily lives of Americans for decades to come, but this is not a time for simply thinking about the judicial philosophies that we believe should shape opinions on the bench. I have made it clear that I op-pose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination based on the substance of his views and the broken process being used to rush this nomination through the Senate on a partisan basis. From the very start, Republicans have pushed this nomination through at a breakneck pace, hiding from the public Judge Kavanaugh’s record and the dangerous consequences of his ex-treme views on many important issues. That willful blindness, the absence of a thorough vetting process, and the mad dash to hastily confirm their nominee at all costs before this fall’s election has led us to the crisis that we face today. This has now become an even more fundamental test of how seriously we as Senators take our duty of advice and consent on enormously consequen-tial Presidential appointments. Multiple women have come forward publicly to accuse Brett Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct. While we will never be able to adjudicate these allegations in the same way as a criminal pro-ceeding, we have an obligation to weigh these accusations carefully and seriously as we consider Judge Kavanaugh’s fitness to serve on the Su-preme Court. I, for one, after reviewing all of the information that we have and after lis-tening to the testimony last week be-fore the Judiciary Committee, have to say clearly and forcefully that I believe Dr. Ford. When a victim of sexual as-sault comes forward to make a harrowing allegation like this, it takes tremendous courage, and it shouldn’t be dismissed. Under incredible duress and at a great personal cost, Dr. Ford came forward to share the painful de-tails of how Brett Kavanaugh assaulted her while she was in high school. I don’t know how anyone watching her testimony could question her sincerity or the seriousness of her experience, but some Republicans seem to be fol-lowing President Trump’s lead here and are choosing to jeer and dismiss Dr. Ford rather than take her testi-mony seriously. As I have said before, all of the sexual assault allegations made against Judge Kavanaugh deserve a thorough professional investigation by the FBI before proceeding with any vote on his nomination to the highest Court in the land. I was relieved to see my colleague Senator F
LAKE of Arizona speak up and call for a delay to seek a more thor-ough FBI investigation. Unfortunately, once again, the rush to get a predeter-mined outcome has undermined the in-tegrity of the process. Dr. Ford told us that she was abso-lutely willing to participate in an FBI investigation to get to the bottom of Judge Kavanaugh’s alleged assault, but according to her, she was not even interviewed by the FBI as part of this reopened investigation. The FBI did interview another accuser, Deborah Ramirez, who has alleged that Judge Kavanaugh exposed himself to her dur-ing her freshman year at Yale. How-ever, dozens of others sought to bring evidence forward and the FBI ignored their willingness to offer testimony. Again, key witnesses, including Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford, were not even interviewed by the FBI. The FBI was so constrained by the White House in this matter that I would not call this an in-vestigation. This is unjust. This sends a harrowing message to women and girls all around the Nation who have been victims of sexual violence. We must not toss aside a fair and impartial process in favor of a hurried political endgame. Before we take one of the most consequential votes that any of us will ever take, shouldn’t we want to get to the bottom of this? Even beyond what we could learn from a real investigation, there is al-ready reason to doubt Judge Kavanaugh’s credibility and his can-dor. Despite the fact that the White House tried to limit the scope of the FBI’s work so drastically that I wouldn’t characterize it as an inves-tigation, the FBI’s report still manages to raise very serious questions about Judge Kavanaugh’s truthfulness. Dur-ing his confirmation process, Judge Kavanaugh began by misleading the Senate on small things. He misled the Senate on consequential questions about his time in the Bush White House. Last week, when faced with se-rious questions about the sexual as-sault allegations and questions about his character, Judge Kavanaugh dodged, dismissed and ranted. He was not able to refute the serious accusa-tions leveled against him, and neither did the FBI report. Based on what we have heard since from people who knew him at the time, there is substantial reason to believe that he was not being truthful about his conduct. If Dr. Ford’s testimony is the truth— and I believe it is—then Judge Kavanaugh should be disqualified from serving on the Supreme Court. Once again, I fully acknowledge the stakes of this nomination. I understand how much my Republican colleagues want to appoint someone they agree with on important issues that may come before this Court, but we can-not—we should not—rush to confirm a man to a lifetime appointment to the highest Court in the land under such a dark cloud of credible allegations—not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.040 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6533 October 4, 2018 
to such a critical seat at such a critical time. Last week’s hearing should have been the beginning of looking into this seri-ous allegation, not the end. If there is nothing to hide and if there is informa-tion that would exonerate Judge Kavanaugh from the accusations that have been leveled against him, then a real indepth investigation would help us reach those conclusions. Instead, Republicans continue to rush this proc-ess and press forward with a predeter-mined set of conclusions. It makes one wonder if my Republican colleagues ac-tually want to know the truth. We cannot allow these allegations to be swept under the rug. The message that would send to victims of sexual assault and abuse would be dev-astating. It would effectively state to them that even if they come forward, there will be no justice; that they will be ignored or, worse yet, mocked, in the case of the President. All people re-gardless of gender, sexual orientation, or ethnic background should have the same right to live free from domestic and sexual violence. I am truly stunned that we are mov-ing forward with this confirmation vote. If we can’t pause to make sure we get this right, the institution of the Supreme Court will lose the public’s faith as an embodiment of justice. So I will ask one more time: What are we doing here? Can we not do better than this? I think we must. The integrity of the highest Court in the land hangs in the balance. What we stand for as a nation hangs in the balance. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I know that the Presiding Officer has been present in the Chair a few times when I have given this speech. It is not a pre-pared speech. It is an update on a trav-esty of justice that is continuing in Turkey. Today is October 4. On October 7, 2016, a man named Andrew Brunson, a Presbyterian minister from my State of North Carolina, up near Black Mountain, was arrested by Turkish au-thorities. Pastor Brunson has been a mis-sionary in Turkey for about 20 years. In 2016, there was an illegal coup at-tempt. The people associated with it should go to prison because there should not be violent changes of power in nations. They have an election proc-ess, and they should honor it. I have no problem when there is evidence of peo-ple who have been associated with an illegal coup going to prison, but I have a real problem with a man who for the last 2 years has been in a Turkish pris-on and went 19 months without an in-dictment. He was held without charges for 19 months. Over the last couple of months, we finally got him into house arrest. Then they put together an indict-ment that is truly something that I don’t think could keep someone in an American jail overnight. I read it and felt so strongly about it that I decided to go to Turkey and be in the court-room for 16 hours when he sat through his nearly 12-hour hearing. I was in that courtroom for the whole time, a courtroom just outside of Izmir. It was the second time I was there. I was there 2 months earlier to visit him in prison and to let him know that the U.S. Senate and the U.S. Con-gress knows he is there and we are not going to forget him. We had nearly 70 Senators sign on to a letter to that ef-fect. The reason I do this speech is to re-mind the American people about Pas-tor Brunson and to remind them about other Americans and Turkish-Ameri-cans who are in prison, suggesting that they were a part of trying to overthrow President Erdogan’s government. It will be 2 years on the 7th of this month. That is 727 days that he has been held in prison. But what I want to talk about is kind of related to a subject we are dis-cussing on the floor in another matter, and that is unsubstantiated allega-tions. This man has over 11 unsubstan-tiated allegations. What does that mean? Somebody says: I saw somebody do this. Yet they produce nobody else that can actually corroborate it, in other words, saying: Yes, I remember that happening; I agree with that testi-mony. There were 11 different allegations. Many of the people who testified wouldn’t even show their faces. They were on a video screen with digital blocking and with their voices hidden. Some of them we now know are in Turkish prisons themselves. None of the allegations have been corroborated by a single person. Yet this American, this man who was bringing the word of God to the people who wanted to hear it—he wasn’t forc-ing it on them; he was asking them into the church if they wanted to sit through a service on a Sunday or dur-ing the week—was put in prison. He was put in prison for allegations. One person who is also in prison said that one night they saw a light on up in the upstairs part of this very small church. It only fits about 100 people, and there is a little office upstairs. There was a light on for 4 hours, and, therefore, something bad must have been happening in there. There is another real problem with that allegation. It turns out that when I went to Izmir and to that church, there is no window in that upstairs room. Yet that is an unsubstantiated allegation that has landed this man in prison and subjected him to a possible 35-year prison sentence in Turkey. Another was a media post by his daughter, who ate a meal that the Turkish authorities said is a meal that is commonly eaten by terrorist organi-zations and so, therefore, she must be associated with that organization. That is the level of the allegation. In fact, it is one the more popular dishes enjoyed by many people—Kurds, Turks, and a number of people in the Middle East—but those are the unsubstan-tiated allegations that have kept this man in prison for 2 years and could po-tentially keep him in prison for 35 years. He is coming up on his final court date, where they will either release him or imprison him. I want to thank President Trump for making this a priority. I want to thank Secretary of State Pompeo for making this a priority. I want to thank my col-leagues, including the Presiding Offi-cer, who voted on a provision in the National Defense Authorization Act that says: Turkey, if you go down this path, there will be consequences. If you go down this path, you may not see the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter ever on Turkish territory. We may have to rethink the supply chain that runs through Turkey to build the F–35. We may actually have to take additional measures. I am watching them. Right now, I am trying to show them respect and hope that they do the right thing, but I want Pastor Brunson and his wife Norine and all of the people who belong to his church—the same church that the Rev-erend Billy Graham was associated with—to know that if justice is not served, then, we will continue to put the pressure on Turkey in any way that I can for as long as I am a U.S. Senator. Tonight I would just ask anybody watching this on C-Span and all of my colleagues to just pray for Pastor Brunson, to pray for his release. I hope that I don’t have to come to you for ad-ditional support to remind Turkey that our American justice system would never put a Turkish person in prison and our NATO ally should understand that we want him treated with respect and their very strong partner, the United States of America, treated with respect. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, a long and arduous process is finally drawing to a close. In the next couple of days, we will vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court. I will be voting yes. Last week, Dr. Christine Blasey Ford testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee about an allegation she made about Judge Kavanaugh. Dr. Ford deserved to be heard, and she was. Her claims deserved to be investigated, and they were, thoroughly, by the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee. Then they were investigated again by the FBI. Here is what we have learned after seven FBI background investigations, more than 2 weeks of committee inves-tigations, and a day-long hearing in which both sides were heard: There is not one scrap of corroborating evidence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.041 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6534 October 4, 2018 
to back up her claims against Judge Kavanaugh. Person after person after person has given testimony of Judge Kavanaugh’s good character, both in high school and in his adult life. Sixty-five women who knew Judge Kavanaugh in high school sent a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee noting that he always treated women with ‘‘decency and re-spect.’’ It has become clear that for many of my Democratic colleagues, zero evi-dence was never going to be enough. In-nocent until proven guilty doesn’t seem to be a concept that my Demo-cratic colleagues understand. Instead, my Democratic colleagues seem to be putting forth a new standard: Guilty no matter what, even with evidence to the contrary, which is scary because inno-cent until proven guilty is a pretty foundational principle of our system of government, and it is a powerful safe-guard against destroying the lives of innocent people with false accusations. The truth is, to many of our Demo-cratic colleagues, Judge Kavanaugh has been guilty since the moment he was nominated. He is guilty of being a Republican. He is guilty of being nomi-nated by a Republican President. He is guilty of pledging his allegiance to the law instead of to Democrats’ preferred judicial outcomes. So any means of de-feating him became fair game, no mat-ter how unjust, no matter how out-landish. Dr. Ford certainly deserved to have her claims heard and investigated, but Democrats didn’t stop there. They gave credence to almost every accusation that was thrown out, no matter how ri-diculous or uncorroborated. It didn’t matter if no less a paper than the New York Times had declined to publish an accusation for lack of any corrobora-tion. If it would slow down Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation, they grabbed onto it. At least one Democratic Senator sug-gested that we needed an FBI inves-tigation because Judge Kavanaugh had thrown ice at someone in college. Ap-parently, throwing ice in college is now grounds for an FBI investigation. What is next—an FBI investigation because Judge Kavanaugh stole another kid’s toy in preschool or because he didn’t share his swing on the playground dur-ing recess? The confirmation process for Judge Kavanaugh has gotten particularly ugly in the last couple of weeks, but the truth is, it was ugly from the be-ginning. Long before Dr. Ford had made any accusations, one Democratic Senator on the Judiciary Committee said that those who supported Judge Kavanaugh would be complicit in evil. For starters, let’s point out that Judge Kavanaugh is a mainstream judge. During his time on the DC Cir-cuit, Judge Kavanaugh’s Democrat-ap-pointed colleagues have been just as likely to join his majority opinions as his Republican-appointed colleagues. Judge Kavanaugh has won admira-tion from across the political spectrum for his intellect, his fairness, and his dedication to the law. Former Obama Acting Solicitor Gen-eral Neal Katyal noted this about Judge Kavanaugh: 
I think it’s very hard for anyone who’s worked with him, appeared before him, to, frankly, say a bad word about him. In my practice we basically have a rule: If there’s a Kavanaugh clerk who applies, we hire that person. 
Thirty-four of Judge Kavanaugh’s law clerks wrote a letter on his nomi-nation which said, in part: 
Our views on politics, on many of the im-portant legal issues faced by the Supreme Court, and on judicial philosophy, are di-verse. Our ranks include Republicans, Demo-crats, and Independents. But we are united in this: Our admiration and fondness for Judge Kavanaugh run deep. For each of us . . . it was a tremendous stroke of luck to work for and be mentored by a person of his strength of character, generosity of spirit, intellectual capacity, and unwavering care for his family, friends, colleagues, and us, his law clerks. 
Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan—certainly not someone Demo-crats think of as either evil or an ex-tremist—hired Judge Kavanaugh to teach at Harvard Law School, where he has served as the Williston Lecturer on Law. Both inside and outside his profes-sion, those who know him praise his character. Eighty-four women who worked with him in the Bush administration sent a letter praising him as ‘‘a man of the highest integrity.’’ A self-described liberal Democrat and feminist lawyer who knows Judge Kavanaugh and knows him well wrote the following in an op-ed for Politico: 
My standard is whether the nominee is un-questionably well-qualified, brilliant, has in-tegrity, and is within the mainstream of legal thought. Kavanaugh easily meets those criteria. Just as a Democratic nominee with similar credentials and mainstream legal views de-serves to be confirmed, so, too, does Kavanaugh—not because he will come out the way I want in each case and even most cases, but because he will do the job with dignity, intelligence, empathy, and integ-rity. 
That is from a liberal lawyer. This is the man that the junior Democrat from New Jersey said it would be ‘‘evil’’ to support. I frequently disagree with my Demo-cratic colleagues on policy issues, of-tentimes quite strongly, but I don’t go around calling my colleagues ‘‘evil’’ because we disagree. I know that word should be reserved for people who have truly malicious motivations or who have done truly terrible things—not people who, like me, want to do what is best for our country but have different opinions about how to get there. What kind of an example does the Senator from New Jersey’s rhetoric set for our children—that civil disagree-ment is impossible; that anyone whose opinion differs from our own should not be tolerated; that our fellow Americans are not just our political opponents but our enemies? Democrats like to accuse the Presi-dent of using irresponsible rhetoric. I might suggest they take a long hard look in the mirror. But it is not just the Democrats’ rhetoric that has been extreme and ir-responsible throughout this process, so has their handling of Dr. Ford’s allega-tion. The ranking member on the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee, the senior Senator from California, sat on Dr. Ford’s allegation for 6 weeks without sharing the allegation with Repub-licans. During that time, she never once questioned Judge Kavanaugh about the accusation, despite having multiple chances to do so, both in public and in private. If the ranking member thought this accusation was credible, she had an absolute responsibility to disclose it to the committee or to the FBI immediately. She also had an obli-gation to ask Judge Kavanaugh about it. She did neither. If, on the other hand, she thought it was false—which is the only excuse for her silence—then the Democrats’ deci-sion to exploit this accusation for po-litical gain is appalling. In either case, Democrats have behaved with a total lack of responsibility throughout this process. Not only have they shown not the slightest concern about the possibility of tarnishing a good man’s name, they also displayed no real concern for Dr. Ford. Clearly, they had no particular interest in giving her or her allegation a hearing until it became politically expedient to do so. If they had really cared about her accusation, they would have brought it up immediately and questioned Judge Kavanaugh about it immediately. Instead, they held it in reserve, apparently to be deployed in the event that they needed it to delay the confirmation process. It is shameful but not surprising. As I said earlier, Democrats made clear from the beginning that they would do anything they could to defeat Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. Throughout this process, they have grasped any straw that appeared: too few docu-ments, too many documents, an unre-lated investigation, outlandish accusa-tions. Then, after last week’s hearing, when it became clear there was no evidence against Judge Kavanaugh, they jumped on his demeanor at the hearing. Now he was unqualified because he passion-ately defended his good name in front of the committee. Apparently, it is not OK to be angry when your good name has been dragged through the mud and your family has been threatened. Today, of course, now that we have gotten the results of the FBI investiga-tion, which Democrats requested, by the way, Democrats are now saying that Judge Kavanaugh shouldn’t be confirmed because the FBI investiga-tion wasn’t long enough or thorough enough. I would like to ask: Does anyone here think there is any FBI investigation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.043 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6535 October 4, 2018 
that would have satisfied my Demo-cratic colleagues? After all, we know Democrats have been opposed to Judge Kavanaugh from the very beginning. A number of them announced their oppo-sition before the ink was even dry on his nomination. Are we really supposed to believe they were going to change their minds after yet another FBI in-vestigation? Despite the well-coordinated intimi-dation tactics of the far left, we are moving forward. We are about to vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, as we should be. But I can’t help but re-flect on the process of getting here. I would like to ask my Democratic colleagues if this is what they think the process should look like going for-ward. Do they really think that Su-preme Court confirmations should be characterized by intense partisanship and unsubstantiated character at-tacks? Do they really want to do away with the presumption of innocence and allow innuendo—the substitute for evi-dence? Do they really think it is OK to stop at nothing to tank a nomination? Tomorrow and Saturday, I will be casting my vote for Judge Kavanaugh. I will be voting for him because he is supremely qualified. We all know that. The Democrats know that. I will be voting for him because he is a man of character and integrity, and I will be voting for him because I know that he can be relied on to uphold the rule of law and the Constitution. I invite not just my Republican but my inde-pendent-thinking Democratic col-leagues to join me. It is not too late to say no to the politics of personal de-struction. It is not too late to say no to unchecked partisanship. It is not too late to put this eminently qualified nominee on the Supreme Court. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, the American people have walked through Supreme Court nominations many times. There is a normal process of walking through Supreme Court nomi-nations. They are nominated by the Presi-dent. There are background checks that are done. It is extensive. They then meet with every single Senator or whoever wants to meet with them pri-vately. They turn in documents so that everyone can read through their back-grounds and their writings. They get details, and they get interviews. Any-thing they have ever written, whether it was writing for their law school jour-nals or writing articles for a sports magazine, is turned in. Everyone goes back through that. Once they go through all 100 Senators or whoever wants to meet with them, the Judiciary Committee meets with them. They do a week of hearings. They do extensive work and talk through everything. Outside witnesses will come in and will talk about their lives. There is a confidential meeting that happens with all the Senators in which they sit down and say there were some private accusations that might have been made or some issues about your finances or things that we saw in your background report that we want to ask you about confidentially. After all of that is done, there is time for questions for the record, and any-one who still has questions can submit them to the nominee. Then it is time for a vote. That is how it is typically done. Quite frankly, that doesn’t look like how it was being done this time with Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He was nominated by the President. He turned over documents. Boy, did he turn over documents. There was an enormous number of documents turned over by him that were requested and continue to be requested. Brett Kavanaugh ended up having 480,000 pages of documents turned over to the committee. It was more than the past five Supreme Court nominees combined turned over. There were 57 days from the time he was nominated until the time the first hearing actually began with the Judici-ary Committee. That is a longer period of time than it was for Justice Gorsuch, Justice Kagan, or Justice Sotomayor. It was a long period of time between when he was nominated and when he actually came, and there were more documents that were turned over than for any other person. He went through the hearings for 5 days. He went through all of the confidential meetings and those private meetings. He went through every private meeting with every Senator who wanted to meet privately. Then it was time for questions for the record. There were 1,300 questions for the record that were given to him as followup for the hearing. Those are more questions for the record than for all of the Supreme Court Justices com-bined in the history of the country. After all of that was done, a bomb-shell was dropped. You see, a month and a half before the end of the hear-ing, a lady named Dr. Ford had sent a letter to one of the other Senators here, to the ranking member of the Ju-diciary Committee, saying: I have a concern from a memory that I have from high school time. That letter was turned over on July 30, early in the process, while Judge Kavanaugh was still meeting individually with Sen-ators—before the hearings, before the classified meetings, before any of the questions for the record, before any of that. It was turned over early. Apparently, the ranking member’s staff reached out to her then and had a phone call, and the ranking member had a phone call. Then that informa-tion was held. Apparently, from her own testimony—from Dr. Ford—she was then advised by the ranking mem-ber’s staff: You need to hire an attor-ney and prepare yourself. Then nothing was said for a month. Suddenly, 2 days before the hearing, a leak comes out of the Judiciary Committee—from some-where—and there was a story in the newspaper about this accuser. Then ev-erything began to break loose. What is interesting is that accusa-tions like these are made for a lot of different nominees of all different types and have been for years and years and years. So there is a process by which to handle this. When an accu-sation is made like that, you give it to the FBI early. It includes it in its background check so as to walk through it early. You sit down in con-fidential meetings so that accusers don’t have to go through all of the pub-lic scrutiny. You resolve it in a private setting and bring as many witnesses as you want to talk through it, but you don’t want accusers to have to be pub-lic, because they don’t like to be pub-lic. This is something very private and personal to them. Yet that is not what happened with Dr. Ford. It was saved. She was just told: Get an attorney. You are going to need it. Then her story was plopped out into the news, forcing her out, making her sit in front of the American people and dragging the American people through an exceptionally painful sea-son in our country’s history. At the end of that, there was a hear-ing. Many Americans watched. It was riveting to try to figure out who was credible. How do I follow the story? All of this testimony came out from Brett Kavanaugh who adamantly—force-fully—denied anything like this had ever been done with Dr. Ford or any other person. It was unequivocal. Dr. Ford said: I 100 percent remember this, and here are the three people who will also corroborate my story. They were there. There was a push from my Demo-cratic colleagues to say that this inves-tigation had been done by the com-mittee, and they want the investiga-tion done by the FBI, with the un-equivocal statement that during the Anita Hill hearings in 1991, the FBI took 3 days to do all of the investiga-tion. We want 3 days. Give the FBI 3 days to do this. Then they came back later: Give them a week. That is all it would take. So a decision was made to pause and give the FBI time to do it. Here were the instructions to the FBI: Research any credible accusa-tion—no boundaries, no limitations on them. Research a credible current ac-cusation. It was not just ‘‘keep adding forever.’’ If there were new accusations that were to come in, there would have to be a new conversation. By that time, they had started rolling in. So the FBI was told to just go look at them all, and they were given instructions. No one from the House or the Senate, of either party, was tracking them. They just let the FBI do their task. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.044 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6536 October 4, 2018 
They have now come back several days later with the report that a lot of American people now know is stored downstairs, and every Senator has the opportunity to go through it. There are pages and pages of testi-mony. They went through all of the in-dividuals who were claiming to have any kind of alleged firsthand knowl-edge, all of the individuals Dr. Ford had stated. Those three individuals were there to say they could testify on his behalf. Then there was the list from Brett Kavanaugh’s calendar, saying: Here are all of the individuals who went to these parties. The FBI went through and interviewed them all. The FBI also went to Ms. Ramirez, saying: We will take a look at this, even though the New York Times wouldn’t take that story when it was offered to them. The New York Times spent a week researching it, calling around, as they said, to dozens of peo-ple to find anyone who could corrobo-rate Ms. Ramirez’s story, and they couldn’t find anyone. So the New York Times walked away from it, but a dif-ferent periodical printed it anyway. The FBI went to Ms. Ramirez, inter-viewed her and interviewed anyone she said could corroborate her story. At the end of that investigation, all of those reports came in. We have now read through them, and every single one of those individuals reported back: I don’t remember anything like what they are describing. Not only do I not remember anything like what they are describing, I know Brett Kavanaugh, and I can’t even imagine that he would do something like that. Instead of agreeing with their story, with the accusation, person after per-son after person actually agreed with Brett Kavanaugh. What is interesting is Brett Kavanaugh has been through six dif-ferent FBI background checks in the past. He has now had 150 people in his life who have been interviewed. Inter-estingly enough, of all 150 people in his life who have been interviewed—even before this time, one of the questions the FBI asks everyone when they are doing a background check is this: Do you know of any issues this person has with alcohol or drug use that would be a problem for them? Do they have a problem with drug or alcohol use? Every single one of those people, from two decades of background checks, six different times in his life—all of them reported: No, he does not have a prob-lem with drugs or alcohol. Over the last couple of weeks, there has been an aggressive move to trans-form a person into a monster. In fact, some of my colleagues on this floor have labeled him as evil, and anyone who supports him is evil. It is the transformation of a person’s reputation for political gain. The other accusations I have seen in the media have been fascinating to me. For the past several weeks, the media has been reporting there is another ac-cuser. The big story will come out that there is another accuser, but the next day they don’t ever seem to print when that accuser recanted, as many of them have. A story breaks out one day saying, ‘‘Here is the story I remember,’’ and they tell this whole sexually explicit story. The committee then contacts the individual of the story and says, ‘‘Under penalty of perjury, would you be willing to testify in front of us and tell us your story?’’ Instead of saying, ‘‘Yes, I would agree to tell my story,’’ the response that came back to them was, ‘‘I made a crazy mistake. I apolo-gize. I will recant my story rather than face perjury and testify.’’ There was an accusation that came from an anonymous person in Colo-rado, who said, ‘‘I know I saw Brett Kavanaugh in this year, at this time, slam his girlfriend against the wall in this public place,’’ except the problem was the girlfriend that he had at the time came out publicly and said that never ever happened, and she can’t imagine Brett Kavanaugh doing that. My favorite one is the accusation that was printed in which another ac-cuser, who ended up being a person who had written in a tip, said: There was a really salacious frat party at Brett Kavanaugh’s fraternity after he left Yale. It was a really big party, and it was really out of control. I bet Brett Kavanaugh came back to that party after he was out of college. I bet he came back and went to that party and someone should check. That was the big tip. This has really gotten out of control. This started with a serious accusation from an accuser whom we should take seriously—Dr. Ford. We should have been able to get to the facts and the in-formation, but it suddenly spun out of control into random smear campaigns to try to destroy someone personally. The information that has come out has not corroborated any of the accusa-tions. In fact, it has done the opposite. This has done tremendous damage to a family and to the reputation of some-one who has served our country admi-rably for a long time and who, up until the last 2 weeks, had a stellar reputa-tion, which has now been trashed for political gain. I grieve for the people who have expe-rienced sexual assault in their lives. I have spent 22 years working with stu-dents in youth ministry, and I have met lots of families who have had lots of pain in their lives. How we deal with sexual assault in America is very im-portant. People need to be believed, and things need to be taken seriously, but when the facts all come out, we also have to make decisions based on facts, not on accusations. This is a case where we have to be able to deal with the facts. I will vote for Judge Brett Kavanaugh to be on the Supreme Court based on his record for decades, based on now seven FBI backgrounds checks on him, based on 65 ladies who have come forward, who knew him from high school and college and have said: This is the Brett Kavanaugh we knew, and he isn’t anything like all of these accu-sations. Based on 150 different people whom the FBI privately interviewed and asked about his alcohol use over the past 20 years—even reaching back to college, for instance—asking if he was ever out of control in his alcohol use, all of them say no. All of them say no. It is not based on a couple of recent ac-cusations; it is over decades of history. I get that there are people who will disagree on this for political reasons or they may not like Brett Kavanaugh’s positions on legal issues. I get that, but let’s not smear a man’s reputation for-ever because we don’t like his opinions on something. Where do I think we go from here? I think there is something we can gain as a nation from this painful experi-ence. If there is any one piece of advice that I could pass on to the country as a whole and to us as leaders, it is to en-courage families to take care of their kids. As I read all of these stories—and I have gone through all of them—all of them show some markers that I look at and say there is some need for con-versation. I think moms and dads should sit down with their daughters and should lovingly say to them: If there is ever anything that happens to you, if any boy ever does something in-appropriate to you, if he ever touches you in any way, we want you to know that we love you, we believe in you, and you can come to tell us right away because we want to make it right as soon as possible. Do not be afraid to talk to us about it. We will not blame you. We want to make it right. That conversation that moms and dads can have with their daughters could have great benefit for a lot of daughters for a long time. There is a conversation that moms and dads need to have with their sons and daughters about alcohol use be-cause in all of the stories that I have read, all of them involve teenage drinking—all of them. Dr. Ford admitted drinking even at the party she described. All of them in-volved drinking and drug use. There is a conversation that moms and dads could have with their kids because, quite frankly, I have met way too many parents who have said: I know my children are going to drink. I just tell them not to drink and drive. If they are going to drink, I tell them just to stay over there or come to our house and drink, and that will be fine. Well, it is not fine. There are an awful lot of 15- and 16- year-olds who do not have the matu-rity to drink alcohol, and when parents sign off on it and say that it is OK, they need to understand there are very real consequences. I have not asked Judge Kavanaugh about it, but I bet he would love to take back some of his drinking when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.046 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6537 October 4, 2018 
he was in high school and college, to wait until he was more mature, be-cause he was telling painful stories. I would encourage parents to be par-ents and to step up and help protect their kids so that they can make better decisions. It may be a good lesson for us as a nation to be able to pass on to our kids. One last lesson: We have to learn how to disagree about political issues with-out destroying someone personally for the sake of gain on anything in poli-tics. We have to learn this lesson be-cause in the days ahead, no matter what your political party is, no matter who is President, no matter who is nominated, we want the best and brightest of our country to step up. We want them all to be able to serve their country. I have not met a perfect person. What has been interesting to me is the num-ber of times that I have had Demo-cratic colleagues say to me in the last week and a half, ‘‘You know, I really hope they don’t go through my high school record like we are going through Judge Kavanaugh’s record’’ or the number of times I have heard folks say, ‘‘Do you know what I really want said at the committee hearing? I want someone to step up and say that he who is without sin should cast the first stone, but that hasn’t been said.’’ Maybe an ounce of compassion and a tremendous amount of affection for those who have suffered greatly from assault would be of great benefit to us as a nation, as a community, and as a Senate. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANK T. LIBBY Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I want to honor my friend Frank Libby for his extraordinary service to my home State of Illinois. Last month, after 42 years of service to the brothers and sisters of the Union Brotherhood of Carpenters, Frank Libby retired. A decade after the Great Chicago Fire, in 1881, a group of 35 carpenter leaders met in a Chicago warehouse and hammered out an agreement to form a single, unified union. The United Brotherhood of Carpenters was born. Ever since, the Carpenters union has been a leader, building and growing communities by bringing countless skilled women and men to the con-struction industry. Frank Libby is an outstanding part of that rich history. Throughout his ca-reer, Frank held a variety of positions. As a member of Local 10, he has served as warden, recording secretary, busi-ness representative, financial sec-retary-treasurer, and president for the past 24 years. In 2008, Frank became the 24th president/executive secretary- treasurer of the Chicago Regional Council of Carpenters, representing working families across 72 counties throughout Illinois and eastern Iowa. Under Frank’s leadership, the Chi-cago Regional Council of Carpenters flourished, becoming the largest build-ing trades union in the State of Illinois with a membership in the tens of thou-sands. He fearlessly confronted the un-precedented challenges facing the union and had the courage to make the necessary decisions enabling the union to not only survive the great recession, but actually thrive. If that wasn’t enough, Frank Libby also served as a member of the execu-tive board of the Chicago Regional Council of Carpenters and the Chicago Federation of Labor and as a trustee on the Carpenters’ Welfare and Pension Fund and the Carpenters’ Apprentice-ship Training Fund. Frank also served on the Illinois State Council of Car-penters’ executive board and as a past board member to the Chicago Conven-tion and Tourism Bureau, but his leg-acy will be realized by the generations of carpenters who, because of his lead-ership and vision, will receive fair wages and healthcare for their family. Frank Libby has given the gift of peace of mind to countless future carpenters and their families, who can retire with dignity because of the benefits Frank fought to secure. They will know that Frank’s hard work earned and ensured a safe work environment where car-penters return to their families at the end of each workday. I want to congratulate Frank Libby on his distinguished career and thank him for his outstanding service to the people of Chicago. I especially want to thank Frank’s wife Gail and their daughter Cynthia for sharing so much of their husband and father with our community. I wish him and his family all the best in their next chapter. f 
160TH ANNIVERSARY OF YWCA Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this year, the Young Women’s Christian As-sociation, YWCA, celebrates its 160th anniversary in the United States. It is the world’s oldest and largest multicul-tural women’s organization, fighting at the forefront of the most critical social movements, from women’s empower-ment and civil rights to affordable housing, pay equity, violence preven-tion, and healthcare. The YWCA traces its origins to the battlefields of the Crimean War in 1855. Formed in London, philanthropist Mary Jane Kinnaird and her friends, the organization helped nurses return-ing from the war find homes and im-proved the lives of those caught up in the Industrial Revolution. Women were working long hours in poor and unsafe conditions, and they had few opportu-nities for healthy activity. The YWCA’s early hostels evolved to be-come the organization we know today. By 1858, the year we are honoring, the YWCA crossed the Atlantic and created residences in New York and Boston. It opened its first U.S. board-ing house for female students, teach-ers, and factory workers in 1860. Since forming in the United States, the YWCA has grown to include 2.6 million members and 300 local associations in the country. Throughout history, the YWCA has been the vanguard for social change. In the 1870s, it held the first typewriting classes for women. Typewriting was considered a man’s job at the time. During the same time, it also opened an employment bureau for women. Normal, IL, had the first YWCA stu-dent association in 1873. In 1877, the YWCA Chicago started providing med-ical services at the homes of the sick. This is the precursor to the Visiting Nurses Association. In the 1890s, the first African-Amer-ican YWCA branch opened in Dayton, OH. A YWCA opened for Native Ameri-cans in Oklahoma during the same time. The YWCA was helping immi-grant women adapt to the United States in 1909 with bilingual instruc-tion. These were revolutionary changes. In 1919, the YWCA convened the first meeting of doctors, the International Conference of Women Physicians, with attendees coming from 32 countries to focus on women’s health issues. The YWCA Convention in 1920 was an early advocate for the 8-hour workday with no night work and the right of labor to organize. The YWCA also fought on the frontlines of civil rights. In 1915, the YWCA held the first interracial con-ference in the South in Louisville, KY. In the 1930s, it worked toward desegre-gation and encouraged its members to speak out against the violence against African Americans. In 1946, the YWCA adopted its interracial charter, a full 8 years before the U.S. Supreme Court decided against segregation. The Char-ter declared, ‘‘Wherever there is injus-tice on the basis of race, whether in the community, the nation, or the world, our protest must be clear and our labor for its removal, vigorous and steady.’’ From opening Atlanta’s first inte-grated public dining facility in 1960 to being a sponsor of Dr. Martin Luther King’s March on Washington, the YWCA continued the fight for equality. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.047 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6538 October 4, 2018 
In 1970, the YWCA created ‘One Impera-tive’ to end racism wherever it exists. The modern YWCA is just as com-mitted to the same principles that it’s always had and is needed more than ever in the times we live in right now. The YWCA’s annual Stand Against Racism campaign and its racial justice programs and services engage 140,000 people every year. It serves more than 122,000 women annually with economic empowerment programs, including job training, financial literacy, salary ne-gotiation, and leadership development. And it continues to offer housing and childcare programs, helping build a supportive foundation for families. More than 900,000 women and families participate in the YWCA health and safety programs and services, including domestic violence and sexual assault services, fitness programs, and health resources. These programs often are critically important to communities of color where high-quality health wellness programs are not readily available. For twenty years, the YWCA has hosted a Week Without Violence to help end gender-based violence with workshops, community service oppor-tunities, and public awareness events. As we celebrate the YWCA’s 160 years of work here in the United States, we are reminded daily that we need to continue the fight against racism, sexism, and economic inequality. And the YWCA is leading the way—just as it did 160 years ago. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today in support of H.R. 302, the Avia-tion, Transportation Safety, and Dis-aster Recovery Reforms and Reauthor-ization Act, a long-term, bipartisan re-authorization of the Federal Aviation Administration, FAA. I am pleased that this bill includes multiple provisions designed to miti-gate and alleviate community exposure to noise. Aircraft noise threatens the quality of life of Marylanders who live around Baltimore/Washington Inter-national Thurgood Marshall Airport, BWI, and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport, DCA, robbing them of sleep, cardiovascular health, and their children’s learning. After anguished pleas from impacted constituents and concerned State and local elected officials, Senator V
AN H
OLLEN and I drafted multiple noise impact mitigation provisions which are included in H.R. 302. After this bill is enacted, airports will have to submit updated noise exposure maps to the FAA, the FAA will have to consider noise concerns from affected commu-nities when proposing new departure procedures, the FAA will be required to examine the community engagement process, the FAA will study how air-craft approach and takeoff speeds im-pact communities surrounding air-ports, airport land use compatibility guidelines will have to be revised, the FAA will create a pilot program to mitigate the impacts of aircraft noise, and the FAA and NASA will study the impact of technologies on fuel effi-ciency, noise, and aircraft weight. I am disappointed that my provision to require the FAA Administrator to implement new departure and arrival procedures to protect communities sur-rounding airports was not included in this bill, and I am determined to con-tinue my efforts to improve the depar-ture and arrival procedures. Outside of the noise context, H.R. 302 will make the skies safer and more dig-nified for airline passengers and profes-sionals alike. Airports will be required to provide lactation rooms to be eligi-ble for airport development project grants. Airline staff who have regular inter-action with passengers will be required to have human trafficking identifica-tion training. The FAA must examine and improve response to onboard sex-ual assault allegations. The Attorney General of the United States will es-tablish a process for individuals to re-port sexual misconduct on aircraft. The FAA will issue regulations cre-ating minimum dimensions for pas-senger seats—width, leg room, and pitch—and prohibiting airlines from in-voluntarily removing passengers from flights after they have cleared the boarding gate. The bill makes aviation safer for first responders by directing the FAA to consider an airport’s role in medical emergencies, medical evacuations, and community-related emergency or dis-aster preparedness when evaluating airport master plans. The bill restores power to passengers by directing the U.S. Department of Transportation to examine whether carriers are being upfront with con-sumers about flight times and requires Secretary of Transportation to develop the Airline Passengers with Disabil-ities Bill of Rights, listing rights and protections granted to airline pas-sengers. The aviation industry is critical to the State of Maryland. According to the Alliance for Aviation Across Amer-ica, Maryland is home to 25 repair sta-tions, 15 FAA-approved pilot schools, 1,389 flight instructors, 2,566 student pi-lots, 514 active Air Line Pilots Associa-tion pilots, 110 National Air Traffic Controller Association air traffic con-trollers, an aviation maintenance training school, and nine general avia-tion airports. More than 17 million pas-sengers flew through BWI Marshall Airport in 2017. In 2017, the FAA’s Air-port Improvement Program, AIP, pro-vided $26,307,253 in grants to airport improvement projects in Maryland. H.R. 302 balances the needs of Mary-land residents, communities, airports and the aviation industry while ensur-ing continuity for the FAA programs which are vital to the safe operation and economic viability of Maryland’s airports and aviation community. I support the bipartisan H.R. 302 which will modernize airport infrastructure, improve service for the flying public, enhance transportation safety and se-curity, and boost aviation industry in-novation. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, the Senate finally completed its work on a new longterm FAA Reauthoriza-tion bill. This 5-year bill will give the aviation industry the certainty it needs in order to plan for future invest-ments and service enhancements. This bill also gives the FAA the direction and tools necessary to address cus-tomer and community concerns that arise from those activities. Stable funding for the Airport Im-provement Program, AIP, is an essen-tial program for both large and small airports. In this fiscal year, in my home State of Maryland, 13 airports re-ceived 16 separate grants to aid in con-struction related improvements. These are projects that likely would have been delayed or postponed if it were not for AIP. This bill contains language that I supported to address the negative ef-fects of airplane noise on homeowners. Directing the FAA to review how they work with communities impacted by airplane noise and study the health im-pacts of noise is a step in the right di-rection toward tackling the impacts of NextGen implementation. I look for-ward to working with the FAA to en-sure the provisions in this bill are im-plemented and to strive for additional ways to address the perpetual problem of noise in our communities. Reauthorizing the Essential Air Service Program and Small Commu-nity Air Service Development Program is important to make sure that the rural airports in our country, like Ha-gerstown Regional Airport in Mary-land, receive the funding they need to maintain service in remote areas. I am also pleased that the bill con-tains S. 2792, a bill to modernize train-ing programs at aviation maintenance technician schools and S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce development pilot program. The Pittsburgh Institute of Aero-nautics has a satellite campus at Ha-gerstown Regional Airport where they are training the next generation of aviation technicians. As our airplanes modernize, so too must aviation tech-nician curriculum. While the bill contains several provi-sions that seek to improve customer service including the language that I offered to the TICKETS Act that pre-vents the forcible removal of pas-sengers after boarding, setting pas-senger seat size minimums, and im-proving accessibility for travelers with disabilities, I am disappointed that the bill does not include the Fair Fees Act. The Fair Fees Act would have pro-tected consumers by prohibiting an air carrier from imposing fees for basic services like checking a bag or resched-uling a flight that are unreasonable or disproportional to the cost incurred by the air carrier. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.020 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6539 October 4, 2018 
In addition, I am concerned about the potential impact of sections 1602 and 1919 on privacy, press freedoms, and other civil liberties. I strongly urge the administration to implement these provisions in a manner consistent with the First and Fourth Amendments of the Constitution and other applicable provisions of Federal law. Providing for the security of the American people is one of our greatest responsibilities; however, we must equally ensure that we safeguard the individual liberties enshrined in our Constitution. 
f 
147TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE GREAT PESHTIGO FIRE Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize a solemn occasion, the 147th anniversary of the Great Peshtigo Fire in Wisconsin. On October 8, 1871, Wisconsin’s 10th largest city at the time was completely destroyed in what is still the largest fire in U.S. his-tory. The city of Peshtigo, WI, was first settled in 1838. The community is sur-rounded by dense Wisconsin forest and has long been sustained economically by lumber, shipping, and railroad inter-ests. Located off the western shore of Green Bay in Marinette County, the area was home to Menominee and Ho- Chunk Native-Americans. Historians and survivors of the fire theorize that the blaze was started by railroad workers who were cutting trees and burning debris outside of Peshtigo. A combination of a prolonged drought, a heavy reliance on wooden buildings, and 100-mph winds aligned to create a firestorm that reached 3 miles across and 1,000 feet high. Over the course of the night, the fire scorched over 1.2 million acres and caused an es-timated $169 million in damages. Be-tween 1,200 and 2,500 people lost their lives. The fire’s complete destruction of local records prevented an accurate death toll. An estimated 350 victims lie in a mass grave in Peshtigo, victims who could not be identified because they were either burned beyond rec-ognition or because those who could identify them perished too. Although the Great Peshtigo Fire has been well documented, little has been written about the crucial role Na-tive Americans played in preventing further loss of life among European settlers. One of the most compelling stories involves Abraham Place, who traveled on foot to Wisconsin from Vermont in 1837 to build a homestead in the Sugar Bush neighborhood just outside of Peshtigo. He married a Me-nominee woman, and together with their children, they tended one of the largest farms in the area. While marrying a Native-American woman was socially acceptable when Place first settled there, attitudes had changed by 1871, and he was scorned by his fellow settlers. The Native Americans he regularly welcomed to his home warned him of the impending danger of fire after months of little to no rain and helped him create a 3-foot-deep firebreak around his farm. His European neigh-bors dismissed his precaution as the ac-tions of a crazy man who had married a Native American. Mrs. Place’s in- laws then spent hours placing dozens of wet blankets on the roof of their house to prevent its destruction. Their home was one of the few buildings still stand-ing on the morning of October 9. Many of the same neighbors who had ridiculed them ran to their house or died trying. Survivors found the bodies of 35 residents who never made it to the farm. The hundred or so refugees who arrived safely at the Place home found a makeshift hospital where they could nurse their wounds and recu-perate. Some stayed for weeks, their earlier disdain cured by necessity. In the days following the Peshtigo fire, survivors emerged from the Peshtigo River and other safe havens untouched by the flames to look for missing loved ones and to begin to re-build their lives. As word of the devas-tation spread, donations of food, cloth-ing, and money poured in from across the State, the Nation, and several for-eign countries. This selfless, unified show of support empowered the people of Peshtigo to rebuild their homes and restore their community. Occurring on the same night as the Great Chicago Fire, the Peshtigo fire has been largely forgotten, even though the Wisconsin death toll is esti-mated to be seven times that of the Chicago tragedy. That is why I join Peshtigo residents in remembering the time when prejudices that turned neighbors into enemies were set aside in the midst of unimaginable hardship. I applaud their efforts to pause this Oc-tober 8 to remember this inconceivable catastrophe, commemorate its victims, and honor the resilience of those who worked so hard to rebuild this city from the ashes of total devastation into the tranquil community of today. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO EVELYN MOUNT ∑Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, today I recognize a pillar of the com-munity in Reno, NV: Evelyn Mount. For over 41 years, Evelyn has gra-ciously provided Reno residents and families in times of need with the com-fort of a holiday meal. This year marks the end of an era in community leader-ship in Reno, as Evelyn intends to step away from the role of organizing and coordinating her annual food drive. Growing up in the small city of Tallulah, LA, Evelyn’s family instilled in her the importance of the values of sacrifice and service. Those values have been at the core of how Evelyn has lived her life, putting the needs of others ahead of her own. It wasn’t until 1976 that Evelyn and her husband Leon brought this selflessness to Reno, NV. Soon after her arrival, she began work as a telephone operator at the airport. Committed to assisting those in need, Evelyn started collecting food dona-tions in her spare time. Her devotion to the Reno community did not go unno-ticed, as employees from other depart-ments quickly contributed to her food collection. To her credit, Evelyn was able to collect more than 200 bags of food to distribute amongst members of the northern Nevada community. Her success prompted the expansion of her operations, which now includes an out-reach center and several volunteers. Nevadans who know Evelyn have come to understand her sense of duty to community and affiliate the autumn season as ‘‘Evelyn Mount food drive season.’’ The sense of community, care, and inclusion that Evelyn has given Reno residents is perhaps her most im-portant legacy. She has inspired count-less volunteers to donate their time and money, while providing hope to families who are down on their luck. Because of her, a compassionate com-munity of selfless volunteers has grown in northern Nevada, including some who were once on the receiving end of food donations. Recognizing Evelyn’s profound commitment to our commu-nity, the city of Reno renamed a com-munity center near Evelyn’s home, ti-tling it the Evelyn Mount Northeast Community Center. This center re-minds us all of the difference just one person can make in the lives of many. I ask my colleagues to join me in fur-ther recognizing Mrs. Evelyn Mount’s legacy for a life of humanitarianism and service to her community, for her sense of responsibility to others, and for her fight against hunger in Reno, NV. Evelyn Mount is the epitome of a community leader, and I admire her unparalleled ability to inspire others to donate their time and energy to a cause greater than themselves. ∑ f 
2018 IDAHO HOMETOWN HERO MEDALISTS ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 2018 Idaho Home-town Hero Medalists. Idahoans who are extraordinarily dedicated to hard work, self-improve-ment, and community service are hon-ored each year since 2011 with the Idaho Hometown Hero Medal. Drs. Fahim and Naeem Rahim established this award to recognize outstanding Idahoans working for the betterment of our communities. Ten Idahoans were selected to receive the award this year. They were hon-ored at a celebration themed Lighting the Future, for those who are inspiring and leading the way for a better tomor-row. Liyah Babayan, a refugee from Azerbaijan living in Twin Falls, is being honored for her efforts to raise awareness and resources to address chronic posttraumatic stress disorder, PTSD, in refugees, especially children. Christian Colonel, of Pocatello, is a former Major League Baseball player honored for using his understanding of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.025 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6540 October 4, 2018 
alcoholism to reach out to area high school students about the severe im-pact of alcohol abuse and addiction. Russell Davies, of Chubbuck, who is president of PTSD Veteran Athletes, is being honored for his extraordinary commitment to veterans and the local community. Pocatello small business owner and former police officer Nicolas Garcia is being honored for his chari-table activities in the community that include sponsoring a Thanksgiving din-ner to provide food and fellowship to others, donating generously to High-land High School Hispanic Awareness Leadership Organization, support for local law enforcement, and many other community efforts. Peggy Elliott Goldwyn, of Sun Val-ley, who is the founder of the Family of Woman Film Festival, is recognized for her mentorship of young women, using filmmaking to raise awareness about issues affecting women and children, and creating opportunities for other filmmakers and storytellers who stand up for women’s rights. Thirteen-year- old Alexander Knoll, of Post Falls, is receiving the award for his human rights advocacy, international speak-ing and app invention, including an app to help people with disabilities navi-gate public spaces by providing infor-mation about wheelchair ramps, dis-abled parking, braille menus, and more. Carrie Madden, of Idaho Falls, who lost her daughter, McKenzie, to domestic violence, is being honored for turning the loss of McKenzie into a na-tionwide movement that brings rec-ognition to this violent epidemic that impacts families nationwide. Retired Lieutenant Colonel Reginald R. Reeves, an Idaho Falls attorney and executive director of the Sun Valley Charitable Foundation, Inc., is recog-nized for his service to others in many capacities, including his facilitation of donations of food and other goods to those in need and providing pro bono advocacy for Active military and vet-erans and service to others in other ca-pacities. Lesli Schei, of Chubbuck, is being recognized for her outstanding leadership and tireless efforts in serv-ing children across Idaho through the Parent Teacher Association, as well as serving abused, abandoned, and ne-glected children in southeastern Idaho. Bowen Toomey, an 11-year-old who was born in Serbia and lives in Eagle, has not let physical challenges hold him back and is being recognized for his en-ergy, determination, and inspiration. I thank the Rahims, the award’s committee members, the cosponsors, volunteers, and other organizations supporting this honor for spotlighting great, caring work in our communities. I also thank these 10 honorees for their acts of kindness that, without a doubt, inspire others. I commend them for their leadership and representation of countless Idahoans who have not yet been honored who contribute each day to bettering our communities. Congratulations to the 2018 Idaho Hometown Hero Award recipients on your achievements, and thank you for your exceptionalism in our commu-nities.∑ TRIBUTE TO LELAND CADE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Leland Paul Cade of Golden Valley County for his impact on the sur-rounding central Montana region. Leland was born in 1925 on the Cade homestead just North of Lavina, MT. He was the third child of five. Leland often recalls the days of having no car and having to harness a team up to the wagon. Years later, he recalled what a challenge it was for a kid from a home-stead that had no electricity or run-ning water to learn to use flush toilets with paper on a roll and faucets with hot and cold water. Leland graduated from Lavina High School in 1942. Directly after gradua-tion, Leland enlisted in the Army, where his main job was to be a horse trainer. After being discharged from the Army, Leland attended Montana State College in Bozeman, graduating in 1950 with a degree in agriculture. He went on to work as an extension agent for the next 16 years. Later he went and worked as the editor for the Mon-tana Farmer-Stockman, located in Bil-lings. During this time, he continued his commitment to education and im-proving the farm and ranch economy throughout Montana and the West. Leland has published 11 books on the homestead era. His recognition of the homesteaders on the eastern Montana plains has helped educated a great many people. Along with his publica-tions, Leland also helped found the Mu-seum of the Northern Great Plains in Fort Benton. Leland Cade is truly a son of Mon-tana, born and raised on that short grass prairie north of Billings, a testa-ment to all that embodies Montana. I congratulate Leland on his lifelong commitment to agriculture and edu-cation.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHARLOTTE WEBER ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Charlotte Weber for being named the National Breeder of the Year by the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association. The Thoroughbred Owners and Breed-ers Association presented Charlotte with this award during the 33rd annual national awards dinner at the Woodford Reserve Club in Lexington, KY. She is the owner and sole operator of Live Oak Stud in Ocala, and for the first time, a broodmare based outside of Kentucky received this recognition. Live Oak Stud is a 4,500-acre thor-oughbred farm and commercial cattle operation that Charlotte has guided since 1995. Her breeding and racing op-eration’s distinctive black, red, and white silks have become a nationally recognized racing symbol. Over the years, Live Oak Stud has seen its record of success grow. Charlotte’s horse, Win Approval, dam of World Ap-proval, was also named Broodmare of the Year by the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association. This horse has become a central part of Live Oak Stud’s success. I extend my best wishes to Charlotte and look forward to hearing of Live Oak Stud’s continued success as she brings prestige to Florida horse breed-ing.∑ f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 3532. A bill to authorize the United States Postal Service to provide certain non-postal property, products, and services on be-half of State, local, and tribal governments. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, October 4, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 2553. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit Medicare part D plans from restricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6751. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Adminis-tration’s 2018 compensation program adjust-ments; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6752. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Flumioxazin; Pes-ticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9984–01) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6753. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Addi-tion of Certain Entities to the Entity List, Revision of an Entry on the Entity List and Removal of an Entity from the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AH63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6754. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities’’ (RIN2590–AA45) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 24, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6755. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.030 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6541 October 4, 2018 
pursuant to law, a report on appropriations legislation within seven days of enactment; to the Committee on the Budget. EC–6756. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Illinois; Permit-by-Rule Provisions’’ (FRL No. 9985–11–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6757. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS; Multistate Trans-port’’ (FRL No. 9985–12–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6758. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Oregon; Lane County Permitting and Gen-eral Rule Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9984–78–Re-gion 10) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6759. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; State of Iowa; Attainment Redesignation for 2008 Lead NAAQS and Associated Mainte-nance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9984–64–Region 7) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6760. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Texas; Control of Air Pollution from Motor Vehicles with Mobile Source Incentive Pro-grams’’ (FRL No. 9983–93–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–6761. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) Ozone Season Emissions Caps for Non-Trad-ing Large NOx Units and Associated Revi-sions to General Administrative Provisions and Kraft Pulp Mill Regulation’’ (FRL No. 9984–97–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6762. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9984–99–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6763. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; 2018 Amendments to West Virginia’s Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards’’ (FRL No. 9985–00–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6764. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9984–96–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6765. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Virginia; Minor New Source Re-view Permitting’’ (FRL No. 9984–95–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6766. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Approval of Kansas Air Quality State Implementation Plans; Construction Permits and Approvals Pro-gram’’ (FRL No. 9984–66–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–6767. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fees for the Adminis-tration of the Toxic Substances Control Act’’ (FRL No. 9984–41) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6768. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief of Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ (FRL No. 9984–65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6769. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator of the Diversion Control Division, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of N–Ethylpentylone in Schedule I’’ ((21 CFR Part 1308) (Docket No. DEA–482)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–6770. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Place-ment in Schedule V of Certain FDA–Ap-proved Drugs Containing Cannabidiol; Cor-responding Change to Permit Requirements’’ ((21 CFR Parts 1308, 1312) (Docket No. DEA– 486)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2018; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–6771. A communication from the Sec-retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems (NPIAS) 2019–2023’’; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 3031. A bill to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the man-agement of Federal personal property (Rept. No. 115–343). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 3546. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue in Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 3547. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Goodwin Street in Pleasanton, Texas, as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 3548. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 400 N. Main Street in Encinal, Texas, as the ‘‘Encinal Veterans Post Office’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. G
RA-
HAM, Mr. K AINE, and Mr. G ARDNER ): S. 3549. A bill to establish the Palestinian Partnership Fund to promote joint economic development and finance joint ventures be-tween Palestinian entrepreneurs and compa-nies in the United States, Israel, and coun-tries in the Middle East to improve economic cooperation and people to people exchanges to further shared community building, peaceful coexistence, dialogue, and reconcili-ation between Israelis and Palestinians; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 3550. A bill to modify the procedures for issuing special recreation permits for certain public land units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 3551. A bill to adopt a certain California flammability standard as a Federal flamma-bility standard to protect against the risk of upholstered furniture flammability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.003 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6542 October 4, 2018 
S. Res. 666. A resolution designating Octo-ber 6, 2018, as ‘‘National Coaches Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. D
AINES , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. R
OUNDS , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. Res. 667. A resolution condemning perse-cution of religious minorities in the People’s Republic of China and any actions that limit their free expression and practice of faith; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. R EED, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C
RAPO , and Mr. H ELLER ): S. Res. 668. A resolution designating Octo-ber 5, 2018, as ‘‘Energy Efficiency Day’’ in celebration of the economic and environ-mental benefits that have been driven by pri-vate sector innovation and Federal energy policies; considered and agreed to. By Mr. KING (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. Res. 669. A resolution supporting the designation of September 2018 as ‘‘National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the exclu-sion for employer-provided education assistance to employer payments of student loans. 
S. 998 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 998, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect person-ally identifiable information, and for other purposes. 
S. 1158 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1158, a bill to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and inter-national security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to such cri-ses. 
S. 2060 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2060, a bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes. 
S. 2387 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2387, a bill to pro-vide better care and outcomes for Americans living with Alzheimer’s dis-ease and related dementias and their caregivers while accelerating progress toward prevention strategies, disease modifying treatments, and, ultimately, a cure. S. 2432 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2432, a bill to amend the charter of the Future Farmers of America, and for other purposes. 
S. 2827 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. K
YL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2827, a bill to amend the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act. 
S. 2942 
At the request of Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, the name of the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2942, a bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to establish January 31 of each year as the Federal closing date for duck hunting season and to establish special duck hunting days for youths, veterans, and active military personnel, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. W
ARNER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2957, supra. 
S. 2971 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2971, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to pro-hibit animal fighting in the United States territories. 
S. 3040 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3040, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with respect to reporting certain posi-tive consumer credit information to consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 3049 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3049, a bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require paper ballots and risk-limiting audits in all Federal elections, and for other purposes. S. 3063 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3063, a bill to delay the reimposi-tion of the annual fee on health insur-ance providers until after 2020. 
S. 3177 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3177, a bill to amend the Financial Sta-bility Act of 2010 to include the State insurance commissioner as a voting member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3338 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3338, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to finalize certain proposed provisions relating to the Programs of All-Inclu-sive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
S. 3492 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3492, a bill to improve the re-moval of lead from drinking water in public housing. 
S. 3530 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3530, a bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. 
S. 3540 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3540, a bill to provide a coordinated regional response to man-age effectively the endemic violence and humanitarian crisis in El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. 
S.J. RES. 64 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Sen-ator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 64, a joint resolution providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of the Treasury relating to ‘‘Returns by Ex-empt Organizations and Returns by Certain Non-Exempt Organizations’’. 
S. RES. 636 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Washington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.007 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6543 October 4, 2018 
(Mrs. M URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 636, a resolution recog-nizing suicide as a serious public health problem and expressing support for the designation of September as ‘‘National Suicide Prevention Month’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 3546. A bill to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue in Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Vet-erans Post Office Building’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3546 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MISSION VETERANS POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue in Mission, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Building’’. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 3547. A bill to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Goodwin Street in Pleasanton, Texas, as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3547 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PLEASANTON VETERANS POST OF-FICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Goodwin Street in Pleasanton, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. 3548. A bill to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 400 N. Main Street in Encinal, Texas, as the ‘‘Encinal Vet-erans Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3548 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ENCINAL VETERANS POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 400 N. Main Street in Encinal, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Encinal Vet-erans Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Encinal Veterans Post Office’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 666—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 6, 2018, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL COACHES DAY’’ Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 666 Whereas on August 29, 1972, the Senate passed a joint resolution authorizing and re-questing President Richard Nixon to des-ignate October 6, 1972, as National Coaches Day; Whereas on September 19, 1972, President Richard Nixon issued Proclamation 4157, which— (1) recognized that the athletic talent of men and women across the United States could not have grown without the leadership and encouragement of those people who coached them at every stage of development and progression; and (2) proclaimed October 6, 1972, as National Coaches Day; Whereas there are an estimated 20,000,000 coaches in the United States, including youth, junior high, travel, high school, col-lege, and professional coaches; Whereas 3 out of every 4 families in the United States with school-aged children have at least 1 child playing an organized sport, totalling approximately 45,000,000 children in the United States that play an organized sport; Whereas in high school, an estimated 55 percent of students play a sport and need the support of a coach; Whereas coaches represent stability, con-sistency, and direction in the lives of many athletes, despite the lives of coaches being fast-paced and high-stress; Whereas the marriages, families, and per-sonal health of coaches are often affected by the personal sacrifices made by coaches for the profession; Whereas spouses and partners of coaches play a unique and supportive role in the lives of coaches; Whereas a coach needs continuing support, encouragement, and resources to succeed both as a coach and at home; Whereas coaches represent a source of strength and hope in the lives of millions of young athletes; Whereas a coach is sometimes the only adult present in the life of a young athlete; Whereas a coach is a friend, a counselor, a mentor, and an advocate that helps dem-onstrate to athletes teamwork, discipline, and a healthy attitude toward competition; and Whereas the designation of October 6, 2018, as National Coaches Day will raise public awareness about the important and signifi-cant role that coaches play in the lives of millions of people in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the positive impact that coaches have on communities and players; (2) designates October 6, 2018, as ‘‘National Coaches Day’’; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f SENATE RESOLUTION 667—CON-DEMNING PERSECUTION OF RE-LIGIOUS MINORITIES IN THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA AND ANY ACTIONS THAT LIMIT THEIR FREE EXPRESSION AND PRACTICE OF FAITH Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OT-
TON, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. D AINES , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. R OUNDS , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 667 Whereas Article 18 of the Universal Dec-laration of Human Rights states that ‘‘ev-eryone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance’’; Whereas Article 36 of the Constitution of the People’s Republic of China (PRC) of 1982 states, ‘‘Citizens of the People’s Republic of China enjoy freedom of religious belief. No state organ, public organization or indi-vidual may compel citizens to believe in, or not to believe in, any religion; nor may they discriminate against citizens who believe in, any religion.’’; Whereas the United States Government es-timates there are 658,000,000 religious believ-ers in China, including 251,000,000 Buddhists, 70,000,000 Christians, 25,000,000 Muslims, 302,000,000 observers of folk religions, and 10,000,000 observers of other faiths, including Taoism; Whereas many members of religious mi-nority groups in China, including Uighurs, Hui, and Kazakh Muslims; Tibetan Bud-dhists; Catholics; Protestants; and Falun Gong, face severe repression and discrimina-tion because of their beliefs; Whereas Freedom House has labeled perse-cution of Protestants in the People’s Repub-lic of China as ‘‘high’’ on its spectrum of re-ligious persecution; Whereas government regulations in China require religious groups to register with the government through state-sanctioned patri-otic religious associations, which regularly review sermons and require church leaders to attend education sessions with religious bu-reau officials; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.009 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6544 October 4, 2018 
Whereas authorities continue to arrest and harass Christians in Zhejiang Province, in-cluding by requiring Christian churches to install surveillance cameras to enable daily police monitoring of their activities; Whereas there is an ongoing campaign by the Government of the People’s Republic of China to remove crosses and demolish churches; Whereas the Government of the People’s Republic of China considers several Chris-tian groups to be ‘‘evil cults’’; Whereas the Government of the People’s Republic of China restricts religious edu-cation in institutions across the country, in-cluding the ability of Muslims and Chris-tians to speak about their faith among uni-versity students, as well as strictly banning meetings of student religious organizations; Whereas national printing regulations re-strict the publication and distribution of lit-erature with religious content, allowing for religious texts published without authoriza-tion, including Bibles and Qurans, to be con-fiscated, and unauthorized publishing houses, closed; Whereas the Government of the People’s Republic of China limits distribution of Bi-bles to patriotic religious association enti-ties, and because individuals cannot order Bibles directly from publishing houses, un-registered churches have reported that the supply and distribution of Bibles is inad-equate; Whereas authorities in China continue to limit the number of Christian titles that can be published annually, with draft manu-scripts closely reviewed; Whereas the Government of the People’s Republic of China continues to cite concerns over the ‘‘three evils’’ of ‘‘ethnic separatism, religious extremism, and violent terrorism’’ as grounds to enact and enforce restrictions on religious practices of Muslims in the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region (XUAR), including Uighurs, Kazakhs, Kyrgyz, Hui, and Tajiks; Whereas it is estimated that hundreds of thousands of Uighur Muslims and members of other Muslim minority groups have been forcibly sent to reeducation centers, and ex-tensive and invasive security and surveil-lance practices have been instituted by Chi-nese authorities against them; Whereas the Government of the People’s Republic of China has sought the forcible re-patriation of Uighur Muslims from foreign countries and detained some of those who re-turned, leading many to seek asylum over-seas on the grounds of religious persecution; Whereas, as part of the ongoing ‘‘Three Illegals and One Item’’ campaign, inter-national media has reported that authorities in Xinjiang continue to confiscate Qurans and prayer rugs as illegal religious items; Whereas Tibetan Buddhists, including those outside the Tibet Autonomous Region (TAR), are prevented from worshiping the Dalai Lama openly, and authorities treat those seen as loyal to the Dalai Lama as a separatist threat; Whereas authorities in China have evicted at least 11,500 monks and nuns from Tibetan Buddhist institutes at Larung Gar and Yachen Gar since 2016; Whereas Uighur Muslims and Tibetan Bud-dhists have reported severe societal discrimi-nation in employment, housing, and business opportunities; Whereas the Chinese Communist Party maintains an extralegal, party-run security apparatus to eliminate the Falun Gong movement and other such organizations; Whereas, in 2017, it was reported that Chi-nese authorities sentenced almost 1,000 prac-titioners to imprisonment for practicing Falun Dafa, and 42 practitioners died in cus-tody or following release from prison due to injuries sustained while in custody; Whereas the Government of the People’s Republic of China does not recognize Juda-ism as belonging to 1 of 5 state-sanctioned patriotic religious associations, and there-fore practitioners are not permitted to reg-ister with the government and legally hold worship services or other religious cere-monies and activities; Whereas Congress unanimously passed the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–292), making it the official policy of the United States ‘‘to condemn vio-lations of religious freedom, and to promote, and to assist other governments in the pro-motion of, the fundamental right to freedom of religion’’ and to ‘‘[stand] for liberty and [stand] with the persecuted, to use and im-plement appropriate tools in the United States foreign policy apparatus, including diplomatic, political, commercial, chari-table, educational, and cultural channels, to promote respect for religious freedom by all governments and peoples’’; Whereas, under the International Religious Freedom Act, the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom has des-ignated China as a ‘‘country of particular concern’’ every year since 1999; Whereas Congress unanimously passed the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Free-dom Act (Public Law 114–281) in 2016 to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to enhance the capabilities of the United States to advance religious liberty globally through diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assistance; Whereas the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328), passed by Congress in 2016, gives authority to the President to impose targeted sanctions on individuals responsible for committing human rights violations; and Whereas the United States must show strong international leadership when it comes to the advancement of religious free-doms, liberties, and protections: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) strongly condemns the persecution of religious minorities in the People’s Republic of China and any actions that limit their free expression and practice of faith; (2) reaffirms the commitment of the United States in promoting religious free-dom and tolerance around the world and helping to provide protection and relief to religious minorities facing persecution and violence; (3) calls on the Government of the People’s Republic of China to uphold the Chinese Con-stitution in addition to the internationally recognized human right to freedom from re-ligious persecution and to end all forms of violence and discrimination against religious minorities; (4) strongly condemns the use of reeduca-tion centers, internment camps, and con-centration camps as punishment for reli-gious practice and expression; (5) strongly condemns the restriction and censorship of religious materials like the Bible, the Quran, and any other religious ar-ticles or literature sacrosanct to religious practice or expression; and (6) urges the President to take appropriate actions to promote religious freedom of reli-gious minorities in the People’s Republic of China, using the powers provided to the President under the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–292), the Frank R. Wolf International Religious Free-dom Act (Public Law 114–281), and the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114– 328). SENATE RESOLUTION 668—DESIG-NATING OCTOBER 5, 2018, AS ‘‘EN-ERGY EFFICIENCY DAY’’ IN CELEBRATION OF THE ECONOMIC AND ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS THAT HAVE BEEN DRIVEN BY PRIVATE SECTOR INNOVATION AND FEDERAL ENERGY POLICIES Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. W ARNER , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. R EED, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 668 Whereas October has been designated as ‘‘National Energy Awareness Month’’; Whereas improvements in energy effi-ciency technologies and practices, along with policies of the United States enacted since the 1970s, have resulted in energy sav-ings of more than 60,000,000,000,000,000 British thermal units and energy cost avoidance of more than $800,000,000,000 annually; Whereas energy efficiency has enjoyed bi-partisan support in Congress and in adminis-trations of both parties for more than 40 years; Whereas bipartisan legislation enacted since the 1970s to advance Federal energy ef-ficiency policies includes— (1) the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.); (2) the National Appliance Energy Con-servation Act of 1987 (Public Law 100–12; 101 Stat. 103); (3) the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 13201 et seq.); (4) the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801 et seq.); (5) the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17001 et seq.); and (6) the Energy Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–11; 129 Stat. 182); Whereas energy efficiency has long been supported by a diverse coalition of busi-nesses (including manufacturers, utilities, energy service companies, and technology firms), public-interest organizations, envi-ronmental and conservation groups, and State and local governments; Whereas, since 1980, the United States has more than doubled its energy productivity, realizing twice the economic output per unit of energy consumed; Whereas about 2,250,000 individuals in the United States are currently employed across the energy efficiency sector, as the United States has doubled its energy productivity and business and industry have become more innovative and competitive in global mar-kets; Whereas the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy of the Department of Energy is the principal Federal agency re-sponsible for renewable energy technologies and energy efficiency efforts; Whereas cutting energy waste saves the consumers of the United States billions of dollars on utility bills annually; and Whereas energy efficiency policies, financ-ing innovations, and public-private partner-ships have contributed to a reduction in en-ergy intensity in Federal facilities and vehi-cle fleets by over 47 percent since the mid- 1970s, which results in direct savings to United States taxpayers: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates October 5, 2018, as ‘‘Energy Efficiency Day’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.015 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6545 October 4, 2018 
(2) calls on the people of the United States to observe Energy Efficiency Day with ap-propriate programs, ceremonies, and activi-ties. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 669—SUP-PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF SEPTEMBER 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL ALCOHOL AND DRUG ADDICTION RECOVERY MONTH’’ Mr. KING (for himself and Mrs. C
AP-
ITO) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 669 Whereas the theme for National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month in 2018 is ‘‘Join the Voices for Recovery: Invest in Health, Homes, Purpose, and Community’’; Whereas an estimated 72,000 people in the United States suffered a fatal overdose in 2017, with an average number of 197 fatal overdoses per day; Whereas there are roughly 25,000,000 people in the United States in recovery from alco-hol and drug addiction; Whereas the total cost to the economy of prescription opioid misuse is $78,500,000,000 annually, and includes the cost of healthcare, lost productivity, addiction treatment, and involvement of the criminal justice system; Whereas people with substance use dis-order face stigma from health professionals as well as friends and family; Whereas it has been demonstrated that that stigma is a major barrier for people with substance use disorder to access treat-ment and engage in recovery; and Whereas peer-supported communities offer people with substance use disorder better success in recovery, address personal and emotional effects of addiction, and ease re-integration: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate joins the voices for recovery to invest in health, homes, pur-pose, and community in September 2018 and every month— (1) in recognizing the importance of edu-cation and prevention of substance use dis-order; (2) in exploring how integrated care, com-munity, and sense of purpose can lead to ef-fective and sustainable treatment; and (3) in showing appreciation and gratitude for family members, friends, and recovery al-lies who support individuals in recovery. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4045. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE ) proposed an amendment to the reso-lution S. Res. 642, designating the week of September 15 through September 22, 2018, as ‘‘National Estuaries Week’’. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4045. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 642, desig-nating the week of September 15 through September 22, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Estuaries Week’’; as follows: 
In the eighth whereas clause, strike ‘‘estu-aries along every coast and the Great Lakes’’ and insert ‘‘some estuaries’’. In the tenth whereas clause, strike ‘‘the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.)’’ and insert ‘‘section 320 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330)’’. AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I have 4 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 4, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Broadband: Opportunities and Chal-lenges in Rural America.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 4, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Com-bating Money Laundering and other Forms of Illicit Finance: Regulators and Law Enforcement Perspectives on Reform.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, Octo-ber 4, 2018, at 11 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Earle D. Litzenberger, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Azer-baijan, Eric George Nelson, of Texas, to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Judith Gail Garber, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Cyprus, and Jeffrey Ross Gun-ter, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Iceland, all of the De-partment of State. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, October 4, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a closed briefing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Hannah Smith be given floor privileges for the re-mainder of this Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jay Nathan, a fellow in Senator K
ENNEDY ’s office, be granted floor privileges for the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions Committee be discharged from further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 636. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 636) recognizing sui-cide as a serious public health problem and expressing support for the designation of September as ‘‘National Suicide Prevention Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 636) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of September 18, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL ESTUARIES WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 642 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 642) designating the week of September 15 through September 22, 2018, as ‘‘National Estuaries Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the com-mittee was discharged and the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the Whitehouse amend-ment to the preamble be considered and agreed to, the preamble, as amend-ed, be agreed to, and the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 642) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 4045) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the preamble) In the eighth whereas clause, strike ‘‘estu-aries along every coast and the Great Lakes’’ and insert ‘‘some estuaries’’. In the tenth whereas clause, strike ‘‘the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.)’’ and insert ‘‘section 320 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330)’’. 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 642 Whereas estuary regions cover only 13 per-cent of land area in the continental United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.017 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6546 October 4, 2018 
States but contain nearly 43 percent of the population, 40 percent of jobs, and nearly 50 percent of the economic output of the United States; Whereas the commercial and recreational fishing industries support over 1,600,000 jobs in the United States; Whereas in 2016— (1) commercial fish landings in the United States were valued at $5,300,000,000; (2) 9,600,000 recreational anglers took near-ly 63,000,000 saltwater fishing trips; and (3) consumers in the United States spent $93,200,000,000 on fishery products; Whereas estuaries provide vital habitats for— (1) countless species of fish and wildlife, in-cluding more than 68 percent of the commer-cial fish catch in the United States by value and 80 percent of the recreational fish catch in the United States by weight; and (2) many species that are listed as threat-ened or endangered species; Whereas estuaries provide critical eco-system services that protect human health and public safety, including through water filtration, flood control, shoreline stabiliza-tion, erosion prevention, and the protection of coastal communities during hurricanes, storms, and other extreme weather events; Whereas by the 1980s the United States had already lost more than 50 percent of the wet-lands that existed in the original 13 colonies; Whereas some bays in the United States that were once filled with fish and oysters have become dead zones filled with excess nutrients, chemical waste, and marine de-bris; Whereas harmful algal blooms are hurting fish, wildlife, and human health, and are causing serious ecological and economic harm to some estuaries; Whereas changes in sea level can affect es-tuarine water quality and estuarine habi-tats; Whereas section 320 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330) (com-monly known as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’) au-thorizes the development of comprehensive conservation and management plans to en-sure that the designated uses of estuaries are protected and to restore and maintain— (1) the chemical, physical, and biological integrity of estuaries; (2) water quality; (3) a balanced indigenous population of shellfish, fish, and wildlife; and (4) recreational activities in estuaries; Whereas the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.) provides that the policy of the United States is to preserve, protect, develop, and, if possible, restore or enhance the resources of the coastal zone of the United States, including estuaries, for current and future generations; Whereas 27 coastal and Great Lakes States and territories of the United States operate or contain a National Estuary Program or a National Estuarine Research Reserve; Whereas scientific study leads to a better understanding of the benefits of estuaries to human and ecological communities; Whereas the Federal Government, State, local, and Tribal governments, national and community organizations, and individuals work together to effectively manage the es-tuaries of the United States; Whereas estuary restoration efforts restore natural infrastructure in local communities in a cost-effective manner, helping to create jobs and reestablish the natural functions of estuaries that yield countless benefits; and Whereas the week of September 15 through September 22, 2018, is recognized as ‘‘Na-tional Estuaries Week’’ to increase aware-ness among all people of the United States, including Federal Government and State, local, and Tribal government officials, about the importance of healthy estuaries and the need to protect and restore estuaries: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of September 15 through September 22, 2018, as ‘‘National Es-tuaries Week’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Estuaries Week; (3) acknowledges the importance of estu-aries to sustaining employment in the United States and the economic well-being and prosperity of the United States; (4) recognizes that persistent threats un-dermine the health of estuaries; (5) applauds the work of national and com-munity organizations and public partners that promote public awareness, under-standing, protection, and restoration of estu-aries; (6) supports the scientific study, preserva-tion, protection, and restoration of estu-aries; and (7) expresses the intent of the Senate to continue working to understand, protect, and restore the estuaries of the United States. f 
ENERGY EFFICIENCY DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 668, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 668) designating Octo-ber 5, 2018, as ‘‘Energy Efficiency Day’’ in celebration of the economic and environ-mental benefits that have been driven by pri-vate sector innovation and Federal energy policies. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 668) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL ALCOHOL AND DRUG ADDICTION RECOVERY MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 669, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 669) supporting the designation of September 2018 as ‘‘National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 669) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SPOKANE TRIBE OF INDIANS OF THE SPOKANE RESERVATION EQ-UITABLE COMPENSATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 397, S. 995. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 995) to provide for equitable com-pensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 995 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation Equitable Compensation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) from 1927 to 1931, at the direction of Congress, the Corps of Engineers inves-tigated the Columbia River and its tribu-taries to determine sites at which power could be produced at low cost; (2) under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)), when licenses are issued involving tribal land within an Indian reservation, a reasonable annual charge shall be fixed for the use of the land, subject to the approval of the Indian tribe having juris-diction over the land; (3) in August 1933, the Columbia Basin Commission, an agency of the State of Wash-ington, received a preliminary permit from the Federal Power Commission for water power development at the Grand Coulee site; (4) had the Columbia Basin Commission or a private entity developed the site, the Spo-kane Tribe would have been entitled to a reasonable annual charge for the use of the land of the Spokane Tribe; (5) in the mid-1930s, the Federal Govern-ment, which is not subject to licensing under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.029 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6547 October 4, 2018 
the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.)— (A) federalized the Grand Coulee Dam project; and (B) began construction of the Grand Coulee Dam; (6) when the Grand Coulee Dam project was federalized, the Federal Government recog-nized that— (A) development of the project affected the interests of the Spokane Tribe and the Con-federated Tribes of the Colville Reservation; and (B) it would be appropriate for the Spokane and Colville Tribes to receive a share of rev-enue from the disposition of power produced at Grand Coulee Dam; (7) in the Act of June 29, 1940 (16 U.S.C. 835d et seq.), Congress— (A) granted to the United States— (i) in aid of the construction, operation, and maintenance of the Columbia Basin Project, all the right, title, and interest of the Spokane Tribe and Colville Tribes in and to the tribal and allotted land within the Spokane and Colville Reservations, as des-ignated by the Secretary of the Interior from time to time; and (ii) other interests in that land as required and as designated by the Secretary for cer-tain construction activities undertaken in connection with the project; and (B) provided that compensation for the land and other interests was to be deter-mined by the Secretary in such amounts as the Secretary determined to be just and eq-uitable; (8) pursuant to that Act, the Secretary paid— (A) to the Spokane Tribe, $4,700; and (B) to the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, $63,000; (9) in 1994, following litigation under the Act of August 13, 1946 (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Claims Commission Act’’ (60 Stat. 1049, chapter 959; former 25 U.S.C. 70 et seq.)), Congress ratified the Colville Settle-ment Agreement, which required— (A) for past use of the land of the Colville Tribes, a payment of $53,000,000; and (B) for continued use of the land of the Colville Tribes, annual payments of $15,250,000, adjusted annually based on reve-nues from the sale of electric power from the Grand Coulee Dam project and transmission of that power by the Bonneville Power Ad-ministration; (10) the Spokane Tribe, having suffered harm similar to that suffered by the Colville Tribes, did not file a claim within the 5-year statute of limitations under the Indian Claims Commission Act; (11) neither the Colville Tribes nor the Spo-kane Tribe filed claims for compensation for use of the land of the respective tribes with the Commission prior to August 13, 1951, but both tribes filed unrelated land claims prior to August 13, 1951; (12) in 1976, over objections by the United States, the Colville Tribes were successful in amending the 1951 Claims Commission land claims to add the Grand Coulee claim of the Colville Tribes; (13) the Spokane Tribe had no such claim to amend, having settled the Claims Com-mission land claims of the Spokane Tribe with the United States in 1967; (14) the Spokane Tribe has suffered signifi-cant harm from the construction and oper-ation of Grand Coulee Dam; (15) Spokane tribal acreage taken by the United States for the construction of Grand Coulee Dam equaled approximately 39 per-cent of Colville tribal acreage taken for con-struction of the dam; (16) the payments and delegation made pursuant to this Act constitute fair and eq-uitable compensation for the past and con-tinued use of Spokane tribal land for the pro-duction of hydropower at Grand Coulee Dam; and (17) by vote of the Spokane tribal member-ship, the Spokane Tribe has resolved that the payments and delegation made pursuant to this Act constitute fair and equitable compensation for the past and continued use of Spokane tribal land for the production of hydropower at Grand Coulee Dam. 
SEC. 3. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to provide fair and equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe for the use of the land of the Spokane Tribe for the generation of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Bon-neville Power Administration or the head of any successor agency, corporation, or entity that markets power produced at Grand Cou-lee Dam. (2) C
OLVILLE SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Colville Settlement Agreement’’ means the Settlement Agreement entered into between the United States and the Colville Tribes, signed by the United States on April 21, 1994, and by the Colville Tribes on April 16, 1994, to settle the claims of the Colville Tribes in Docket 181–D of the Indian Claims Commission, which docket was trans-ferred to the United States Court of Federal Claims. (3) C
OLVILLE TRIBES .—The term ‘‘Colville Tribes’’ means the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation. (4) C
OMPUTED ANNUAL PAYMENT .—The term ‘‘Computed Annual Payment’’ means the payment calculated under paragraph 2.b. of the Colville Settlement Agreement, without regard to any increase or decrease in the payment under section 2.d. of the agreement. (5) C
ONFEDERATED TRIBES ACT .—The term ‘‘Confederated Tribes Act’’ means the Con-federated Tribes of the Colville Reservation Grand Coulee Dam Settlement Act (Public Law 103–436; 108 Stat. 4577). ø(6) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Spokane Tribe of Indians Recovery Trust Fund established by section 5. ¿ (ø7¿6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (ø8¿7) S
POKANE BUSINESS COUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Spokane Business Council’’ means the governing body of the Spokane Tribe under the constitution of the Spokane Tribe. (ø9¿8) S
POKANE TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Spokane Tribe’’ means the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation, Washington. 
øSEC. 5. SPOKANE TRIBE OF INDIANS RECOVERY TRUST FUND. 
ø(a) E STABLISHMENT OF FUND.—There is es-tablished in the Treasury of the United States a separate account to be known as the ‘‘Spokane Tribe of Indians Recovery Trust Fund’’, consisting of— ø(1) amounts deposited in the Fund under subsection (b); and ø(2) any interest earned on investment of amounts in the Fund. ø(b) D
EPOSITS .—On October 1 of the first fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall, from the general fund of the Treasury, de-posit in the Fund $53,000,000. ø(c) M
AINTENANCE AND INVESTMENT OF  F
UND.—The Fund shall be maintained and in-vested by the Secretary in accordance with the Act of June 24, 1938 (25 U.S.C. 162a). ø(d) P
AYMENTS TO THE SPOKANE TRIBE.— ø(1) I
N GENERAL .—At any time after the date on which the Spokane Business Council has adopted a plan described in subsection (e) and after amounts are deposited in the Fund, the Spokane Business Council may re-quest that all or a portion of the amounts in the Fund be disbursed to the Spokane Tribe by submitting to the Secretary written no-tice of the adoption by the Spokane Business Council of a resolution requesting the dis-bursement. ø(2) PAYMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary receives no-tice under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall disburse the amounts requested from the Fund to the Spokane Tribe. ø(e) P
LAN.— ø(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Spokane Business Council shall prepare a plan that describes the manner in which the Spokane Tribe intends to use amounts re-ceived under subsection (d) to promote— ø(A) economic development; ø(B) infrastructure development; ø(C) educational, health, recreational, and social welfare objectives of the Spokane Tribe and the members of the Spokane Tribe; or ø(D) any combination of the activities de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (C). ø(2) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .— ø(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Spokane Business Council shall make available to the members of the Spokane Tribe for review and com-ment a copy of the plan before the date on which the plan is final, in accordance with procedures established by the Spokane Busi-ness Council. ø(B) U
PDATES .—The Spokane Business Council may update the plan on an annual basis, subject to the condition that the Spo-kane Business Council provides the members of the Spokane Tribe an opportunity to re-view and comment on the updated plan. ¿ 
SEC. ø6¿5. PAYMENTS BY ADMINISTRATOR. 
(a) I NITIAL PAYMENT .—On March 1, 2020, the Administrator shall pay to the Spokane Tribe an amount equal to 25 percent of the Computed Annual Payment for fiscal year 2019. (b) S
UBSEQUENT PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2021, and March 1 of each year thereafter through March 1, 2029, the Administrator shall pay the Spokane Tribe an amount equal to 25 percent of the Computed Annual Payment for the preceding fiscal year. (2) M
ARCH 1 , 2030, AND SUBSEQUENT YEARS .— Not later than March 1, 2030, and March 1 of each year thereafter, the Administrator shall pay the Spokane Tribe an amount equal to 32 percent of the Computed Annual Payment for the preceding fiscal year. 
SEC. ø7¿6. TREATMENT AFTER AMOUNTS ARE PAID. 
(a) U SE OF PAYMENTS .—Payments made to the Spokane Business Council or Spokane Tribe under section 5 øor 6¿ may be used or invested by the Spokane Business Council in the same manner and for the same purposes as other Spokane Tribe governmental amounts. (b) N
OTRUST RESPONSIBILITY OF THE SEC-
RETARY .—Neither the Secretary nor the Ad-ministrator shall have any trust responsi-bility for the investment, supervision, ad-ministration, or expenditure of any amounts after the date on which the funds are paid to the Spokane Business Council or Spokane Tribe under section 5 øor 6¿. (c) T
REATMENT OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN PUR-
POSES .—The payments of all amounts to the Spokane Business Council and Spokane Tribe under section 5 øsections 5 and 6¿, and the interest and income generated by those amounts, shall be treated in the same man-ner as payments under section 6 of the Sagi-naw Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan Dis-tribution of Judgment Funds Act (100 Stat. 677). (d) T
RIBAL AUDIT.—After the date on which amounts are paid to the Spokane Business 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.032 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6548 October 4, 2018 
Council or Spokane Tribe under section 5 øor 6¿, the amounts shall— (1) constitute Spokane Tribe governmental amounts; and (2) be subject to an annual tribal govern-ment audit. 
SEC. ø8¿7. REPAYMENT CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall deduct from the interest payable to the Sec-retary of the Treasury from net proceeds (as defined in section 13 of the Federal Columbia River Transmission System Act (16 U.S.C. 838k))— (1) in fiscal year 2030, $2,700,000; and (2) in each subsequent fiscal year in which the Administrator makes a payment under section 5 øsection 6¿, $2,700,000. (b) C
REDITING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), each deduction made under this section for the fiscal year shall be— (A) a credit to the interest payments oth-erwise payable by the Administrator to the Secretary of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the deduction is made; and (B) allocated pro rata to all interest pay-ments on debt associated with the genera-tion function of the Federal Columbia River Power System that are due during the fiscal year. (2) D
EDUCTION GREATER THAN AMOUNT OF IN -
TEREST .—If, in an applicable fiscal year under paragraph (1), the deduction is greater than the amount of interest due on debt as-sociated with the generation function for the fiscal year, the amount of the deduction that exceeds the interest due on debt associated with the generation function shall be allo-cated pro rata to all other interest payments due during the fiscal year. (3) C
REDIT .—To the extent that a deduction exceeds the total amount of interest de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2), the deduc-tion shall be applied as a credit against any other payments that the Administrator makes to the Secretary of the Treasury. 
SEC. ø9¿8. EXTINGUISHMENT OF CLAIMS. 
øOn the deposit of amounts in the Fund under section 5¿ On the date that payment under section 5(a) is made to the Spokane Tribe , all monetary claims that the Spokane Tribe has or may have against the United States to a fair share of the annual hydropower reve-nues generated by the Grand Coulee Dam project for the past and continued use of land of the Spokane Tribe for the production of hydropower at Grand Coulee Dam shall be extinguished. 
SEC. ø10¿9. ADMINISTRATION. 
Nothing in this Act establishes any prece-dent or is binding on the Southwestern Power Administration, Western Area Power Administration, or Southeastern Power Ad-ministration. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 995), as amended, was passed, as follows: S. 995 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation Equitable Compensation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) from 1927 to 1931, at the direction of Congress, the Corps of Engineers inves-tigated the Columbia River and its tribu-taries to determine sites at which power could be produced at low cost; (2) under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)), when licenses are issued involving tribal land within an Indian reservation, a reasonable annual charge shall be fixed for the use of the land, subject to the approval of the Indian tribe having juris-diction over the land; (3) in August 1933, the Columbia Basin Commission, an agency of the State of Wash-ington, received a preliminary permit from the Federal Power Commission for water power development at the Grand Coulee site; (4) had the Columbia Basin Commission or a private entity developed the site, the Spo-kane Tribe would have been entitled to a reasonable annual charge for the use of the land of the Spokane Tribe; (5) in the mid-1930s, the Federal Govern-ment, which is not subject to licensing under the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.)— (A) federalized the Grand Coulee Dam project; and (B) began construction of the Grand Coulee Dam; (6) when the Grand Coulee Dam project was federalized, the Federal Government recog-nized that— (A) development of the project affected the interests of the Spokane Tribe and the Con-federated Tribes of the Colville Reservation; and (B) it would be appropriate for the Spokane and Colville Tribes to receive a share of rev-enue from the disposition of power produced at Grand Coulee Dam; (7) in the Act of June 29, 1940 (16 U.S.C. 835d et seq.), Congress— (A) granted to the United States— (i) in aid of the construction, operation, and maintenance of the Columbia Basin Project, all the right, title, and interest of the Spokane Tribe and Colville Tribes in and to the tribal and allotted land within the Spokane and Colville Reservations, as des-ignated by the Secretary of the Interior from time to time; and (ii) other interests in that land as required and as designated by the Secretary for cer-tain construction activities undertaken in connection with the project; and (B) provided that compensation for the land and other interests was to be deter-mined by the Secretary in such amounts as the Secretary determined to be just and eq-uitable; (8) pursuant to that Act, the Secretary paid— (A) to the Spokane Tribe, $4,700; and (B) to the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, $63,000; (9) in 1994, following litigation under the Act of August 13, 1946 (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Claims Commission Act’’ (60 Stat. 1049, chapter 959; former 25 U.S.C. 70 et seq.)), Congress ratified the Colville Settle-ment Agreement, which required— (A) for past use of the land of the Colville Tribes, a payment of $53,000,000; and (B) for continued use of the land of the Colville Tribes, annual payments of $15,250,000, adjusted annually based on reve-nues from the sale of electric power from the Grand Coulee Dam project and transmission of that power by the Bonneville Power Ad-ministration; (10) the Spokane Tribe, having suffered harm similar to that suffered by the Colville Tribes, did not file a claim within the 5-year statute of limitations under the Indian Claims Commission Act; (11) neither the Colville Tribes nor the Spo-kane Tribe filed claims for compensation for use of the land of the respective tribes with the Commission prior to August 13, 1951, but both tribes filed unrelated land claims prior to August 13, 1951; (12) in 1976, over objections by the United States, the Colville Tribes were successful in amending the 1951 Claims Commission land claims to add the Grand Coulee claim of the Colville Tribes; (13) the Spokane Tribe had no such claim to amend, having settled the Claims Com-mission land claims of the Spokane Tribe with the United States in 1967; (14) the Spokane Tribe has suffered signifi-cant harm from the construction and oper-ation of Grand Coulee Dam; (15) Spokane tribal acreage taken by the United States for the construction of Grand Coulee Dam equaled approximately 39 per-cent of Colville tribal acreage taken for con-struction of the dam; (16) the payments and delegation made pursuant to this Act constitute fair and eq-uitable compensation for the past and con-tinued use of Spokane tribal land for the pro-duction of hydropower at Grand Coulee Dam; and (17) by vote of the Spokane tribal member-ship, the Spokane Tribe has resolved that the payments and delegation made pursuant to this Act constitute fair and equitable compensation for the past and continued use of Spokane tribal land for the production of hydropower at Grand Coulee Dam. 
SEC. 3. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to provide fair and equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe for the use of the land of the Spokane Tribe for the generation of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Bon-neville Power Administration or the head of any successor agency, corporation, or entity that markets power produced at Grand Cou-lee Dam. (2) C
OLVILLE SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Colville Settlement Agreement’’ means the Settlement Agreement entered into between the United States and the Colville Tribes, signed by the United States on April 21, 1994, and by the Colville Tribes on April 16, 1994, to settle the claims of the Colville Tribes in Docket 181–D of the Indian Claims Commission, which docket was trans-ferred to the United States Court of Federal Claims. (3) C
OLVILLE TRIBES .—The term ‘‘Colville Tribes’’ means the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation. (4) C
OMPUTED ANNUAL PAYMENT .—The term ‘‘Computed Annual Payment’’ means the payment calculated under paragraph 2.b. of the Colville Settlement Agreement, without regard to any increase or decrease in the payment under section 2.d. of the agreement. (5) C
ONFEDERATED TRIBES ACT .—The term ‘‘Confederated Tribes Act’’ means the Con-federated Tribes of the Colville Reservation Grand Coulee Dam Settlement Act (Public Law 103–436; 108 Stat. 4577). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.032 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6549 October 4, 2018 
(6) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (7) S
POKANE BUSINESS COUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Spokane Business Council’’ means the gov-erning body of the Spokane Tribe under the constitution of the Spokane Tribe. (8) S
POKANE TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Spokane Tribe’’ means the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation, Washington. 
SEC. 5. PAYMENTS BY ADMINISTRATOR. 
(a) I NITIAL PAYMENT .—On March 1, 2020, the Administrator shall pay to the Spokane Tribe an amount equal to 25 percent of the Computed Annual Payment for fiscal year 2019. (b) S
UBSEQUENT PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2021, and March 1 of each year thereafter through March 1, 2029, the Administrator shall pay the Spokane Tribe an amount equal to 25 percent of the Computed Annual Payment for the preceding fiscal year. (2) M
ARCH 1 , 2030, AND SUBSEQUENT YEARS .— Not later than March 1, 2030, and March 1 of each year thereafter, the Administrator shall pay the Spokane Tribe an amount equal to 32 percent of the Computed Annual Payment for the preceding fiscal year. 
SEC. 6. TREATMENT AFTER AMOUNTS ARE PAID. 
(a) U SE OF PAYMENTS .—Payments made to the Spokane Business Council or Spokane Tribe under section 5 may be used or in-vested by the Spokane Business Council in the same manner and for the same purposes as other Spokane Tribe governmental amounts. (b) N
OTRUST RESPONSIBILITY OF THE SEC-
RETARY .—Neither the Secretary nor the Ad-ministrator shall have any trust responsi-bility for the investment, supervision, ad-ministration, or expenditure of any amounts after the date on which the funds are paid to the Spokane Business Council or Spokane Tribe under section 5. (c) T
REATMENT OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN PUR-
POSES .—The payments of all amounts to the Spokane Business Council and Spokane Tribe under section 5, and the interest and income generated by those amounts, shall be treated in the same manner as payments under section 6 of the Saginaw Chippewa In-dian Tribe of Michigan Distribution of Judg-ment Funds Act (100 Stat. 677). (d) T
RIBAL AUDIT.—After the date on which amounts are paid to the Spokane Business Council or Spokane Tribe under section 5, the amounts shall— (1) constitute Spokane Tribe governmental amounts; and (2) be subject to an annual tribal govern-ment audit. 
SEC. 7. REPAYMENT CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall deduct from the interest payable to the Sec-retary of the Treasury from net proceeds (as defined in section 13 of the Federal Columbia River Transmission System Act (16 U.S.C. 838k))— (1) in fiscal year 2030, $2,700,000; and (2) in each subsequent fiscal year in which the Administrator makes a payment under section 5, $2,700,000. (b) C
REDITING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), each deduction made under this section for the fiscal year shall be— (A) a credit to the interest payments oth-erwise payable by the Administrator to the Secretary of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the deduction is made; and (B) allocated pro rata to all interest pay-ments on debt associated with the genera-tion function of the Federal Columbia River Power System that are due during the fiscal year. (2) D
EDUCTION GREATER THAN AMOUNT OF IN -
TEREST .—If, in an applicable fiscal year under paragraph (1), the deduction is greater than the amount of interest due on debt as-sociated with the generation function for the fiscal year, the amount of the deduction that exceeds the interest due on debt associated with the generation function shall be allo-cated pro rata to all other interest payments due during the fiscal year. (3) CREDIT .—To the extent that a deduction exceeds the total amount of interest de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2), the deduc-tion shall be applied as a credit against any other payments that the Administrator makes to the Secretary of the Treasury. 
SEC. 8. EXTINGUISHMENT OF CLAIMS. 
On the date that payment under section 5(a) is made to the Spokane Tribe, all mone-tary claims that the Spokane Tribe has or may have against the United States to a fair share of the annual hydropower revenues generated by the Grand Coulee Dam project for the past and continued use of land of the Spokane Tribe for the production of hydro-power at Grand Coulee Dam shall be extin-guished. 
SEC. 9. ADMINISTRATION. 
Nothing in this Act establishes any prece-dent or is binding on the Southwestern Power Administration, Western Area Power Administration, or Southeastern Power Ad-ministration. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ESTABLISHING A PROCEDURE FOR THE CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN FEDERAL PROPERTY AROUND THE DICKINSON RESERVOIR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 533, S. 440. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 440) to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means Dickinson Parks & Recreation in Dickin-son, North Dakota. (2) D
ICKINSON RESERVOIR .—The term ‘‘Dickin-son Reservoir’’ means the Dickinson Reservoir constructed as part of the Dickinson Unit, Heart Division, Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program, as authorized by section 9 of the Act of Decem-ber 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665). (3) G
AME AND FISH HEADQUARTERS .—The term ‘‘game and fish headquarters’’ means the ap-proximately 10 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Game and Fish Headquarters’’ on the Map. (4) M
ANAGEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Management Agreement’’ means the manage-ment agreement entitled ‘‘Management Agree-ment between the Bureau of Reclamation, et al., for the Development, Management, Operation, and Maintenance of Lands and Recreation Fa-cilities at Dickinson Reservoir’’, MA No. 07AG602222, Modification No. 1 and dated March 15, 2017. (5) MAP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map prepared by the Bureau of Reclamation, entitled ‘‘Dickinson Reservoir’’, and dated May 2018. (6) P
ERMITTED CABIN LAND .—The term ‘‘per-mitted cabin land’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Permitted Cabin Land’’ on the Map. (7) P
ROPERTY .—The term ‘‘property’’ means any cabin site located on permitted cabin land for which a permit is in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act. (8) R
ECREATION LAND .—The term ‘‘recreation land’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Recreation and Public Purpose Lands’’ on the Map. (9) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (10) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of North Dakota, acting through the North Dakota Game and Fish Department. 
SEC. 2. CONVEYANCES TO DICKINSON DEPART-MENT OF PARKS AND RECREATION. 
(a) C ONVEYANCES TO DICKINSON DEPARTMENT  
OFPARKS AND RECREATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the management requirements of paragraph (3) and the ease-ments and reservations under section 4, not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey to the De-partment all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to— (A) the recreation land; and (B) the permitted cabin land. (2) C
OSTS.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary shall convey the land described in paragraph (1) at no cost. (B) T
ITLE TRANSFER ; LAND SURVEYS .—As a condition of the conveyances under paragraph (1), the Department shall agree to pay all survey and other administrative costs necessary for the preparation and completion of any patents for, and transfers of title to, the land described in paragraph (1). (3) M
ANAGEMENT .— (A) R
ECREATION LAND .—The Department shall manage the recreation land conveyed under paragraph (1)— (i) for recreation and public purposes con-sistent with the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the ‘‘Recreation and Public Purposes Act’’) (44 Stat. 741, chapter 578; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.); (ii) for public access; (iii) for fish and wildlife habitat; or (iv) to preserve the natural character of the recreation land. (B) P
ERMITTED CABIN LAND .—The Department shall manage the permitted cabin land conveyed under paragraph (1)— (i) for cabins or recreational residences in ex-istence as of the date of enactment of this Act; or (ii) for any of the recreation land management purposes described in subparagraph (A). (4) H
AYING AND GRAZING .—With respect to recreation land conveyed under paragraph (1) that is used for haying or grazing authorized by the Management Agreement as of the date of en-actment of this Act, the Department may con-tinue to permit haying and grazing in a manner that is permissible under the 1 or more haying or grazing contracts in effect as of the date of en-actment of this Act. (b) R
EVERSION .—If a parcel of land conveyed under subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(1) is used in a manner that is inconsistent with the requirements described in subpara-graph (A) or (B), respectively, of subsection (a)(3), the parcel of land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. (c) S
ALE OF PERMITTED CABIN LAND BY DE-
PARTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Department sells any parcel of permitted cabin land conveyed under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Oct 11, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\RECORD18\OCTOBER\S04OC8.REC S04OC8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6550 October 4, 2018 
subsection (a)(1)(B), the parcel shall be sold at fair market value, as determined by a third- party appraiser in accordance with the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, subject to paragraph (2). (2) I
MPROVEMENTS .—For purposes of an ap-praisal conducted under paragraph (1), any im-provements on the permitted cabin land made by the permit holder shall not be included in the appraised value of the land. (3) P
ROCEEDS FROM THE SALE OF LAND BY THE  
DEPARTMENT .—If the Department sells a parcel of permitted cabin land conveyed under sub-section (a)(1)(B), the Department shall pay to the Secretary the amount of any proceeds of the sale that exceed the costs of preparing the sale by the Department. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS TO THE SEC-
RETARY .—Any amounts paid to the Secretary for land conveyed by the Secretary under this Act shall be made available to the Secretary, with-out further appropriation, for activities relating to the operation of the Dickinson Dam and Res-ervoir. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE OF GAME AND FISH HEAD-QUARTERS TO THE STATE. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE OF GAME AND FISHHEAD-
QUARTERS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey to the State all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to the game and fish headquarters, on the condition that the game and fish headquarters continue to be used as a game and fish headquarters or substan-tially similar purposes. (b) R
EVERSION .—If land conveyed under sub-section (a) is used in a manner that is incon-sistent with the requirements described in that subsection, the land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. 
SEC. 4. RESERVATIONS, EASEMENTS, AND OTHER OUTSTANDING RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each conveyance to the De-partment or the State pursuant to this Act shall be made subject to— (1) valid existing rights; (2) operational requirements of the Pick-Sloan Missouri River Basin Program, as authorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665), including the Dickinson Reservoir; (3) any flowage easement reserved by the United States to allow full operation of Dickin-son Reservoir for authorized purposes; (4) reservations described in the Management Agreement; (5) oil, gas, and other mineral rights reserved of record, as of the date of enactment of this Act, by, or in favor of, the United States or a third party; (6) any permit, license, lease, right-of-use, flowage easement, or right-of-way of record in, on, over, or across the applicable property or Federal land, whether owned by the United States or a third party, as of the date of enact-ment of this Act; (7) a deed restriction that prohibits building any new permanent structure on property below an elevation of 2,430.6 feet; and (8) the granting of applicable easements for— (A) vehicular access to the property; and (B) access to, and use of, all docks, boat-houses, ramps, retaining walls, and other im-provements for which access is provided in the permit for use of the property as of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) L
IABILITY ; TAKING .— (1) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for flood damage to a property subject to a permit, the Department, or the State, or for damages arising out of any act, omission, or oc-currence relating to a permit holder, the Depart-ment, or the State, other than for damages caused by an act or omission of the United States or an employee, agent, or contractor of the United States before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) TAKING .—Any temporary flooding or flood damage to the property of a permit holder, the Department, or the State, shall not be consid-ered to be a taking by the United States. 
SEC. 5. INTERIM REQUIREMENTS. 
During the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date of conveyance of a property or parcel of land under this Act, the provisions of the Manage-ment Agreement that are applicable to the prop-erty or land, or to leases between the State and the Secretary, and any applicable permits, shall remain in force and effect. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 440), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ESTABLISHING A PROCEDURE FOR THE CONVEYANCE OF CERTAIN FEDERAL PROPERTY AROUND THE JAMESTOWN RESERVOIR IN THE STATE OF NORTH DAKOTA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 537, S. 2074. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2074) to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment as follows: 
SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Stutsman County Park Board in Jamestown, North Dakota. (2) G
AME AND FISH HEADQUARTERS .—The term ‘‘game and fish headquarters’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Game and Fish Headquarters’’ on the Map. (3) J
AMESTOWN RESERVOIR .—The term ‘‘James-town Reservoir’’ means the Jamestown Reservoir constructed as a unit of the Missouri-Souris Di-vision, Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program, as authorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (commonly known as the ‘‘Flood Con-trol Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665). (4) M
ANAGEMENT AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘Management Agreement’’ means the manage-ment agreement entitled ‘‘Management Agree-ment between the United States of America and Stutsman County Park Board for the Manage-ment, Development, Operation and Mainte-nance of Recreation and Related Improvements and Facilities at Jamestown Reservoir Stutsman County, North Dakota’’, numbered 15–LM–60– 2255, and dated February 17, 2015. (5) MAP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map prepared by the Bureau of Reclamation, entitled ‘‘Jamestown Reservoir’’, and dated May 2018. (6) P
ERMITTED CABIN LAND .—The term ‘‘per-mitted cabin land’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Permitted Cabin Lands’’ on the Map. (7) P
ROPERTY .—The term ‘‘property’’ means any cabin site located on permitted cabin land for which a permit is in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act. (8) R
ECREATION LAND .—The term ‘‘recreation land’’ means the land depicted as ‘‘Recreation and Public Purpose Lands’’ on the Map. (9) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation. (10) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of North Dakota, acting through the North Dakota Game and Fish Department. 
SEC. 2. CONVEYANCES TO STUTSMAN COUNTY PARK BOARD. 
(a) C ONVEYANCES TO STUTSMAN COUNTY PARK B
OARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the management requirements of paragraph (3) and the ease-ments and reservations under section 4, not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey to the Board all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to— (A) the recreation land; and (B) the permitted cabin land. (2) C
OSTS.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Secretary shall convey the land described in paragraph (1) at no cost. (B) T
ITLE TRANSFER ; LAND SURVEYS .—As a condition of the conveyances under paragraph (1), the Board shall agree to pay all survey and other administrative costs necessary for the preparation and completion of any patents for, and transfers of title to, the land described in paragraph (1). (3) M
ANAGEMENT .— (A) R
ECREATION LAND .—The Board shall man-age the recreation land conveyed under para-graph (1)— (i) for recreation and public purposes con-sistent with the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the ‘‘Recreation and Public Purposes Act’’) (44 Stat. 741, chapter 578; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.); (ii) for public access; (iii) for fish and wildlife habitat; or (iv) to preserve the natural character of the recreation land. (B) P
ERMITTED CABIN LAND .—The Board shall manage the permitted cabin land conveyed under paragraph (1)— (i) for cabins or recreational residences in ex-istence as of the date of enactment of this Act; or (ii) for any of the recreation land management purposes described in subparagraph (A). (4) H
AYING AND GRAZING .—With respect to recreation land conveyed under paragraph (1) that is used for haying or grazing authorized by the Management Agreement as of the date of en-actment of this Act, the Board may continue to permit haying and grazing in a manner that is permissible under the 1 or more haying or graz-ing contracts in effect as of the date of enact-ment of this Act. (b) R
EVERSION .—If a parcel of land conveyed under subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(1) is used in a manner that is inconsistent with the requirements described in subpara-graph (A) or (B), respectively, of subsection (a)(3), the parcel of land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. (c) S
ALE OF PERMITTED CABIN LAND BY  B
OARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Board sells any parcel of permitted cabin land conveyed under sub-section (a)(1)(B), the parcel shall be sold at fair market value, as determined by a third-party appraiser in accordance with the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, subject to paragraph (2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.033 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6551 October 4, 2018 
(2) I MPROVEMENTS .—For purposes of an ap-praisal conducted under paragraph (1), any im-provements on the permitted cabin land made by a permit holder shall not be included in the ap-praised value of the land. (3) P
ROCEEDS FROM THE SALE OF LAND BY THE  
BOARD .—If the Board sells a parcel of permitted cabin land conveyed under subsection (a)(1)(B), the Board shall pay to the Secretary the amount of any proceeds of the sale that exceed the costs of preparing the sale by the Board. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS TO THE SEC-
RETARY .—Any amounts paid to the Secretary for land conveyed by the Secretary under this Act shall be made available to the Secretary, with-out further appropriation, for activities relating to the operation of the Jamestown Dam and Reservoir. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE OF GAME AND FISH HEAD-QUARTERS TO THE STATE. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE OF GAME AND FISHHEAD-
QUARTERS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey to the State all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to the game and fish headquarters, on the condition that the game and fish headquarters continue to be used as a game and fish headquarters or substan-tially similar purposes. (b) R
EVERSION .—If land conveyed under sub-section (a) is used in a manner that is incon-sistent with the requirements described in that subsection, the land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. 
SEC. 4. RESERVATIONS, EASEMENTS, AND OTHER OUTSTANDING RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each conveyance to the Board or the State pursuant to this Act shall be made subject to— (1) valid existing rights; (2) operational requirements of the Pick-Sloan Missouri River Basin Program, as authorized by section 9 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Flood Control Act of 1944’’) (58 Stat. 891, chapter 665), including the Jamestown Reservoir; (3) any flowage easement reserved by the United States to allow full operation of the Jamestown Reservoir for authorized purposes; (4) reservations described in the Management Agreement; (5) oil, gas, and other mineral rights reserved of record, as of the date of enactment of this Act, by, or in favor of, the United States or a third party; (6) any permit, license, lease, right-of-use, flowage easement, or right-of-way of record in, on, over, or across the applicable property or Federal land, whether owned by the United States or a third party, as of the date of enact-ment of this Act; (7) a deed restriction that prohibits building any new permanent structure on property below an elevation of 1,454 feet; and (8) the granting of applicable easements for— (A) vehicular access to the property; and (B) access to, and use of, all docks, boat-houses, ramps, retaining walls, and other im-provements for which access is provided in the permit for use of the property as of the date of enactment of this Act. (b) L
IABILITY ; TAKING .— (1) L
IABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for flood damage to a property subject to a permit, the Board, or the State, or for damages arising out of any act, omission, or occurrence relating to a permit holder, the Board, or the State, other than for damages caused by an act or omission of the United States or an employee, agent, or contractor of the United States before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) T
AKING .—Any temporary flooding or flood damage to the property of a permit holder, the Board, or the State, shall not be considered to be a taking by the United States. 
SEC. 5. INTERIM REQUIREMENTS. 
During the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date of conveyance of a property or parcel of land under this Act, the provisions of the Manage-ment Agreement that are applicable to the prop-erty or land, or to leases between the State and the Secretary, and any applicable permits, shall remain in force and effect. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 2074), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Friday, October 5; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume consider-ation of the Kavanaugh nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask that it stand ad-journed following the remarks of Sen-ators M
ERKLEY , BENNET , and P ORTMAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, mo-ments ago, I was outside at a rally on the lawn of the Capitol, looking at the Supreme Court of the United States of America. When you look at that beau-tiful building, you see the phrase ‘‘equal justice under law’’ above the big, beautiful doors of entry—equal jus-tice under law. That is the concept be-hind the Supreme Court. Every other court can make decisions, but they can be appealed—the final determination, balancing the parts of the Constitution against each other, understanding and exercising the fundamental vision con-tained in this beautiful ‘‘We the Peo-ple’’ document. That is what those nine Justices are all about. For an individual to become a Jus-tice, it takes two steps. The first is, it is considered by the President as to whom to nominate. Having nominated, it comes over to the Senate. This is the confirmation process. The Founders, when they wrote the Constitution, wrestled with, how do you appoint individuals to these key positions? They said: Well, we could give the power to the assembly, so that would be a check on the executive or a check on the judiciary getting out of control. But they worried that Sen-ators might trade favors: You put my friend in this position; I will put your friend in that position. They said that the nominating power needed to rest with one individual— that being, of course, the President of the United States of America. Then they said: What happens if a President goes off track? Alexander Hamilton spoke to this and called it fa-voritism—favoritism of a variety of types. What if the President goes off track and starts nominating friends when they are qualified for particular positions? What if he only nominates people from his home State, ignoring the qualities of many people who might be better qualified? What if there comes a situation where perhaps favors are done for the President in exchange for a position? The Founders said that there needs to be a check; that is, the Senate confirmation process. It is a pretty good design. I can’t think of any one better. Essentially, the confirmation process is like a job interview: Is this indi-vidual fit to serve in the executive branch? Is this person fit to be a judge? Is this person fit to be a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States of America? That term, ‘‘fit,’’ is the term that Alexander Hamilton used when he was writing about the fundamental goal of the Founders to decide if an in-dividual by experience and character was fit or unfit. That is our job here. Throughout our history, it is a clear separation of pow-ers. The Senate cannot intervene in terms of whom the President nomi-nates, and the President cannot inter-vene in terms of the review process of that nominee. Now we have something that has hap-pened in an extraordinary fashion. It has never happened in the United States before, as far as we are aware; that is, the President of the United States, President Trump, has violated that separation of powers, and he has done so in three fundamental ways. After nominating, he did not leave the Senate to review the record. He in-stead had his team call up Senators who lead the Judiciary Committee and say: Don’t let the Senate get their hands on any of the records for the 3 years in which the nominee served as Staff Secretary. That is a direct intervention, a viola-tion of the separation of powers. When I say ‘‘he,’’ I am referring to his team. That intervention was unacceptable. Then the Senate requested the records for the time he served on the White House Counsel. In this case, the President assigned an individual and gave him a stamp labeled ‘‘Presidential 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04OC6.034 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6552 October 4, 2018 
privilege,’’ and that individual pro-ceeded to stamp not 10 pages of docu-ments, not 100, not 1,000, not 10,000, but 100,000 pages of relevant information were stamped ‘‘Presidential privilege’’ and were not delivered to the Senate. The President of the United States, in-stead of responding to the Senate’s re-quest for records, proceeded to exercise what he referred to as Presidential privilege or what we know to be Execu-tive privilege and prevented the Senate from getting those documents. Why did that happen? We got some of the documents that made it through that censorship process but not all of them. From the documents we did re-ceive, we found some information. We found out that when he served, he had been very involved in several nomina-tions, discussions on nominations, even though he had indicated he had not played much of a role. We found out that he was involved in the conversa-tion on torture, even though he had said he had not been involved. We found out that he had directly received documents stolen from the Democrats, even though he said he had not re-ceived those documents. That is just in the documents received. What is in the 100,000 documents the President marked ‘‘Presidential privilege’’ so we could not get them? What is being hid-den in those documents? This violation of separation of pow-ers—a violation that has never oc-curred in this manner to this degree, to this extent or anything close to it as far as any researcher has been able to ascertain—is unacceptable. The Senate must stand up for its right to be able to review the record of nominees. Sure, some of my colleagues are pret-ty happy that these documents got blocked because they don’t want to know what is in them because they have already made up their minds. But reverse the situation. Consider that maybe a different President is in place, proposing a judge of a different judicial philosophy. Do we really want to compromise the fundamental rights of the Senate, their responsibilities of the Senate of advice and consent? We do not. It is wrong. Each of us, every one of us, took an oath of office to uphold the Constitu-tion. Now, that Constitution gives each of us, every one of us, the responsi-bility to review the record of nominees and decide if they are fit or unfit, and none of us can do that if we don’t have those records. So let’s stand up together and tell the President to deliver those docu-ments. Well, now, you might ask: Isn’t there some justification for this Presi-dential privilege? Consider this: These are records that occurred under Presi-dent Bush, but it is not President Bush asserting privilege, it is President Trump. How could his—that is, Presi-dent Trump’s—conversations be com-promised by records from a previous administration? Doesn’t this sound suspicious? The only reason anyone can think of is not that they compromise confiden-tial information about the Trump ad-ministration but that simply they have information that would not look good in regard to our review of Judge Kavanaugh’s record. So when you have this situation, this abuse of power, we sometimes turn to the courts to say stop that abuse, and that is what I have done. I filed suit and said: Stop this abuse of power by the President stepping in and blocking the Senate from seeing those 100,000 documents, for which no justification has been provided. It isn’t that the President said: Well, on this page there is this type of sen-sitive information and that is pro-tected because it affects my adminis-tration. No, no justification. So that alone tells you this Senate should never confirm this individual because we have not had the opportunity to re-view his record. The President is hiding these documents. He does not want us to see them because it probably has a lot of information unbecoming to this nominee. You don’t hear the nominee saying: No. Deliver the records. I want the Senate to know everything about me. No, the nominee is not interested in us being able to actually see his ju-dicial views or his character in that context. So this is one reason he should be rejected. How about this. Should anyone serve on the Supreme Court, that beautiful place where we consider equal justice under the law, who has repeatedly lied to the U.S. Senate during his confirma-tion hearings? He lied in 2006 time after time. My colleagues who served in 2006—I did not—have pointed this out in detail. He lied on key issues, key issues related to the documents I was referring to. Then we had his performance in the Senate just last week where he pro-ceeded to tell all kinds of whoppers. The press has laid them out. Some arti-cles talk about 20-plus whoppers he has told, and by ‘‘whoppers,’’ I mean lies. I mean deceptions. I mean inaccuracies. I mean things he knew not to be true. That is unacceptable, to put any indi-vidual on the Court who cannot be truthful when questioned before Con-gress. Then we have the fact that he has this record of engaging in behavior abusive to women. Now, it took a lot of courage for Dr. Ford to come forward and tell her experiences in high school, and it took a lot of courage for Debbie Ramirez to come forward and talk about her experiences in her freshman year. She shared how Mr. Kavanaugh— Judge Kavanaugh—had directly en-gaged in massively inappropriate sex-ual behavior. When women come forward to share these experiences, we need to treat them with respect; we need to treat them with dignity; we need to hear them; we need to understand their pain, but what did the Senators on the Senate Judiciary Committee majority do? They hired a prosecutor in order to treat her as a criminal. Yes, the 11 Re-publican men hired a prosecutor to treat Dr. Ford as a criminal when she appeared before the committee. Now, she asked for an FBI investiga-tion. The committee didn’t want to give it to her. The leadership of the committee didn’t want to give it to her, and I praise my colleague from Ar-izona who said it is so important to in-vestigate the credibility of her story, to talk to those who have additional information. She asked for that. She invited that. She wanted that. She provided a list of eight individ-uals whom, if you want to corroborate her story, these are the people you should talk to. So the President, at the request of my good friend from Arizona, said: Yes, we will reopen the background inves-tigation, the FBI investigation, but the President produced a scoping document that says whom the FBI can talk to. So of those eight women, those eight women who are on Dr. Ford’s list, you would expect, if the goal was to explore her experience as she presented it, the FBI would be authorized by the Presi-dent to speak to all eight. To my col-leagues, have you paid attention to how many individuals the FBI was al-lowed by President Trump to talk to who were on that list—Dr. Ford’s list? The answer is zero. So any colleague in this Chamber who says that was fair treatment of Dr. Ford I will contend is absolutely wrong because Dr. Ford presented individuals who had relevant information, and the President’s scoping document pre-vented the FBI from talking to them. Now let’s talk about Debbie Ramirez. She is there during Judge Kavanaugh’s freshman year at Yale, in the dorm, and he behaves in a totally inappro-priate manner, according to the infor-mation she relayed about excessive drinking, followed by this individual, this nominee, exposing himself to her and laughing about it. She provided a list of 20 individuals who have corroborating information about that experience—20. So, of course, if the FBI was going to reopen the background investigation and it was going to be an investigation with any form of integrity, any form of le-gitimacy, any form of fairness, the FBI would be allowed to talk to those 20 people. How many of those 20 people did the President, in his scoping document, allow the FBI to talk to? None. Zero. Not a single one. That, again, is not fairness to the individual who came forward with her experience. Now, why is it that the President didn’t want the FBI to actually talk to these individuals? Well, let’s discuss one of them. One of them lived in the suite, lived right there in the same cluster of bedrooms with a common area as did Mr. Kavanaugh that fresh-man year, and he heard about this story in real time. He heard about it and he remembered it and he thought it was outrageous that Mr. Kavanaugh had behaved in this fashion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.057 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6553 October 4, 2018 
Now, he remembered it so clearly that when he was in a discussion with his roommate in his first year in grad-uate school, he shared that story with his roommate years and years and years before Kavanaugh was ever nomi-nated to a judicial position. So here you have a suitemate who heard the story of what was done by Mr. Kavanaugh to Debbie Ramirez, who re-layed that story to another student in his first year of graduate school and who went to the FBI and said: Come and talk to me because I can tell you she is telling the truth. I may not have witnessed it, but I heard about it after it happened, and I am not making it up now because I told somebody about it, and they are willing to come forward and talk to you. So it goes to the FBI. Could the FBI talk to him? No, they couldn’t because the President of the United States pro-hibited the FBI from talking to anyone who had real information about the two experiences those two women brought forward. That is just beyond wrong. Think about how much worse this body is treating these two women than the Senate treated Anita Hill in 1991. Think about that comparison. You would think in the nearly three dec-ades since we would have improved, 27 years—but have we? With Anita Hill, the President imme-diately reopened the FBI investigation of his own volition, wanting to get a full background check of the issue. The committee held hearings over multiple days, had multiple people come for-ward who had corroborating informa-tion. They heard them out. How many of those 28 individuals have been given an opportunity to come before the Judiciary Committee to share their experience? Not a one. The leadership of the Judiciary Com-mittee has blocked all of them—has not invited one of them to share their story. The President blocked the FBI from talking to them. The leadership at Judiciary blocked the Judiciary Committee of this body from hearing them out. This is perhaps the worst example of injustice we could envision in this body, and I would like to call it an es-teemed body, but how can I call it that when my colleagues are treating these women in such a horrific fashion? Should an individual serve on the Su-preme Court based on this job inter-view that we are conducting? Would you hire this individual into your com-pany, into a position of trust, after the testimony of these two women? Wouldn’t you say: If I am even giving a thought to hiring the individual, I will check out these stories, not block these women from being able to have the corroborating information shared with the Senate, not block the FBI from being able to talk to them? No. This is a failure. We cannot allow this to stand. We have a responsibility, par-ticularly more with the Supreme Court than any other organization, to exer-cise our advice and consent through a responsible process, a process of integ-rity, of fairness, of decency, of trans-parency, none of which is happening at this point. So we have deep differences over this man’s judicial philosophy, but I know that if he is rejected, then the Presi-dent will propose someone of a similar judicial philosophy. So my colleagues who support that philosophy can be as-sured they will have a chance to put another person in who hasn’t lied to the Senate, another person who doesn’t have a record of abuse toward women. I heard some interviews this evening of some of my colleagues saying things like: Oh, it is so horrific that these women are trashing his reputation. Are you really telling me that for a woman to share a horrific experience from her life, who is willing to have the FBI investigate it and who provides people who have corroborating infor-mation, you are calling that an attack? You are calling that person the wrong person? How dare they come forward with their story, you are saying. That is just wrong. That is so completely wrong to treat women in that fashion. So to my colleagues who want some-body of a similar judicial perspective, you will have a chance to have that person, but you will do incredible harm to this institution if this man, after this record, is put onto the Court, and that is why he needs to be rejected. That is why the President should withdraw him. That is why my Repub-lican colleagues should call up the President and say: Withdraw this nominee and send us another. I happen to disagree with his judicial philosophy as well. We are in a battle in this country between the ‘‘we the people’’ vision of the Constitution, as it was written, and a rewrite done by a group of lawyers who want to have gov-ernment not by and for the people but by and for the powerful: Don’t worry about those consumers. Let the com-pany run over the top of them. Don’t worry about those healthcare opportu-nities. Snatch them away. Don’t worry about those environmental laws. Knock them down. It is government by and for the pow-erful. That is Kavanaugh. Kavanaugh has gone through decades of a process designed to prepare him to execute that philosophy—government by and for the powerful on the Court. They are so happy. The powerful in this country are so happy to jam him through that they are putting extreme pressure on my colleagues to approve him despite his horrific personal record. I say to my colleagues: Stand up for the integrity of the Senate. Stand up for the legitimacy of the Supreme Court. Don’t allow yourselves to be brought into a vortex of determined outside power saying: This must be done, and this must be done now, and this must be done with this flawed in-dividual. I am deeply disturbed—deeply dis-turbed—about where we stand right now with the vote to close debate to-morrow and to send this body into 30 hours of final debate before a decision. That timeline gives us no chance that the courts can provide us the docu-ments that have been censored by the President of the United States. It gives no chance to reawaken the opportunity of the committee to hear from those 28 individuals whom the FBI did not in-vestigate because the President of the United States wouldn’t let them—no chance to get to true justice. Remember that phrase across the front of the Supreme Court: ‘‘Equal justice under law.’’ That phrase will be tarnished, the Court deeply diminished, and the people deeply divided, if we proceed to the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, the nomination of Judge Kavanaugh by Donald Trump has left this body and the American people deeply divided, but I think it has also united every American in the belief that this cannot be the standard for how the Senate or the Federal Government should oper-ate. This cannot be how our Founders expected us to consider lifetime ap-pointments to the Supreme Court of the United States. As recently as when I was in law school, confirmations of a Supreme Court Justice used to be a chance for the American people to learn about our system of checks and balances and the rule of law—what made America so special. No student in Colorado watch-ing our conduct over the past few weeks would have anything to be proud of. Instead of modeling our checks and balances, we have been demolishing them. Somewhere along the way, we began to treat the courts as just an-other front of our endless partisan war, with each vacancy as an opportunity to bloody the other side and secure an ephemeral political win. And the lat-est, lowest point in that story is this shambles of a confirmation process. Weeks ago, I announced that I in-tended to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. It was after the first round of hearings and before the later allegations of misconduct arose. Then and now, I worried about what his con-firmation would mean to the people of Colorado—for those with preexisting conditions who depend on the Afford-able Care Act for lifesaving treatment, for our farmers and ranchers who are so worried about climate change, for our children with asthma who are vul-nerable to harmful pollutants, for same-sex couples in loving marriages, and for the women across our State who have a constitutional right to make their own healthcare decisions. I worried that Judge Kavanaugh would threaten hard-won progress for all Coloradans, taking us from the independent majority under Justice Kennedy to an ideological majority, deeply out of step with the values of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.059 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6554 October 4, 2018 
people in my State and, I would say, throughout the United States. I worried that Judge Kavanaugh would block reforms we need to break the fever gripping our politics—a fever on full display over the last few weeks. If confirmed, it is very likely that Judge Kavanaugh would provide a fifth vote against reforms to end partisan gerrymandering, to help workers orga-nize, to help people vote and curb the corrupting power of money in our poli-tics. In the age of President Trump, I have particular concerns about the nomi-nee’s expansive views with respect to Presidential power and oversight, views that made me question the ex-tent to which he would fulfill the Court’s role as a check on the execu-tive branch. Finally, I had concerns that Judge Kavanaugh had an unusually partisan background for a judicial nominee—a concern borne out during the hearing last week. All of this led me to oppose Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. Soon after, Dr. Ford came forward with these serious allegations of mis-conduct. She came before the Senate Judiciary Committee and gave very credible testimony. She had no reason to make anything up, and she had every reason to stay quiet, but she came forward anyway because she be-lieved, as she said, it was her civic duty. Her courage has inspired hun-dreds of thousands, if not millions, of women across the country, including Debbie Ramirez of Colorado, to share their own stories. She inspired other survivors from my State to call, write, and even fly to Washington and meet with me earlier today. For her courage alone, Dr. Ford de-served far better than the casual dis-missal we saw from Members of this body or the juvenile taunting we saw the other night by President Trump, who continues the same politics of dis-traction and division that managed to get him elected and that continue now to threaten to tear our country apart. But President Trump is not the issue here. For all the damage he has done, he is not the cause of our dysfunction. He is a symptom of it, and that dys-function is what we have to confront, especially now as we find ourselves days away from a party-line vote for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court. I recognize that both sides had their own argument or story about how we got to this point. I know that ever since the majority demolished the rule requiring 60 votes for a Supreme Court nominee, there has been no incentive to select a mainstream candidate who can earn the support of both parties. In fact, all the incentives now run in ex-actly the opposite direction—selecting a nominee who can appease the base of the party and earn the narrowest par-tisan majority in the Senate. That re-ality helps to explain why this process has been so divisive. If we still had the 60-vote threshold, it is hard to imagine the Senate mov-ing forward on a nominee without dis-closing their full record and without giving the minority party time to re-view that record so they can ask in-formed questions of the nominee. That would never happen if you still needed 60 votes, if you still needed the other party as part of the decision making, as part of advise and consent. We would expect the nominee to have to answer directly direct questions. It would have been unfathomable that the majority would downplay serious alle-gations of misconduct, and, in the case of Debbie Ramirez, refuse to even interview many of the potential wit-nesses that she identified. None of this makes any sense if our interest is in protecting the integrity of the Supreme Court. It only makes sense if we have now reduced our re-sponsibility and our duty under the Constitution to advise and consent to a completely partisan exercise. That is where we have gotten to. I have said on this floor before that I deeply regret the vote we took to change the rules for lower level offi-cials and judges. I don’t think we should have done that. I certainly don’t think the majority leader should have prevented Merrick Garland from coming to a vote on the floor of the Senate. That was out-rageous, unprecedented in our history. I don’t think he should have invoked the nuclear option for the Supreme Court. I think that was a huge mis-take. We are going to have a partisan proc-ess forever unless we can find some way back there. This new majority rule when it comes to judicial nominees is why we now have Supreme Court nomi-nees audition on cable television net-works—in this case, FOX News. It is why the President held a political rally and used it as an occasion to mock the accusers. It is why the White House limited the investigation to ignore key witnesses, allowing the majority leader to declare, as he did this morning, that it uncovered ‘‘no backup from any wit-nesses.’’ Well, they weren’t inter-viewed. It is important to remember what the majority leader did to Judge Gar-land when Justice Scalia died. He left open a vacancy on the Supreme Court for more than 400 days, and we can’t take the time to interview witnesses from a serious allegation from some-body living in Boulder, CO? I forget ex-actly how many days it was, but it was more than 400 days. Then we have a 4- day investigation that doesn’t inter-view the witnesses that have been named, and the majority leader has the gall to come to the floor and say that the investigation had uncovered ‘‘no backup from any witnesses.’’ All of this—most importantly, that lack of investigation—is evidence of a confirmation process that has been overrun by politics, like everything else around here. Only, unlike many other things, this is a solemn responsi-bility granted to this body exclusively by the Constitution of the United States, by the Founders who wrote that Constitution, and the Americans who ratified it. This may help one party win Presi-dential or Senate elections, but it is toxic to our institutions. We have ex-ported what hopefully will be the tem-porary, mindless, empty, counter-productive, unimaginative, meaning-less partisanship from the floor of this Senate to the U.S. Supreme Court. We should be ashamed of that. We should be ashamed of that on the floor of this Senate, and we should be ashamed that we are doing that to an independent branch of our government. Earlier today, I had the chance to meet students who were visiting here from Aspen, CO. When I meet with stu-dents, I sometimes get the impression they think that all of this was just here—that the Capitol was here, that the Supreme Court was here, that the White House was just here, that some-how it all just fell from the sky. I al-ways remind them that it wasn’t just here. The only reason we have any of this is because previous generations of Americans overcame enormous dif-ficulty to write and ratify the Con-stitution. We forget that Americans were sharply divided over whether to ratify the Constitution. Some worried that the new government would grow too powerful and become the very tyr-anny they had just fought a war to es-cape. By the way, think about that for a second—that generation of Americans accomplished two things that had never been done in human history be-fore. They led an armed insurrection that was successful against a colonial empire, and they wrote a Constitution that was ratified by a people who would live under it. No humans had ever been asked permission for the form of government they would live under until Americans got that oppor-tunity. We set an example for the world. It also must be said that the same Founders perpetuated human slavery, which is a terrible stain on their work, but another generation of Americans, who I think of as Founders, just like the people who wrote the Constitution, abolished slavery. They made sure women had the right to vote and passed the civil rights laws in the 1960s. Generation after generation after gen-eration of Americans has seen their re-sponsibility to democratize the Repub-lic that the Founders created and to preserve the institutions that we cre-ated so that we could render thought-ful decisions in our Republic. Our process for advice and consent looks nothing like that heritage. When Americans were having that big divi-sion about whether to ratify the Con-stitution at all, Alexander Hamilton wandered into the debate, and he re-sponded to those who were worried 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.061 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6555 October 4, 2018 
that the government would become too powerful or become a tyranny just like the one they had escaped. He pointed out the importance of the courts and the rule of law as a check against tyr-anny. He wrote that ‘‘the complete independence of the courts of justice is peculiarly essential in a limited con-stitution.’’ ‘‘Without this,’’ he said, ‘‘all the reservations of particular rights or privileges would amount to nothing.’’ Hamilton did not say that inde-pendent courts were optional. He did not say they were contingent on polit-ical convenience. He said they were es-sential to the working of this Republic, and it is for this reason the Founders designed the extraordinary mechanism of checks and balances, including the unique duties we bear in the U.S. Sen-ate. Yet the Founders also knew that this mechanism alone was insufficient. It required elected officials to act respon-sibly—to treat advice and consent, for example, as an opportunity to confirm judges of the highest intellect, integ-rity, and independence, judges who could maintain the confidence of the American people in our courts and rule of law. Today, we have fallen so short of Hamilton’s standard. Instead of in-sulating the courts from partisanship, we have infected the courts with par-tisanship. I have not met a single Coloradan who believes that confirming judges with 51 Republicans or 51 Democrats instead of 90 votes from both parties serves the independence of our judici-ary. It does the opposite in that it makes the courts an extension of our partisanship. This is exactly what Hamilton feared. He warned: ‘‘Liberty can have nothing to fear from the judi-ciary alone, but would have everything to fear from its union with either of the other departments.’’ Hamilton’s warning echoes loudly in the age of President Trump—a man who has called for jailing his political opponents, deporting immigrants with-out due process, banning entire reli-gious groups, bringing back torture ‘‘and a hell of a lot worse’’; a man who fired the FBI Director in the middle of an investigation into his campaign and who has tried to discredit that inves-tigation with routine falsehoods ever since. If there were ever a time to stand up for our checks and balances and the rule of law, it is now. Instead, with this vote, the Senate is, once again, acced-ing to the White House and under-mining the Supreme Court in the proc-ess. The result is that we are going to continue to barrel down this dangerous path. Unless we change what we are doing, one of two things will happen: We will replay this process every time, that of confirming Supreme Court Justices with the barest partisan majority and tearing the country apart in the proc-ess, or if the Senate and the White House are not of the same party, we will never fill a Supreme Court va-cancy. That is not what the Founders expected. It is certainly not what the people of Colorado expect. We are playing with fire. Unlike us, the Founders knew their history. They knew about the fall of Athens, whose history taught them that, more than anything, the greatest threat to free-dom is faction. The Founders read the Athenian historian Thucydides, who tells us about a civil war that con-sumed the city of Corcyra 2,400 years ago. According to Thucydides, the city de-scended into factionalism. Both parties spared ‘‘no means in their struggles for ascendancy. . . . In their acts of venge-ance, they went to even greater lengths, not stopping at what justice or the good of the state demanded, but making the party caprice of the mo-ment their only standard.’’ As the civil war intensified, both sides struggled to end it because ‘‘there was neither promise to be depended upon, nor oath that could command respect; but all parties dwelling rather in their cal-culations upon the hopelessness of a permanent state of things, were more intent upon self-defense than capable of confidence.’’ How familiar that sounds today. In our acts of vengeance, we have gone to greater and greater lengths and fallen to greater and greater depths. We have ignored what justice or the good of the state demands. In doing so, we have de-graded the courts as we have degraded ourselves. Yet this is a human enterprise, just as it has been since the founding of the United States of America. Yet our situ-ation is not hopeless. This dysfunction does not need to be a permanent state of things. We can and we must be capa-ble of confidence in ourselves and our institutions once more, for unlike the stories told of ancient kingdoms and empires in history, we still live in a re-public, and in the story of our Repub-lic, we alone are responsible for writing its ending or its continuance for the next 100 or 200 years. I think every American is probably disturbed by what has happened, and they all know we can create a better ending. The question they have is whether their elected Representatives in Washington will do so. We need an ending that upholds the independence of our courts, where we return to an honorable bipartisan tradition in the Senate, where we build a culture that has no place for sexual assault and that provides an opportunity for people who have been assaulted to be heard and to be heard in a way that doesn’t shame them or embarrass them or make their difficulties even worse. I know there are a lot of people out there—and I agree with them—who don’t see a lot of hope for that in the process that we have had here. What I would say to them is that, tonight, there are survivors from all over our country, including from my home State of Colorado, who are arrayed around the Capitol. Their being here testifies to the resilience of the human spirit. It gives us all hope that however difficult this moment in the United States, progress is always in our hands, that it is always our responsibility, and that we need to act with the kind of courage they are showing tonight by being here. I say thank you to the Presiding Offi-cer, and I thank my colleague from Ohio for his indulgence. I have gone over about 5 minutes. I apologize for that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise to talk about my vote on the confirma-tion of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the Supreme Court. Sadly, over the past couple of weeks, the confirmation process has become a bitter partisan fight that has deeply di-vided this body and has divided our country in the midst of all the passion, the anger, and the emotion from both sides. Now I want to talk about some-thing else. I want to talk about the facts. I want to talk about the facts as I know them. First, I know Brett Kavanaugh. I have known Brett and his wife Ashley for more than 15 years since we worked together in the George W. Bush White House. I have seen them in tough situa-tions. I have seen them tested. I have seen their character. I have known Brett not so much as a legal scholar or a judge or a professor but as a col-league and a friend and a father and a husband. I have known him as someone who is smart, thoughtful, and compas-sionate. Among White House colleagues, I know that he is universally viewed that way. He was at the time, and he still is today as we have seen from the testimony of so many men and women who have worked with him. I also know that Brett Kavanaugh has been a wide-ly respected public servant for nearly three decades, including the last 12 years as a judge on the DC Circuit Court—what most view as the second highest court in the land. I know he has received praise from his fellow judges and his many law clerks, the majority of whom have been women, and from the students in his classes of Harvard, Yale, and George-town Law Schools—students from across the political spectrum—also from litigants who have been before him, including Lisa Blatt, who is a self- described liberal who has argued more cases before the Supreme Court than any other woman. When Lisa Blatt joined Condoleezza Rice and me in in-troducing Brett Kavanaugh before the committee, she said, ‘‘He is unques-tionably qualified by his extraordinary intellect, experience, and tempera-ment.’’ All of this seems to have been lost in the past couple of weeks. I also know that Brett Kavanaugh is highly qualified to serve on the Su-preme Court. In fact, frankly, I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.062 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6556 October 4, 2018 
heard that from a number of my Demo-cratic colleagues who were quick to say they don’t support him for other reasons, but they don’t question his legal experience and his qualifications. You really can’t. The American Bar Association, not known for being very friendly to Con-servatives, has given Brett Kavanaugh its highest rating unanimously. I know that in more than 20 hours of testi-mony before the Judiciary Com-mittee—in fact, I think it was 32 hours of testimony—he showed an encyclo-pedic knowledge of the Constitution, of Supreme Court cases, an appreciation for Supreme Court precedent, and, overall, has an impressive grasp of the law. Only a couple of weeks ago, he had successfully navigated the arduous process of meetings, interviews, and tough questions during 32 hours in front of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. As a result, he had the votes in the committee, and he seemed to be headed toward confirmation here on the floor of the Senate. After 12 weeks of consideration and 5 days of hear-ings—by the way, more days of consid-eration and more days of hearings than we have had for any confirmation of any judge for the Supreme Court in re-cent history—the committee was ready to vote. Just before the vote in com-mittee came the allegations of sexual assault and calls for delay. As wrong as it was for Members of the U.S. Senate to have kept the alle-gations of Dr. Ford’s secret until after the normal process had been completed and then to have sprung it on the com-mittee, the Senate, and the country, I thought that because of the seriousness of the allegations, it would also have been wrong not to have taken a pause and to have heard from Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh, and we did. Chair-man C
HUCK GRASSLEY , of the Judiciary Committee, was accused by someone on my side of the aisle of bending over backward when he should have pushed ahead, but he reopened the process and allowed the painful ordeal to play out as, I think, we were compelled to do— painful for Dr. Ford, painful for Brett Kavanaugh, the Senate, and the coun-try. I believe sexual assault is a serious problem in our Nation, and many women and girls—survivors, victims— choose not to come forward, choose not to report it for understandable reasons. Therefore, I think we should take alle-gations seriously. We must take allega-tions of sexual assault very seriously, and I do. Dr. Ford deserved the oppor-tunity to tell her story and be heard, and, of course, Judge Kavanaugh de-served the opportunity to defend him-self. That is why I supported not only having the additional committee inves-tigation and hearing but also of taking another week to have a supplemental FBI investigation after the normal Ju-diciary Committee process was com-pleted. I watched that additional Judi-ciary Committee hearing, and I lis-tened carefully to both Dr. Ford’s and Judge Kavanaugh’s testimony. I am sure many Americans did. I have now been briefed on it and have read the supplemental FBI report, which arrived early this morning. I went to a secure room here in the Cap-itol. To do so, I went three times today to be sure I could be fully briefed on it and could read it. Again, my job, my obligation, is to assess the facts, and the facts before us are that no corrobo-ration exists regarding the allegations. No evidence prepared before or in the supplemental FBI investigation cor-roborates the allegations—none. Judge Kavanaugh, of course, has ada-mantly denied the allegations. His tes-timony is supported by multiple other statements. Simply put, based on the hearings, the Judiciary Committee’s investigation, and the FBI’s supple-mental investigation, there is no evi-dence to support the serious allega-tions against Judge Kavanaugh. Of course, in his 25 years of public service, there had also been six previous FBI in-vestigations. In America, there is a presumption of innocence. When there is no evidence to corroborate a charge, there is a pre-sumption of innocence that we must be very careful to pay heed to. Just 1 day after Dr. Ford’s allega-tions were made public, 65 women who knew Judge Kavanaugh in high school sent a letter to the Judiciary Com-mittee in defense of his character. These 65 women put this letter to-gether within a day’s notice. The letter stated: Through the more than 35 years we have known him, Brett has stood out for his friendship, character, and integrity. In par-ticular, he has always treated women with decency and respect. That was when he was in high school, and it has remained true to this day. 
These are women who knew Brett Kavanaugh. They knew him in high school. Importantly, that is the Brett Kavanaugh I have known these past 15 to 20 years. This confirmation debate could have and should have unfolded very dif-ferently. The process has become poi-sonous, and it is up to us in this Cham-ber to change it. It is going to take a while for the Senate and the country to heal from this ugly ordeal, but for now let me make a modest suggestion. Let’s step back from the brink. Let’s listen to each other. Let’s argue passionately, but let’s lower the volume. Let’s treat disagreements like disagreements, not as proof that our opponents are bad people. Let’s see if we can glorify quiet cooperation—at least every once in a while—instead of loud confrontation. Some may say this is trite or naive, but, my colleagues, we have crossed all these lines in recent weeks. For the state of this institution and for the country, we have to step back from the brink, and we have to do better. The way this process unfolded risks candidates with the kinds of qualifica-tions and character we all want decid-ing to think twice before entering pub-lic service. If the new normal is elev-enth-hour accusations, toxic rhetoric like calling a candidate ‘‘evil’’ and those who support him ‘‘complicit in evil’’ and guilt without any corrobo-rating evidence, who would choose to go through that? How many good pub-lic servants have we already possibly turned away by this display? How many more will we turn away if we let uncorroborated allegations tarnish the career of a person who has dedicated 25 of the past 28 years to public service and who has done so with honor, again based on the testimony of so many peo-ple across the spectrum, men and women? These are questions the Senate is going to have to grapple with for pos-sibly years to come, but right now I want to focus on something that hasn’t gotten as much attention in the last couple of weeks, and that is what is known. I know Judge Kavanaugh as someone with a deserved reputation as a fair, smart, and independent judge. I know him as someone who is universally praised by his colleagues for his work ethic, his intelligence, and his integ-rity. I know him as someone who re-spects everyone and someone whose first introduction to law came from lis-tening to his mom practicing closing arguments at the dinner table. Perhaps most importantly—most importantly— I know him as someone who has the ability to listen. It is something we need more of in this country and on the Court during turbulent times. In following facts, as I am obligated to do, I will support this nomination, and I will be proud to vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh as the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 3532 Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I un-derstand, there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3532) to authorize the United States Postal Service to provide certain non-postal property, products, and services on be-half of State, local, and tribal governments. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.064 S04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6557 October 4, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ob-jection having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. Mr. PORTMAN. I yield the floor. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. to-morrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 8:22 p.m., adjourned until Friday, October 5, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G04OC6.065 S04OCPT1
D1108 Thursday, October 4, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6507–S6557 Measures Introduced: Six bills and four resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3546–3551, and S. Res. 666–669.
                                                     Pages S6541–42 
Measures Reported: S. 3031, to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal personal property. (S. Rept. No. 115–343) 
                                                                                            Page S6541 
Measures Passed: National Suicide Prevention Month: Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 636, recognizing suicide as a serious public health prob-lem and expressing support for the designation of September as ‘‘National Suicide Prevention Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
           Page S6545 
National Estuaries Week: Committee on the Ju-diciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 642, designating the week of September 15 through September 22, 2018, as ‘‘National Estuaries Week’’, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S6545–46 
McConnell (for Whitehouse) Amendment No. 4045, to amend the preamble.
                   Pages S6545–46 
Energy Efficiency Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 668, designating October 5, 2018, as ‘‘Energy Effi-ciency Day’’ in celebration of the economic and envi-ronmental benefits that have been driven by private sector innovation and Federal energy policies. 
                                                                                            Page S6546 
National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 669, supporting the designation of September 2018 as ‘‘National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month’’.
        Page S6546 
Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Res-ervation Equitable Compensation Act: Senate passed S. 995, to provide for equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Res-ervation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam, after agreeing to the committee amendments.                                                                                     Pages S6546–49 
Dickinson Reservoir: Senate passed S. 440, to es-tablish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S6549–50 
Jamestown Reservoir: Senate passed S. 2074, to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S6550–51 
Kavanaugh Nomination—Agreement: Senate con-tinued consideration of the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. 
                                                                                    Pages S6507–37 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Friday, October 5, 2018.
                                                                                Page S6551 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S6540 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6540 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6540–41 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6542–43 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S6543 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6539–40 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6545 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6545 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6545 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:21 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Friday, Oc-tober 5, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6551.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04OC8.REC D04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1109 October 4, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BROADBAND IN RURAL AMERICA Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine broadband, focusing on opportunities and challenges in rural America, after receiving testimony from Denny Law, Golden West Telecommunications Co-operative, Inc., Wall, South Dakota; Mona Thomp-son, Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Telephone Author-ity, Eagle Butte, South Dakota; Grant B. Spellmeyer, United States Cellular Corporation, Chicago, Illinois; and Godfrey Enjady, Mescalero Apache Tele-communications, Inc., Mescalero, New Mexico. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Earle D. Litzenberger, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Azerbaijan, Eric George Nelson, of Texas, to be Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Judith Gail Garber, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cyprus, and Jeffrey Ross Gunter, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Iceland, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in Pro Forma Session at 9:30 a.m. on Friday, October 5, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1089) 
H.R. 698, to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado. Signed on October 3, 2018. (Public Law 115–252) S. 2946, to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’. Signed on October 3, 2018. (Public Law 115–253) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04OC8.REC D04OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1110 October 4, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Friday, October 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Brett M. Kavanaugh, of Maryland, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 10:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9:30 a.m., Friday, October 5 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: The House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Oct 05, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D04OC8.REC D04OCPT1