Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3751 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 7, 2018 No. 73 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 7, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
AC T
HORNBERRY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
HONORING CARL EGGLESTON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker: ‘‘This is Carl Eggleston. There’s always hope.’’ So ends every voice-filled greeting on Carl’s phone in the 36 years I have known him. No better few words de-scribe the resilient, optimistic, and in-defatigable man I love. I first met Carl Eggleston briefly dur-ing the congressional campaign of Ira Lechner in 1982. Carl was friends and political allies with the brain trust of the campaign: Darrel Martin and Linda Moore. A few years later, we worked very different parts of Virginia in Jerry Baliles’ winning race for Gov-ernor. But my life changed completely when I visited Carl at his home in Farmville in the summer of 1988, at the beginning of my first-ever candidacy for office. Carl agreed to join my small team, and from that day forward, he was my constant companion. We traveled ev-erywhere across the Commonwealth to-gether. He introduced me to the most important players in Democratic poli-tics and virtually every important Af-rican-American leader in the State. I discovered that Carl was universally respected and liked and that his en-dorsement helped immensely. In the coming years, we worked many cam-paigns together—some winning, some losing—always as trusted friends and allies. But the real Carl Eggleston story is so much more interesting than his long history in Democratic Party leader-ship. He was born in poverty to two loving parents in the Jim Crow South. The closing of the Prince Edward Coun-ty schools, when Carl was 9 years old, is the tragic stuff of massive resistance legend. He stayed home for 3 years, schooled only by his mother, then spent a fourth year in a neighboring county trying to catch up. After high school, Carl ap-prenticed in a funeral home and caught the entrepreneurial bug. Bravely, in a business where families loyally cling to the funeral director who has buried their elders, Carl created his own fu-neral home: one client in year one, two or three the following year. He per-sisted against the greatest odds and competition, and Eggleston Funeral Homes are now 30 years old and thriv-ing. The child of a racially and bitterly divided South, Carl ran for Farmville city council and was the first elected Black man since reconstruction per-haps ever. After one term, he ran for mayor and lost handily. I still marvel at the courage and the hope he must have had to stand for office in Prince Edward County, alone among all the counties in the United States to close its public schools rather than integrate them. One can only imagine the hos-tility Carl faced in the local population as he dared to lead them. Twice more, over the decades, Carl ran for mayor, getting closer each time, and earning the support and respect of much of Farmville’s White community. So with respect for his many achieve-ments, including the long years chairing the Prince Edward Demo-cratic Committee, the Fifth Congres-sional District Democratic Committee, my greatest appreciation for Carl Eggleston is founded on his strong and generous character. He is the friend I treasure most. I have never heard him utter an un-kind word about another person. He is unfailingly loyal, trustworthy, and pa-tient. He works every moment. He is the quiet civil rights leader and polit-ical force who has been responsible for so much of the forward progress in Vir-ginia over the last generation. On the occasion now of the pub-lishing of his autobiography, I am proud to call Carl Eggleston my friend, and I know that you will enjoy and ap-preciate his story. Carl’s life is proof that there is always hope. f 
LYME DISEASE AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO) for 5 minutes. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, as May marks Lyme Disease Awareness Month, I rise today to recognize the countless individuals currently living with Lyme and to honor the medical experts and advocates combating this epidemic throughout the Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.000 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3752 May 7, 2018 
In upstate New York, where I reside, we are aware of the real and continuing threat that Lyme and related tick- borne diseases pose. With an estimated 300,000 new cases each year, the Lyme crisis is spreading. It is found in about half of all U.S. counties and in nearly 80 countries worldwide. Transmitted by tick bites, Lyme disease has no known cure, is difficult to diagnose, and can attack the nervous system, even some-times leading to death if left un-treated. There is no silver bullet to combat this devastating disease, but better public education and more Federal re-search can lead to significant advance-ments. The medical and public health communities urge you to check your-self and your loved ones, especially children, each day for ticks and to seek out the best information on best prac-tices for preventing tick bites and Lyme disease. I look forward to continuing to work with members of the upstate New York community, Lyme disease advocates throughout America, and my col-leagues here in Congress on both sides of the aisle to increase awareness and to find a cure, finally, for this dev-astating disease. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE CATHOLIC JROTC PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Marine Corps Junior ROTC program at Little Rock Catholic High School for raising $20,500 toward the construction of a Gold Star fami-lies monument on the State capital grounds in Little Rock. The Catholic High School Marine Corps Junior ROTC unit is celebrating its golden anniversary this year. The cadets were diligent in their fund-raising: accepting donations at football games, selling food items, engaging the alumni association, and going door to door. I would also like to recognize Ser-geant Major R.S. Jernigan and Colonel Charles Johnson, who have stewarded these young men in their dedication to service in their community, State, and country. As a proud alumnus of Catho-lic High School in Little Rock and a former company commander of this outstanding JROTC unit, I am proud of the hard work of these young men and how they have exhibited leadership in the pursuit of their goal. They exem-plify what we mean when we say: Hard work pays off. Congratulations on this outstanding salute to our beloved Gold Star fami-lies and their future monument, and congratulations for 50 years of leader-ship and character development at Catholic High. Semper fi. 
RECOGNIZING THE CHILDREN ’S ADVOCACY  
ALLIANCE  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Children’s Advocacy Alliance in Conway, Arkansas, and the local first responders for their dedica-tion to serving and protecting the chil-dren of central Arkansas. Children’s Advocacy Alliance was founded in 2000 as court-appointed special advocates for the 20th Judicial District of Arkan-sas. Currently it serves Faulkner, Conway, and Van Buren Counties in my district. Earlier this month, local law enforce-ment and other first responders came out to support the annual Heroes for Hope race held by Children’s Advocacy Alliance in Conway. In its seventh year, the race incorporates a central theme of being a superhero for each child in need. Every child needs a hero, but the abused child needs a superhero. This year, 160 participants ran in sup-port of the race. Thank you to all the dedicated workers at the Children’s Ad-vocacy Alliance and to the dedicated law enforcement people for being those superheroes for kids in need. WELCOMING HEAD COACH DARRELL WALKER TO  
UA LITTLE ROCK  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the University of Arkan-sas at Little Rock’s new men’s basket-ball coach, Darrell Walker. A former Razorback, Mr. Walker was drafted by the New York Knicks in 1983 and played professional basketball for 10 years before assuming an assistant coaching role for the Toronto Raptors. Over the past two decades, Mr. Walker has demonstrated a high level of com-petency and competitiveness at coach-ing, having been a part of four different NBA coaching staffs and serving as the head coach for the Toronto Raptors from 1996 to 1998. More recently, he was head coach for two seasons at Clark Atlanta Univer-sity, amassing a 45–18 overall record. His passion for excellence, leadership, and hard work are evidenced by the ac-colades and career accomplishments. I look forward to following his success at home at UA Little Rock during his time as head coach of such a dynamic basketball community. This will be a great partnership. Welcome home, Coach Walker. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giv-ing us another day. As the Members return to Wash-ington, may they be encouraged and empowered by their constituents to be their best selves in serving in the peo-ple’s House. May the disagreements that seem to perdure give way to good faith efforts to find solutions to the issues facing our Nation in a manner consistent with the great traditions of our republican form of government. May all that is done within the peo-ple’s House this day be for Your great-er honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BANKS of Indiana led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
DIANN SHADDOX FOUNDATION FOR ESSENTIAL TREMORS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last month, I had the oppor-tunity to meet with Diann Shaddox of North Augusta, South Carolina, found-er of the Diann Shaddox Foundation for Essential Tremors. Essential tremor is a neurological condition that causes the trembling of the hands, head, voice, legs, or body and affects nearly 10 million people in the United States. Despite its preva-lence, it wasn’t until 2013 that essen-tial tremor was given its own specific diagnosis apart from other tremors. Diann Shaddox was diagnosed with essential tremors in her early twenties. Since then, Diann has acted as an ad-vocate for awareness and, for over 35 years, has dedicated her life to finding a cure for essential tremors. The mission of the Diann Shaddox Foundation for Essential Tremors is to educate and increase awareness about people afflicted with essential tremor, which is the largest movement disorder in the world. The foundation also col-lects donations for medical research in the hope of discovering the cause and a cure, and I wish them continued suc-cess on their important mission. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.002 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3753 May 7, 2018 
MOTHER’S DAY WISHES (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish my mom a happy 60th birthday. I couldn’t ask for a bet-ter mom. Most likely her favorite son, I have known each and every day of my life that my mom loves me and she is proud of me. My mom hasn’t always had it easy. She has worked hard all of her life, both as a cook in a nursing home for nearly 40 years and by holding it all to-gether at home as she cared for my dad, my two brothers, and me. What we need now more than ever is more moms like my mom, and as we celebrate Mother’s Day this weekend, we honor our moms and say thank you for their tireless work and sacrifices. Motherhood is a full-time job and a lifetime commitment, but the impact that mothers make in the lives of their children is profound. I am grateful for all of the moms in my life, including my extraordinary wife, Amanda, who is raising three ex-traordinary little girls. Mr. Speaker, I wish my mom a happy birthday and wish all the mothers in northeast Indiana and across our coun-try a happy Mother’s Day on Sunday. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS IN GOOD COMPANY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, here are some excerpts from the book, ‘‘Presidential Courage,’’ by Michael Beschloss that might sound familiar: ‘‘Andrew Jackson said, ‘I was born for the storm, and calm does not suit me.’’’ ‘‘Warned that some decision of his would risk a public clamor, Jackson once said, ‘I care nothing about clam-ors, sir. . . . I do precisely what I think just and right.’’’ ‘‘Theodore Roosevelt genuinely thought of himself as a gladiator against evil. . . . Like Andrew Jack-son, he was taking a large risk by chal-lenging the citadels of wealth and power.’’ ‘‘T.R. boasted that the ‘farmers, me-chanics, small tradesmen, hardworking professional men’ all considered him ‘their President’. . . . ’’ ‘‘Roosevelt had always inveighed against the ‘lies’ in the press ‘as foul and dirty . . . as ever was made by any dog.’’’ To me, President Trump is carrying on the legacies of Presidents Jackson and Theodore Roosevelt. 
f 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO SHERRY A. MITCHELL (Mr. MITCHELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, today, May 7, is my wife’s birthday. It may seem like a small thing to many, but it is hard to describe the sacrifice and commitment that it takes to be the spouse of someone who serves in gov-ernment—the additional things she takes on when Dad is not home, the fun and games when the school calls, or the text message you get: Where did you leave whatever? I need to find it. So, today, I want to briefly say to my spouse, to Sherry: Thank you very much for understanding my need to serve and joining me in that effort in serving in the House. Happy birthday, and I will see you at the end of the week. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
OST) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Muriel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4910) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4910 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act’’. SEC. 2. PROVISION OF OUTER BURIAL RECEP-TACLES FOR REMAINS BURIED IN NATIONAL PARKS. 
Section 2306(e) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘The Sec-retary of Veterans’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), as designated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, by strik-ing ‘‘The Secretary of the Army’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) The Secretary of the Army’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Secretary of the Interior shall provide an outer burial receptacle for each such a grave in an open national cemetery administered by the National Park Serv-ice.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘or in the Arlington Na-tional Cemetery’’ and inserting ‘‘, in the Ar-lington National Cemetery, or in a national cemetery administered by the National Park Service’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or Secretary of the Army’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Secretary of the Army, or the Secretary of the Interior’’; (3) in paragraph (3)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘or, with respect to Arlington National Ceme-tery, the Secretary of the Army’’ and insert-ing ‘‘or the Secretary of the Army with re-spect to Arlington National Cemetery or the Secretary of the Interior with respect to a national cemetery administered by the Na-tional Park Service’’; and (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘or, with respect to Arlington National Cemetery, the Secretary of the Army’’ and inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of the Army with respect to Arlington National Cemetery or the Sec-retary of the Interior with respect to a na-tional cemetery administered by the Na-tional Park Service’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4910, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased that we are considering H.R. 4910, the Veterans Cemetery Ben-efit Correction Act, which was intro-duced by Representative S
COTT of Georgia. Current law requires VA to provide an outer burial receptacle for each new grave in a cemetery under the control of the National Cemetery Administra-tion. H.R. 4910 would extend this ben-efit to veterans who will be interred in cemeteries under the control of the Na-tional Park Service. This bill only impacts two ceme-teries within the National Park Serv-ice that are open to new interments. One of these cemeteries, the Andrew 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.005 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3754 May 7, 2018 
Johnson National Cemetery, is in my home district in Tennessee and has a fascinating story. Andrew Johnson served Tennessee as a Congressman, a Governor, and a Sen-ator. He was also Abraham Lincoln’s Vice President in 1865 and was sworn in as President after Lincoln’s assassina-tion. When he died in 1857, he was bur-ied on the land that is now the Andrew Johnson National Cemetery. The land remained in his family until the War Department acquired it in 1906. Finally, the jurisdiction of the cemetery was transferred to the Na-tional Park Service in 1942. Now the cemetery provides a final resting place for veterans who served our Nation since the Civil War, and it is still ac-cepting new burials. Veterans and their family members who choose to be buried in Andrew Johnson National Cemetery, or any other National Park Service cemetery, should receive the same benefits as those who are buried in VA cemeteries. The manager’s amendment incor-porates some technical changes sug-gested by the National Park Service and is identical to S. 2372, which was introduced by the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee Chairman I
SAKSON , and passed the Senate by unanimous consent on March 1, 2018. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), chairman of the Committee on Natural Resources, for helping to expedite the consider-ation of the bill today. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4910, as amended, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, March 27, 2018. Hon. D
AVID P. R OE, Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write regarding H.R. 4910, the Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correc-tion Act, authored by Congressman Austin Scott. This bill contains provisions under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this bill before the House of Represent-atives in an expeditious manner, and accord-ingly, I will agree that the Committee on Natural Resources be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the bill. I do so with the understanding that this action does not affect the jurisdiction of the Committee on Natural Resources, and that the Committee reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate conference that may be convened on this, or any similar legislation. I ask that you support any such request. I also ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the report for the bill and in the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the bill on the House floor. Thank you for your work on this impor-tant issue. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERAN ’SAFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 4, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 4910. I appreciate the House Natural Resources Committee’s waiver of consideration of pro-visions under its jurisdiction and its subject matter. I acknowledge that the waiver was granted only to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 4910, and does not in any way waive or diminish the House Natural Resources Committee’s jurisdictional interests over this legislation or similar legislation. I will support a request from the House Committee on Natural Resources for appointment to any House-Senate conference on H.R. 4910. Finally, I will also support your request to include a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record dur-ing floor consideration. Again, thank you for your assistance with these matters. Sincerely, D
AVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4910, the Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act, as amended, requires the Secretary of the Interior to provide an outer burial re-ceptacle for each new grave in an open cemetery under the control of the Na-tional Park Service. The National Park Service controls 14 national ceme-teries, two that are still active. They are Andersonville National Cemetery in Georgia and Andrew Johnson Na-tional Cemetery in Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, veterans who want to be buried at these two cemeteries cur-rently must pay the cost of their own outer burial receptacle, yet veterans buried in national or State cemeteries controlled by the VA’s National Ceme-tery Administration are provided such at no cost. This bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to promulgate rules and regulations establishing the cost that must be reimbursed to the Department of the Interior by survivors. The sur-vivors will then be reimbursed for the cost through a VA voucher. It has al-ready passed the Senate, and I urge its passage today by the House. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), the spon-sor of this bill. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4910, the Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act. If enacted, H.R. 4910 would require the U.S. Department of the Interior to provide outer burial re-ceptacles, also known as grave liners, for veterans buried in cemeteries under the control of the National Park Serv-ice. Current law requires that the United States Department of Veterans Affairs provide an outer burial receptacle to a veteran buried in a national cemetery under the control of the National Cem-etery Administration, which is a branch of the Veterans Administration. Additionally, the VA can provide a re-imbursement if the family chooses to purchase a liner in lieu of the govern-ment-furnished grave liner. However, cemeteries under the con-trol of the National Park Service are not covered by this statute, and nei-ther the VA nor the National Park Service currently are able to provide this benefit for veterans buried in those cemeteries. The Veterans Cemetery Benefit Cor-rection Act simply amends the law to require the Department of the Interior to provide an outer burial receptacle for each new veteran’s grave in a na-tional cemetery under the control of the National Park Service, just as would be provided if they were buried under the Veterans Administration. This bill also provides for the reim-bursement of a veteran’s survivors who provide a privately purchased outer burial receptacle for use in a National Park Service cemetery. Of the 14 national cemeteries con-trolled by the National Park Service, two are still active: Andersonville Na-tional Cemetery in Georgia, which my colleague Mr. BISHOP currently rep-resents, and Andrew Johnson National Cemetery in Tennessee. I am pleased to have introduced this bipartisan, commonsense legislation alongside my friend, fellow Georgian, and chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Senator J
OHNNY  I
SAKSON , to ensure our veterans receive equal burial benefits, regardless of where they are laid to rest. It is now more important than ever to close the gap in benefits for veterans who are buried in cemeteries managed by the National Park Service. In doing so, we will ensure that all veterans and their families are receiving the bene-fits and respect they have rightly earned. I urge support from my colleagues on this bipartisan measure and common-sense piece of legislation. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), my good friend. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 4910, the Vet-erans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act. I joined my fellow Georgia Congress-man A
USTIN SCOTT to introduce this bi-partisan legislation to ensure that all of our veteran families receive the ben-efits that they have earned. I thank the chairman and the rank-ing member for their leadership in bringing this bill to the floor, and I thank all of my colleagues for their help in moving it forward. Mr. Speaker, Andersonville, which is one of the two remaining National Park Service cemeteries, has a very, very interesting and unique history. Andersonville was the site of a Civil War prisoner of war camp, and, inter-estingly enough, it held prisoners of war for both the Union and the Confed-erates. Unfortunately, because of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.008 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3755 May 7, 2018 
unsanitary conditions, thousands of veterans, both Union and Confederate, died at Andersonville. Of course, in more recent years, Andersonville has been designated as the National Prisoner of War Memorial for our country, and, in that stead, we erected and funded the National Pris-oner of War Museum, which is located on the grounds of Andersonville. The facilities there are controlled totally by the National Park Service. Currently, when veterans are buried in some of the Federal cemeteries, as you have heard, a number of the fami-lies are left to pay the burial costs that typically would be afforded them under other circumstances. Current law requires that when a vet-eran is buried in a national cemetery under the control of the National Cem-etery Administration, that the VA will provide an outer burial receptacle, known in other terms as a grave liner, or it will provide reimbursement to the family for purchase. However, the current law inexplicably excludes national ceme-teries that are under the control of the National Park Service. The Anderson-ville National Cemetery, located in my district, is one of the two remaining national cemeteries controlled by the National Park Service. Today, we are taking steps for Con-gress to correct this oversight and to ensure that veterans buried in ceme-teries controlled by the National Park Service, and their families, are pro-vided all of the benefits to which they are entitled, not only for my district but for all of our veterans and their families who have selflessly served our country. I applaud Senator I
SAKSON ’s success-ful effort to push this legislation through the Senate under unanimous consent. It is now time for the House to take action, and by voting for this legislation, we can fix this oversight and ensure that all of our veterans and their families are provided appropriate benefits in all of our Federal ceme-teries. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am pre-pared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 4910, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation of Mr. S
COTT and Mr. B ISHOP , and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4910, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
SERVICEMEMBER FAMILY BURIAL ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4335) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for headstones and markers for, and inter-ment in national cemeteries of, de-ceased spouses and dependent children of members of the Armed Forces serv-ing on active duty, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4335 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Service-member Family Burial Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PROVISION OF HEADSTONES AND MARKERS FOR, AND INTERMENT IN NATIONAL CEMETERIES OF, SPOUSES AND DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES SERVING ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) H EADSTONES AND MARKERS .—Section 2306(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, or the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty under conditions other than dishonorable, as shown by a statement from a general court-martial con-vening authority, at the time of the spouse’s death if such death occurs before October 1, 2024’’ after ‘‘veteran’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, or the eligible dependent child of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty under conditions other than dishonorable, as shown by a statement from a general court- martial convening authority, at the time of the child’s death if such death occurs before October 1, 2024’’ after ‘‘veteran’’. (b) I
NTERMENT IN NATIONAL CEMETERIES .— Section 2402(a)(5) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘, and the spouse, minor child, and, in the discretion of the Secretary, unmarried adult child of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty under conditions other than dishonorable, as shown by a statement from a general court-martial con-vening authority, at the time of the spouse’s or child’s death if such death occurs before October 1, 2024’’ after ‘‘paragraph (7)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4335, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4335, the Servicemember Family Burial Act, which was intro-duced by the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. CORREA ), a member of our committee. Mr. Speaker, our Nation allows for a veteran’s spouse, minor children, and certain other dependents to be interred in a VA national cemetery, even while the veteran is still alive. This ensures that a family may be laid to rest to-gether if the veteran chooses to use a national cemetery. But there is an unfortunate gap in the law that prevents Active-Duty servicemembers from burying their loved ones in a VA national cemetery. Mr. C
ORREA ’s bill would extend VA bur-ial benefits to Active-Duty service-members who lose their family mem-bers before they leave the military. To comply with budgeting rules, the manager’s amendment would sunset this bill on September 30, 2024. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when the VA provides burial and headstones or markers for eligible family members who pre-decease Active-Duty servicemembers, it is always under tragic and difficult circumstances. Of course we want to provide these benefits as seamlessly as possible so our servicemembers can move on with their lives. This bill codifies current practice to ensure VA’s process of han-dling these issues with dignity, sensi-tivity, and compassion. I want to thank the Disability Assist-ance and Memorial Affairs Sub-committee Chairman M
IKEBOST and Ranking Member E
LIZABETH ESTY for their part in supporting and helping to bring this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 4335, the Serv-icemember Family Burial Act, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this commonsense bill, H.R. 4335, as amend-ed, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4335, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.009 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3756 May 7, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MARVIN GAYE POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1496) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 4040 West Washington Boule-vard in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’, as amend-ed. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1496 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MARVIN GAYE POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Of-fice’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to speak in support of H.R. 1496, as amended, in-troduced by Congresswoman K
AREN  B
ASS. The bill names the United States Post Office at 3585 South Vermont Ave-nue in Los Angeles, California, after Marvin Gaye. Marvin Gaye was born in Wash-ington, D.C., in 1939. After serving in the United States Air Force, he joined Motown Records and went on to com-pose and record some of the most mem-orable music in American history. His rendition of the national anthem at the 1983 NBA All-Star game was an instant classic. His life was, tragically, cut short only 4 years later, 1 day before his 45th birthday. Marvin Gaye was posthumously in-ducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame. Mr. Gaye’s music will endure for generations. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their support, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 1496, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los An-geles, California, as the Marvin Gaye Post Office. As Members know, Marvin Gaye is a national treasure. I join my colleagues in supporting this designation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1496, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 3585 South Vermont Ave-nue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
J. ELLIOTT WILLIAMS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4301) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4301 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. J. ELLIOTT WILLIAMS POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Caro-lina, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4301, introduced by Congressman NOR-
MAN. The bill names the United States Post Office at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, after Chief Petty Officer James Elliott Williams. Petty Officer Williams was born in Fort Mill, South Carolina, on Novem-ber 13, 1930. He joined the United States Navy at the young age of 16 and served for 20 years. Chief Petty Officer Williams was awarded the Medal of Honor by Presi-dent Lyndon Johnson in 1968 for his ac-tions during the Vietnam war. He is just one of three sailors of Native American heritage to receive the Medal of Honor in the 20th century. Chief Petty Officer Williams is an American hero, and we thank him and owe a great debt of gratitude for his service. I look forward to hearing more about Chief Petty Officer Williams from the sponsor of the bill, Congress-man N
ORMAN , in a few minutes, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4301, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building. James Williams led a life of service dedicated to our country. He served 20 years in the U.S. Navy and in both the Korean and Vietnam wars. In addition to receiving every sea service award for heroism, James was awarded the Medal of Honor by Presi-dent Lyndon Johnson in 1968. After retiring from the military, James served as a U.S. marshal for 20 years. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor James Williams’ lifelong serv-ice to his country. I urge the passage of H.R. 4301, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1700 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill H.R. 4301, A bill to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street, in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliot Williams Post Office Building.’’ James Elliot Williams was born in Fort Mill, South Carolina and lived an extraordinary life, in service to our nation. James served in the United States Navy for 20 years. During his tenure, James served in and during the Cold 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.014 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3757 May 7, 2018 
War, the Korean War, the Cuban Missile Cri-sis, and the Vietnam War. One example of his heroic actions occurred during the Vietnam War, when he and his men fought off enemy combatants behind enemy lines for three hours in South Vietnam. Under James’ leadership, the American Naval force, killed roughly one thousand Viet Cong guer-rillas, destroyed over 60 vessels, and dis-rupted a major enemy logistic operation. James retired on April 26, 1967 as the most highly decorated enlisted sailor in the history of the United States Navy. He was the recipi-ent of multiple awards during his service in the Navy, including the Navy Cross, Silver Star, Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart, Korean Service Modal and the United Nations Service Medal and during his last seven months in the Navy, James received every sea-service award for heroism. On May 14, 1968, President Lyndon B. Johnson, in the name of Congress, presented James Elliot Williams the Medal of Honor. In the 20th century, three sailors of American In-dian heritage received the medal—James was one of the three. Mr. Speaker it is my privilege to put forth this legislation with the entire South Carolina delegation—to honor the life of service and sacrifice of James Elliot Williams. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4301. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
BLOOMINGDALE VETERANS MEMO-RIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4574) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4574 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. BLOOMINGDALE VETERANS MEMO-RIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Bloomingdale Vet-erans Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks, and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to stand with my colleague from Illinois in sup-port of H.R. 4574, introduced by Con-gressman K
RISHNAMOORTHI . The bill names the United States Post Office at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, after Bloomingdale veterans. The Eighth Congressional District of Illinois is home to more than 23,000 veterans, including many Active-Duty veterans groups. This bill honors Bloomingdale, Illinois, veterans who served this country proudly and con-tinue to be a positive force in the com-munity. We thank the veterans of Bloomingdale and all veterans for their service, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my legislation would designate the U.S. Postal Service facil-ity at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building in recognition of all the men and women who have served our Nation with distinction and honor. I would like to thank Chairman G
OWDY and Ranking Member C UMMINGS  for their help in moving this bill through the committee, as well as Ma-jority Leader M
CCARTHY for helping to secure floor time for consideration. This is merely a step, one step, to help citizens in Bloomingdale and every part of my district recognize the sacrifices and celebrate the contribu-tions of our friends, families, and neighbors who chose a life of service to the people of the United States. Veterans in every community de-serve our thanks and gratitude. The Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office will serve as a living reminder of the service of every soldier, sailor, coastguardsman, airman, and marine, whose sacrifices helped keep Ameri-cans safe. It is my hope that this small daily reminder will help us all to re-member that we can and must do more to support our veterans, from those just returning home to those who fought long ago and still bear the scars of their service. Mr. Speaker, we all agree that our Nation’s veterans continue to face seri-ous challenges. Today, an estimated 39,471 veterans are homeless, and the number of young veterans struggling with homelessness is increasing. In my home State of Illinois alone, 193 vet-erans took their own life in 1 year, a rate more than twice as high as the nonveteran population of Illinois. Veterans are more likely to struggle with PTSD as well as substance abuse disorders than nonveterans. It is clear that we are failing those who never failed us. We have a solemn obligation to eliminate veteran homelessness, to improve access to essential health services, and ensure veterans are able to transition to the civilian workforce and secure family-sustaining jobs. We need to prioritize mental health support and substance use prevention, and we need to exercise strong over-sight over the VA to ensure that no veteran is ever denied medical care or support services. For the men and women who have protected my own American Dream, I hope to make theirs easier to achieve. We must all do more to recognize those willing to give what Lincoln called ‘‘the last full measure of devotion’’ to their country. It is my hope that the new Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building will foster both grati-tude and understanding in our commu-nity, and I urge every Member to sup-port this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to echo the comments of my colleague from Illi-nois and also hope that the name of this post office will recognize the mil-lions of veterans throughout our his-tory that have returned home, led pro-ductive lives, have entered further pub-lic service, and have done so with grat-itude, without issues, and have ren-dered great service to the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentleman from Illinois also aware that I have no further speakers and am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to thank Congressman R
USSELL for those eloquent words and thank him for his service to our coun-try as a veteran, as well, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers. I urge the passage of H.R. 4574, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4574. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MAURICE D. HINCHEY POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.008 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3758 May 7, 2018 
(H.R. 4722) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4722 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MAURICE D. HINCHEY POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Mau-rice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks, and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to support H.R. 4722, introduced by my friend and colleague Mr. F
ASO. The bill names the United States Post Office at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, after Maurice D. Hinchey. Maurice Hinchey served in the United States Navy and subsequently entered a life of public service. He started his political career in 1975 as a State assemblyman and served for nine terms until he was elected to the United States Congress. He served in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives for 10 terms. I thank my colleagues for supporting the effort to name a post office after Maurice Hin-chey, who spent his life serving his country and community. I look for-ward to hearing more about Maurice Hinchey from the sponsor of the bill, Congressman F
ASO, in a few minutes, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street as Maurice D. Hin-chey Post Office Building. For two decades, Maurice Hinchey served in this Chamber representing New York’s 22nd Congressional District after beginning his political career 4 years earlier as a State assemblyman. Representative Hinchey was a strong advocate for the environment, con-ducting an investigation into the Love Canal toxic waste site in New York and leading the charge that passed the Na-tion’s first regulations related to acid rain. Throughout his career, he fought for the preservation of the Hudson River, and worked to better the lives of his constituents through his focus on agri-culture, economic development, and veterans’ issues. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to recognize the contributions Maurice Hinchey made to this House and to the lives of those he represented here. I urge the passage of H.R. 4722, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, it is now my privilege to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO), my friend and colleague and the sponsor of this bill. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Okla-homa, and my colleague, the gen-tleman from Illinois, as well, for their fine comments in relation to this legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer sup-port for H.R. 4722, a bill to designate the postal facility at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the Mau-rice D. Hinchey Post Office Building. Congressman Hinchey was a lifelong New Yorker and a true public servant. He passed away in his home in Saugerties, New York, on November 22, 2017. He is survived by his wife, Ilene Marder, and his three adult children. He is fondly remembered as a staunch advocate for what he believed, including care for our military vet-erans and the environment through his support of the Clean Air Act and the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area, among many other accomplish-ments. The week of his passing, I took to the House floor with the entire New York delegation to mourn the death of our colleague. Today, I stand here with this legislation as a token of remem-brance for a father, a husband, a vet-eran, and a distinguished Member of this House who was dedicated to his constituents and all the people of our Nation. Mr. Hinchey served 3 years in the U.S. Navy, 18 years in the New York State Assembly, and 20 years in the U.S. House of Representatives, during which time he represented a broad swath of New York State from the Hudson Valley and the Catskill Moun-tains over to the southern tier of our State as well. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to have served 6 years in the New York State Assembly with Mr. Hinchey, and I am also honored to represent many of the same areas of upstate New York here in Congress as Maurice Hinchey did. I am joined by 27 bipartisan cosponsors, including the entire New York congres-sional delegation, to offer this bill. Mr. Speaker, I especially want to thank Liam Fitzsimmons, who served on the staff of Congressman Hinchey as well as on the staff of the late Con-gresswoman Louise Slaughter. Con-gresswoman Slaughter assisted and was a colead on this legislation, and I know she would be pleased by the House passage today of this bill. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I have no further speakers. I urge the passage of H.R. 4722, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4722. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 3671 AND H.R. 1742 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that my name be re-moved as a cosponsor from H.R. 3671 and H.R. 1742. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. 
f 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS ALWYN CRENDALL CASHE POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4840) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4840 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SERGEANT FIRST CLASS ALWYN CRENDALL CASHE POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Ser-geant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.021 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3759 May 7, 2018 
Oklahoma (Mr. R USSELL ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks, and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to support H.R. 4840, introduced by Con-gresswoman S
TEPHANIE MURPHY . The bill names the United States Post Of-fice at 567 East Franklin Street, Oviedo, Florida, after Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe. Sergeant First Class Cashe served in the United States Army and was sta-tioned in Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. He was killed on No-vember 8, 2005, as a result of injuries sustained while rescuing his fellow sol-diers from an improvised explosive de-vice explosion. With severe burns, Ser-geant First Class Cashe returned re-peatedly to the vehicle, determined to save his fellow soldiers. For his heroic actions, he was award-ed the Silver Star. Sergeant First Class Cashe exemplified bravery and sac-rifice, and he died putting his comrades before himself. I had the privilege to know and serve with his commander, then-Lieutenant Colonel Gary Brito, who is now a serv-ing general officer. I should also point out, Mr. Speaker, that Sergeant First Class Cashe has been considered and recommended for the Medal of Honor, but to date, no actions have been taken. It is my hope that his case will be reviewed and come under further scrutiny. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill to name a post office in honor of Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. b1715 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4840, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ) so that she may tell us more about Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, President Kennedy once said that a nation reveals itself not only by the men it produces but also by the men it honors, the men it remembers. Con-sistent with that principle, my bill would designate a U.S. Post Office building in Oviedo, Florida, after Ser-geant First Class Alwyn Cashe. Sergeant First Class Cashe died in 2005 as a result of wounds suffered while serving in Iraq. When I recount the actions this American soldier and son of Oviedo performed and what he endured in the process, it will take your breath away. The word ‘‘hero’’ is ascribed to many people in our society, perhaps a bit too casually, but this was heroism in its purest and most pro-found sense. Let me start the story at the begin-ning: Alwyn was born in 1970 in San-ford, Florida, and was raised in Oviedo, attending Oviedo High School. He was the youngest of nine children: five girls and four boys. The family didn’t have much money, but they had plenty of pride. When Alwyn was 6, his father passed away. Alwyn’s mother, Ruby Mae, worked long hours at demanding jobs: working on an assembly line and later as a custodian at Florida Tech, since renamed the University of Cen-tral Florida. One of Alwyn’s sisters, Kasinal, de-scribed her brother as the baby of the family: rambunctious; a little spoiled by his siblings; and, of course, deeply loved. Alwyn enlisted in the military after high school. Kasinal said it had a transformational effect, turning this somewhat aimless boy into a resolute man, the civilian into a soldier. And not just any soldier but a soldier’s sol-dier, a tough-as-nails infantryman, and an old-school leader in the best sense of the term. As Kasinal put it, Alwyn ‘‘bled Army green’’ right from the start. The Army gave him a second family with even more brothers and sisters, bound to-gether by the American flag on their uniform and the events they experi-enced and endured together from boot camp to combat. On October 17, 2005, Alwyn, now Ser-geant First Class Cashe, was on his sec-ond deployment to Iraq. That fateful day, the Bradley Fighting Vehicle car-rying him, six other American soldiers, and the squad’s Iraqi interpreter struck an IED. The blast instantly killed the interpreter and ruptured the vehicle’s fuel cell. Flames engulfed the vehicle. Initially only lightly injured but cov-ered in fuel, Sergeant First Class Cashe descended into the hull, extracted the driver, who was on fire, and extin-guished the flames. At this point, mul-tiple soldiers remained in the vehicle, one of whom managed to open the rear hatch. With no regard for his own safe-ty, Sergeant First Class Cashe rushed to the back of the vehicle, reached into the hot flames, and started pulling out soldiers. His fuel-soaked uniform caught fire, and the flames spread quickly over his body. Despite what must have been terrible pain, he returned to the vehicle twice more to extract his soldiers, all while he was still on fire and exposed to enemy gunfire. By the time he had ex-tracted all of his soldiers from the ve-hicle, Sergeant First Class Cashe had the most severe injuries. Second- and third-degree burns covered 72 percent of his body. Nevertheless, he refused to be evacuated until all of his soldiers were medevacked out before him. When he arrived at the U.S. military hospital at Balad Air Base in Iraq, he was still fully conscious. What re-mained of his uniform had melted to his skin, yet he tried to fight off the nurses, insisting that they treat every-one else first. Despite determined ef-forts to save his life at various hos-pitals abroad and in the United States, he eventually succumbed to his wounds on November 8, 2005, surrounded by members of both his biological family and his Army family. Scripture teaches us that there is no greater love than to lay down your life for your friends, and Sergeant First Class Cashe made the ultimate expres-sion of love. After his passing, he re-ceived the Silver Star, the third high-est combat award that the Army con-fers. Over the past years, there has been a painstaking effort to have Ser-geant First Class Cashe’s Silver Star upgraded to the Medal of Honor, an award no African American has re-ceived since 1969. Notably, this effort has been led by the battalion commander who nomi-nated Sergeant First Class Cashe for the Silver Star. This individual, now a 2-star general, came to believe that Sergeant First Class Cashe deserves the highest award for valor that our Nation bestows. I strongly agree with this conclusion and have written to the Secretary of the Army to express my view. We cannot bring Sergeant First Class Cashe back or erase the pain felt by his sister Kasinal, his other family mem-bers, and the men and women in uni-form who served beside him; but we can pay tribute to his life and legacy. We can engrave his name on a plaque and designate a Federal building in his honor so the American public never forgets this remarkable man who laid down his life for his friends in service of our country. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentleman from Illi-nois aware that I have no further speakers and am prepared to close. I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I have no further speakers. I strong-ly urge the passage of H.R. 4840, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4840. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.024 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3760 May 7, 2018 
The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SECURELY EXPEDITING CLEAR-ANCES THROUGH REPORTING TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2017 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3210) to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of per-sonnel security clearance investiga-tions, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securely Expe-diting Clearances Through Reporting Trans-parency Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SECRET Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Bureau’’ means the National Background Investigations Bureau of the Of-fice; (2) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of National Intelligence acting as the Security Ex-ecutive Agent; and (3) the term ‘‘Office’’ means the Office of Per-sonnel Management acting as the Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON BACKLOG OF PERSONNEL SE-CURITY CLEARANCE INVESTIGA-TIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter for 5 years, the Director of the Bureau, in coordina-tion with the Director, shall submit to Congress a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations at the Bureau for the most recent full calendar quarter, which shall include— (1) the size of the backlog of personnel secu-rity clearance investigations of the Bureau, in-cluding, for each sensitivity level— (A) the number of interim clearances granted; (B) the number of initial investigations for Federal employees; (C) the number of periodic reinvestigations for Federal employees; (D) the number of initial investigations for employees of Federal contractors; (E) the number of periodic reinvestigations for employees of Federal contractors; (F) the number of initial investigations for em-ployees of, and employees of contractors of, the Department of Defense; (G) the number of periodic reinvestigations for employees of and employees of contractors of the Department of Defense; (H) the number of employees of the Bureau conducting background investigations for the Bureau; and (I) the number of employees of contractors of the Bureau conducting background investiga-tions for the Bureau; (2) the average length of time, for each sensi-tivity level, for the Bureau to carry out an ini-tial investigation and a periodic reinvestigation; (3) a discussion of the factors contributing to the average length of time to carry out an initial investigation and a periodic reinvestigation; (4) a backlog mitigation plan, which shall in-clude— (A) the identification of the cause of, and rec-ommendations to remedy, the backlog at the Bu-reau; (B) the steps the Director of the Bureau shall take to reduce the backlog; (C) process reforms to improve efficiencies in, and the quality of, background investigations by the Bureau; and (D) a projection of when the backlog at the Bureau will be sufficiently reduced to meet re-quired timeliness standards; and (5) a description of improvements in the infor-mation and data security of the Bureau. SEC. 4. REPORT ON SECURITY CLEARANCE INVES-TIGATIONS OF PERSONNEL OF THE EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESI-DENT. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Administration of the Executive Office of the President, in coordination with the Director and the Director of the Office, shall submit to Con-gress a report that explains the process for con-ducting and adjudicating security clearance in-vestigations for personnel of the Executive Of-fice of the President, including personnel of the White House Office. 
SEC. 5. REPORT ON COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH BI-FURCATED BACKGROUND INVES-TIGATION SYSTEMS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Director of the Office, in consultation with the other members of the Suitability and Security Clearance Performance Accountability Council established under Exec-utive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103) and the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, shall submit to Congress a report on the cost of maintaining comprehensive background inves-tigations capability within the Office under the control or direction of the Bureau and a back-ground investigations capability for Department of Defense personnel under the control or direc-tion of the Department of Defense for implemen-tation of the plan referenced in section 925 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), as compared to the cost of sustaining a single Government- wide background investigations enterprise. 
SEC. 6. REPORTS ON CONTINUOUS EVALUATION, RECIPROCITY, AND TIMELINESS MEASURES. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Director shall submit to Congress reports that provide— (1) the status of implementing continuous evaluation Government-wide, including— (A) the number of agencies with continuous evaluation programs and how many of those programs are currently conducting automated records checks of the required data sources as identified by the Director; and (B) a discussion of the barriers for agencies to implement continuous evaluation programs, in-cluding any requirement under a statute, regu-lation, Executive Order, or other administrative requirement; (2) a detailed explanation of efforts by agen-cies to meet requirements for reciprocal recogni-tion to access classified information, including— (A) the range of the length of time for agen-cies to grant reciprocal recognition to access classified information; (B) additional requirements for reinvestiga-tions or readjudications, by agency; and (C) any other barriers to the timely granting of reciprocity, by agency, including any require-ment under a statute, regulation, Executive Order, or other administrative requirement; and (3) a review of whether the schedule for proc-essing security clearances under section 3001 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Preven-tion Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341) should be modi-fied. 
SEC. 7. REVIEW AND UPDATE OF POSITION DES-IGNATION GUIDANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto; (2) the term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives; (3) the term ‘‘background investigation’’ means any investigation required for the pur-pose of determining the— (A) eligibility of a covered individual for log-ical and physical access to Federally controlled facilities or information systems; (B) suitability or fitness of a covered indi-vidual for Federal employment; (C) eligibility of a covered individual for ac-cess to classified information or to hold a na-tional security sensitive position; or (D) fitness of a covered individual to perform work for or on behalf of the United States Gov-ernment as a contractor employee; and (4) the term ‘‘covered individual’’— (A) means a person who performs work for or on behalf of the executive branch or seeks to perform work for or on behalf of the executive branch; (B) is not limited to Federal employees; (C) includes all persons, not excluded under subparagraph (D), who require eligibility for ac-cess to classified information or eligibility to hold a sensitive position, including, but not lim-ited to, contractors, subcontractors, licensees, certificate holders, grantees, experts, consult-ants, and government employees; and (D) does not include— (i) the President; (ii) employees of the President under section 105 or 107 of title 3, United States Code (except to the extent otherwise directed by the Presi-dent); (iii) the Vice President; or (iv) employees of the Vice President under sec-tion 106 of title 3, United States Code, or an an-nual legislative branch appropriations Act (ex-cept to the extent otherwise directed by the Vice President). (b) REVIEW AND UPDATING .— (1) I
NITIAL REVIEW AND UPDATE OF GUID -
ANCE.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director and the Di-rector of the Office shall review and make rec-ommendations to Congress and the President as appropriate to issue guidance to assist agencies in determining— (A) position sensitivity designation; and (B) the appropriate background investigation to initiate for each position designation. (2) R
EVIEWS AND REVISIONS OF POSITION DES -
IGNATIONS .—Not less frequently than every 4 years, the President, acting through relevant agencies (as determined by the President) and in accordance with the guidance described in para-graph (1), shall review and, if necessary, revise the position designation of positions within agencies. (c) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after completing a review under subsection (b)(2), the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on— (1) any issues identified in the review; and (2) the number of position designations revised as a result of the review. (d) N
OCHANGE IN AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section limits or expands the authority of any agency to designate a position as sensitive or as requiring its occupant to have access to classified information. 
Mr. RUSSELL (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the Senate amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.026 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3761 May 7, 2018 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE GOV-ERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND FOR COOPERATION IN PEACEFUL USES OF NUCLEAR ENERGY— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–115) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: I am pleased to transmit to the Con-gress, pursuant to subsections 123b. and 123d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2153(b), (d)) (the ‘‘Act’’), the text of an Agreement be-tween the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for Cooperation in Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy (the ‘‘Agreement’’). I am also pleased to transmit my written approval, au-thorization, and determination con-cerning the Agreement and an unclas-sified Nuclear Proliferation Assess-ment Statement (NPAS) concerning the Agreement. In accordance with sec-tion 123 of the Act, a classified annex to the NPAS, prepared by the Acting Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of National Intel-ligence, summarizing relevant classi-fied information, will be submitted to the Congress separately. A joint memo-randum submitted to me by the Acting Secretary of State and the Secretary of Energy and a letter from the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission stating the views of the Commission are also enclosed. An addendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of the export control system of the United Kingdom with respect to nuclear-related matters, including interactions with other countries of proliferation concern and the actual or suspected nuclear, dual-use, or missile- related transfers to such countries, pursuant to section 102A(w) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(w)), is being submitted separately by the Director of National Intel-ligence. Although not required by the Act, I am also transmitting an analysis and a determination and judgment from the Secretary of Energy con-cerning the advance, long-term approv-als contained in the proposed Agree-ment. The Agreement has been negotiated in accordance with the Act and other applicable law. In my judgment, it meets all applicable statutory require-ments and will advance the non-proliferation and other foreign policy interests of the United States. The Agreement contains all of the provisions required by subsection 123a. of the Act. It provides a comprehensive framework for peaceful nuclear co-operation with the United Kingdom based on a mutual commitment to nu-clear nonproliferation. It would permit the transfer of material, equipment (including reactors), components, sen-sitive nuclear facilities, major critical components, and information for nu-clear research and nuclear power pro-duction. It also would allow for the transfer of sensitive nuclear tech-nology if the parties later agree on conditions in writing. The Agreement has a term of 30 years, although it can be terminated by either party on one year’s advance written notice. In the event of termi-nation or expiration of the Agreement, key nonproliferation conditions and controls will continue in effect as long as any material, equipment, compo-nent, sensitive nuclear facility, or major critical component subject to the Agreement remains in the territory or under the jurisdiction or control of either party, or until such time as the parties agree in writing that such nu-clear material or non-nuclear material is no longer usable for any nuclear ac-tivity relevant from the point of view of international safeguards or have been practically irrecoverable, or that such equipment, components, sensitive nuclear facilities, or major critical components is no longer usable for nu-clear purposes. As one of the five nuclear weapon states under the Treaty on the Non- Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, in-cluding one of the Treaty’s three De-positary States, and one of the five per-manent members of the United Nations Security Council, the United Kingdom holds an important leadership role in the global nonproliferation regime and the larger international security archi-tecture. The United Kingdom is a mem-ber of the four major multilateral ex-port control regimes: the Nuclear Sup-pliers Group, the Australia Group, the Missile Technology Control Regime, and the Wassenaar Arrangement. In ad-dition, the United Kingdom has pro-vided financial, technical, and leader-ship support to key nonproliferation mechanisms such as the Global Threat Reduction Program, the Global Initia-tive to Combat Nuclear Terrorism, the Elimination of Weapons-Grade Pluto-nium Production Program, the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Technical Cooperation Pro-gram, the IAEA Department of Safe-guards, the G7 Global Partnership against the Spread of Weapons of Mass Destruction, and the Proliferation Se-curity Initiative. A more detailed dis-cussion of the United Kingdom’s civil nuclear activities and its nonprolifera-tion policies and practices is in the NPAS and its classified annex. I have considered the views and rec-ommendations of the interested depart-ments and agencies in reviewing the Agreement and have determined that its performance will promote, and will not constitute an unreasonable risk to, the common defense and security. Ac-cordingly, I have approved the Agree-ment and authorized its execution and urge that the Congress give it favor-able consideration. This transmission shall constitute a submittal for purposes of both sub-sections 123b. and 123d. of the Act. My Administration is prepared to begin immediately consultations with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, as provided in subsection 123b. Upon completion of the 30 days of con-tinuous session review provided for in subsection 123b., the 60 days of contin-uous session review provided for in sub-section 123d. shall commence. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 7, 2018. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 26 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 4910, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 4335, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4910) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.027 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3762 May 7, 2018 
The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 388, nays 0, not voting 39, as follows: 
[Roll No. 167] YEAS—388 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—39 
Adams Bishop (MI) Blackburn Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Clark (MA) Cummings Esty (CT) Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kuster (NH) Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Messer Moore Nadler Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Richmond Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Tonko Waters, Maxine 
b1854 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 30, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a facsimile copy of a let-ter received from the Honorable Michele Reagan, Arizona Secretary of State, indi-cating that, according to the preliminary re-sults of the Special Election held April 24, 2018, the Honorable Debbie Lesko was elected Representative to Congress for the Eighth Congressional District, State of Arizona. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. Enclosure. SECRETARY OF STATE , S
TATE OF ARIZONA , Phoenix, AZ, April 27, 2018. Re Unofficial results of the April 24, 2018 Special General Election. Hon. K
AREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MS. HAAS: This letter is to advise you that the unofficial results of the Special General Election held on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, for the office of U.S. Representative in Congress—District 8, the remainder of the term ending January 3, 2019, show that Debbie Lesko received 96,012 votes, or 52.4% of the total number of votes cast for that of-fice. It would appear that from these unofficial results that Debbie Lesko was elected as U.S. Representative in Congress—District 8, for the remainder of the term ending Janu-ary 3, 2019. To the best of our knowledge and belief, no forthcoming results will affect the outcome of the election, and there is no contest to the election at this time. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by Maricopa County, our office will complete the official State Canvass of Results and an official Certificate of Elec-tion will be prepared for transmittal as re-quired by law. If you have any questions regarding this matter, please contact State Election Direc-tor Eric Spencer. Sincerely, M
ICHELE REAGAN , Arizona Secretary of State. f 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE DEBBIE LESKO, OF ARIZONA, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that the gentlewoman from Arizona, the Honorable Debbie Lesko, be permitted to take the oath of office today. Her certificate of election has not ar-rived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to her election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ari-zona? There was no objection. The SPEAKER. Will the Representa-tive-elect and the members of the Ari-zona delegation please present them-selves in the well. All Members will rise and the Rep-resentative-elect will please raise her right hand. Mrs. LESKO appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear or affirm that you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, for-eign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully dis-charge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you are now a Member of the 115th Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.029 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3763 May 7, 2018 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE DEBBIE LESKO TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, Debbie Lesko has dedicated years of her life to public service, starting back in 2009, when she took the oath as a State leg-islator from Arizona, and then serving as a member of the Arizona Senate from 2015 to earlier this year. Her commitment and dedication to the people of Arizona will continue as she joins the House of Representatives and upholds her constitutional oath. The oath is a reminder to all of us standing here today that our duty is to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. I look forward to working together with our newest colleague to find com-monsense solutions to the problems our Nation faces. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Arizona (Mrs. L
ESKO ). Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I have lost my voice from the allergies here in Washington, D.C., but I am truly hon-ored to be here. Before I comment, I just wanted to introduce my family that is up in the gallery: my husband, Joe Lesko—thank you, Joe—my son, Jared Lesko; my daughter, Samantha Lesko; her fiance, Brandon Stealth; and my brother, Roger Lorenz. I am truly honored to be here to join you, and I look forward to working with you. I want to say to my constituents at home: Thank you so much for the privilege of your vote and for sending me here to Congress. I am thankful, and God bless you. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the administra-tion of the oath of office to the gentle-woman from Arizona, the whole num-ber of the House is now 429. 
f 
SERVICEMEMBER FAMILY BURIAL ACT The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4335) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for headstones and markers for, and interment in national cemeteries of, deceased spouses and de-pendent children of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 389, nays 0, not voting 39, as follows: 
[Roll No. 168] YEAS—389 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—39 
Adams Bishop (MI) Blackburn Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Clark (MA) Cummings Davis, Rodney Delaney Esty (CT) Frankel (FL) Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kuster (NH) Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. McNerney Messer Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Tonko Waters, Maxine 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1909 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 168. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on May 7, 2018 I was in my district for my pri-mary election and missed rollcall votes 167 and 168. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 167 and ‘‘yea’’ on roll-call 168. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.032 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3764 May 7, 2018 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5645, STANDARD MERGER AND ACQUISITION REVIEWS THROUGH EQUAL RULES ACT OF 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 2152, CITIZENS’ RIGHT TO KNOW ACT OF 2018; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF S.J. RES. 57, PRO-VIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY BUREAU OF CON-SUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–664) on the resolution (H. Res. 872) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5645) to amend the Clay-ton Act and the Federal Trade Com-mission Act to provide that the Fed-eral Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attor-ney General exercises such authority; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2152) to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the Department of Justice, which use such funds for pretrial services programs, to submit to the Attorney General a re-port relating to such program, and for other purposes; and providing for con-sideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 57) providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 3395 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may here-after be considered to be the first spon-sor of H.R. 3395, a bill originally intro-duced by Representative Meehan of Pennsylvania, for the purposes of add-ing cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained in a discus-sion on prison reform, and I missed rollcall vote No. 167, H.R. 4910, the Vet-erans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act, as amended. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
NATIONAL FOSTER CARE MONTH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, as May is National Foster Care Month, we need to remember that foster care families provide a vital service for the young people whom they take in. And the need is great. In Minnesota alone, more than 7,500 kids entered out-of-home placement, usually because of parental drug abuse and neglect. Foster parents are absolutely unsung heroes. They go to tremendous lengths in navigating a very arduous process so that they can provide a nurturing and a caring environment for a young per-son. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank foster families for their dedication, as well as the professionals and the workers who do go through the work of placing young people in loving families’ homes so that they can make a meaningful difference in their lives. f 
b1915 HONORING THE SALVATION ARMY OF NEWARK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor The Salvation Army for helping the residents of Newark, New Jersey, get through hard times for the last 138 years. Today, The Salvation Army operates five locations throughout Newark, serving each of the city’s five wards. The organization serves more than 5,000 people in the city of Newark, help-ing them with their education, food, housing, and life skills. The Salvation Army’s important work is boosted by the Federal Govern-ment’s AmeriCorps program. AmeriCorps members, with The Salva-tion Army in Newark, provide after- school programs for young people as well. They work to develop the social and emotional health of Newark’s young people, and they help strengthen children’s education. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-leagues join me in honoring the Salva-tion Army and AmeriCorps for their work and service to the city of Newark and the State of New Jersey and the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CYRUS M. JOLLIVETTE (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I was saddened to hear of the passing of Russ Jollivette, an important and re-vered leader in education, health, and philanthropy, and someone who Dexter and I proudly called our friend. Cyrus, or Russ to those who knew him, sadly passed away on April 30, leaving behind an incredible legacy of good works and major achievements. Russ dedicated 24 years of his life to my alma mater, the University of Miami, including raising significant funds for the UM Sylvester Cancer Cen-ter and Hospital for diabetes research and for environmental health sciences. But Russ’ impact went far beyond the University of Miami. He went on to serve as senior vice president of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Florida and served as the director of The Blue Foundation for a Healthy Florida. Truth be told, Mr. Speaker, the list goes on and on, but the role for which Russ will always be known for far and wide is friend. Russ Jollivette cared so selflessly for so many in our south Florida community and our State, and so many cared for him, including his daughter, Lynn Jollivette Johns; his two sisters, Regina Jollivette Frazier and Cleo Jollivette; as well as two grandchildren. Farewell, my friend, Russ Jollivette. f 
RECOGNIZING DOMINICAN WEEK (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during Semana Dominicana, Do-minican Week, to recognize the Amer-ican Chamber of Commerce of the Do-minican Republic. Since this organization was founded in 1923, its members and partners in the Dominican Republic and the United States have grown in scale, and the di-versity of its commerce has led to the economic development and the em-powerment of small businesses. During this week, Semana Dominicana, it is my pleasure to wel-come and recognize David Fernandez, the president of the American Chamber of Commerce of the Dominican Repub-lic, and Nelson Toca, the Dominican Republic Minister of Industry and Commerce. As the first Dominican elected to U.S. Congress, I am proud to support Dominican-U.S. relations and hope we will continue to strengthen the ties be-tween the Dominican Republic and members of the Dominican diaspora here in the United States. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TEACHER APPRECIATION WEEK (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to recognize all the teachers around the country who work so tire-lessly to educate our children. This is Teacher Appreciation Week, and Tuesday, May 8, is National Teach-er Appreciation Day, but we should show them our appreciation each day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.034 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3765 May 7, 2018 
We trust them with our most prized as-sets for many hours a day: our chil-dren. Most of us who go to work Mon-day through Friday entrust the teach-ers with the daily caretaking, develop-ment, and, of course, the education of our kids, and sometimes that task can take on a lot more, even parenting, when kids come from broken homes. A teacher’s job is indeed difficult. As parents, it can be easy to lose sight of the significance and influence teachers have on our kids’ lives on a daily basis. I know this firsthand. My wife is a teacher; my sister is as well. I know firsthand, my wife, the many hours spent after school, using her own dollars to help make her class-room a better learning environment for those kids, because it comes from the heart. I want to thank her, my sister, and all those teachers all around the coun-try for giving that extra that it takes when sometimes society falls short in its own ways. Congratulations on Teacher Appre-ciation Week. 
f 
CELEBRATING 35TH ANNUAL NA-TIONAL TRAVEL AND TOURISM WEEK (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, as the Democratic chair of the Congressional Travel and Tourism Caucus, I rise to celebrate the 35th annual National Travel and Tourism Week, which pro-vides us an opportunity to showcase the importance of travel and tourism in creating economic growth and op-portunity and enhancing the quality of life in every district throughout the United States. Our second largest industry export and our seventh largest employer, trav-el generates $2.4 trillion for the U.S. economy and supports some 15.6 mil-lion jobs. In southern Nevada alone, tourism generates nearly $60 billion an-nually. Last year, 42 million visitors came to Las Vegas, and we hosted al-most 20,000 conventions, which brought in 6 million people from around the world. So, as we honor the valuable con-tributions of the hardworking people in this vital industry, I want to remind my colleagues that we need to support its growth and development by making real investments in the country’s infra-structure so we can increase the effi-ciency and reliability of travel and en-courage greater tourism to Las Vegas and all the United States. It is about putting out a welcome mat and setting a bigger table. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL PRE-SCRIPTION DRUG TAKE BACK DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, National Prescription Drug Take Back Day was last Satur-day, the last Saturday in April. Today, President Trump announced that near-ly 1 million pounds of prescription drugs were disposed of at sites across the country. The Drug Enforcement Administra-tion, in partnership with Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforce-ment, businesses, medical offices, Fed-eral agencies, and first responders hosted events to collect and safely dis-pose of unneeded medication. National Take Back Day happens twice a year, and each time, thousands of pounds of prescription drugs are re-turned, helping to prevent incidents of drug abuse and misuse across the Na-tion. Mr. Speaker, unneeded or expired prescription medications are a public safety issue. Results from the 2016 Na-tional Survey on Drug Use and Health indicate that nearly 19 million Ameri-cans 12 years of age or older abused or misused prescription drugs in the past year. According to the CDC, most peo-ple who abuse prescription opioids get them for free from a friend or relative. We must continue our fight against the opioid epidemic, and the biannual Take Back Days are an important one step in doing so. f 
URGING THE PRESIDENT NOT TO RENOUNCE THE IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL (Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, having been briefed at every stage of the nego-tiation of the Iran nuclear deal, I was able to come to this floor just 2 hours after it was published and be the first to speak in opposition to the Iran nu-clear deal. Today, I rise to urge the President not to renounce that deal. The ques-tion is this: Do we want to liberate the Iranian Government or sanction the Iranian Government? If we renounce the deal, then the Iranian Government is free to remove the inspectors, to begin a program of building an unlim-ited number of centrifuges, and can re-quest the return of the fissile material, several bombs’ worth of fissile material which, under the deal, they had trans-ferred to Russia and which Putin might choose to return. If we renounce the deal, we do noth-ing to give ourselves additional rights because, under the deal, we are free to sanction Iran in full proportion to its nonnuclear evil. The Iranian Govern-ment is responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths in Syria and tens of thousands of deaths in Yemen. That alone justifies every sanction every Member of this body can come up with. We can stay in the deal and sanction Iran. JESSIE PATRICK CELEBRATES 100TH BIRTHDAY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jessie Patrick, who currently resides in South Carolina but spent most of her very long life in Oneida County, New York, in the 22nd District. On May 12, Jessie will turn 100 years old. Jessie grew up in nearby Yorkville with her sister, Bertha, and her two brothers, Matthew and Edward, both of whom served in World War II. She then moved to Whitesboro, New York, where she worked for General Electric, which was once located in Utica, New York, for nearly 30 years. Jessie became an active leader in the Whitesboro community, joining the Whitesboro Fire Department’s Women Auxiliary, St. Paul’s Church, and even owned a restaurant in nearby Marcy, New York, with her husband. Jessie has one daughter, Judy; two granddaughters; three great-grand-children, with whom she loves to spend time. Her family loves to travel and used to spend many weekends traveling to Boston to go deep-sea fishing. When Jessie isn’t deep-sea fishing, she enjoys cooking, cross-stitching, and gar-dening. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wish-ing Jessie a wonderful, happy, and healthy 100 years, and many, many more years to come. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JENNIFER PARKS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Jennifer ‘‘Jenny’’ Parks. Jenny attended the Route 51 festival in Las Vegas on Octo-ber 1. Jenny was a remarkable kinder-garten teacher at Anaverde Hills Ele-mentary School in Lancaster, Cali-fornia. Jenny loved all of her students and their families but ensured to leave a big place in her heart for her husband, Bobby, and their two kids, Bryce and Lea. Jenny was a loving person who al-ways went out of her way to help peo-ple. She is remembered by her family and friends as being a beautiful and in-telligent woman who had a wonderful sense of humor. I would like to extend my condolences to Jenny Park’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
HONORING VIRGINIA TECH PRESI-DENT EMERITUS CHARLES WIL-LIAM STEGER, JR. (Mr. GRIFFITH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.035 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3766 May 7, 2018 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Charles William Steger, Jr., along with R
OBWITTMAN , who is an alumnus of Virginia Tech. Unfortu-nately, Virginia Tech President Emer-itus Charles William Steger, Jr., passed away last night at the age of 70. He was a Hokie through and through, and he guided the university to great achieve-ments. He earned three degrees himself from Virginia Tech, and before becoming president, he taught and held numer-ous posts. As president of Virginia Tech from 2000 to 2014, Dr. Steger led the university to new heights. He pre-sided over growth and enrollment. Forty major new buildings were con-structed. Research expenditures grew from $192 million to $450 million. He es-tablished the school of biomedical en-gineering and helped bring together the Virginia Tech Carilion School of Medi-cine and Research Institute. He also had the burden of leading Virginia Tech through the shooting on that horrific April day in 2007. In the aftermath, he led with remarkable dig-nity. He received many honors during his lifetime, and I, along with many in Virginia and across this Nation, held Dr. Charles William Steger, Jr., in the highest esteem. He is survived by his wife of 48 years, Janet; his son, Christopher Steger, and wife, Elizabeth Schumann; and his son, David Steger, and fiance, Alison Nemeth. Mr. Speaker, if we could all pray a prayer tonight for the family of Charles Steger. 
f 
PROTECTING SOCIAL SAFETY NET The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for holding this Special Order hour, the CBC Special Order hour this evening, as we discuss SNAP and other efforts by the Presi-dent and the GOP to shed the social safety net. b1930 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, Chair-man R
ICHMOND , for allowing me to have this opportunity to lead what we call the ‘‘Conscience of the Congress’’ of the Congressional Black Caucus, who is the one who has led this and come up with this idea for us. As we paint a picture of the Black community in 2018, it is clear that we have a lot to lose. Too many of our neighborhoods are, unfortunately, still plagued by rampant poverty, dysfunc-tion, and crime. These are very serious issues that our community has to deal with. But instead of the GOP Congress working with us side by side in a bipar-tisan manner, we have a group, Mr. Speaker, hell-bent on enacting jaded, outdated, economic backwards legisla-tion in the form of SNAP that would throw thousands of recipients off the roles. According to the nonpartisan Center for Budget and Policy Prior-ities, SNAP is the country’s most effec-tive antihunger program helping one in five Americans afford a basic diet. For over 15 years, State and Federal policymakers have worked on a bipar-tisan basis to strengthen SNAP. The GOP would take a large step back-wards, reducing or eliminating benefits for more than 1 million households with more than 2 million people. And let me be clear, it is not just about pro-grams, policies, and laws being enacted by the GOP and President Trump, it is about the overall tone that has been set by this President, who regularly raises insults, instead of engaging in meaningful policy discussions. The President’s review of welfare programs is an immoral attempt to get the programs that provide a basic standard of living for Americans strug-gling to make ends meet, all to pay for the massive tax cuts for himself and the richest 1 percent. Instead of taking food out of the mouths of poor children or kicking the elderly off of Medicare, President Trump and congressional Re-publicans should work with Democrats to put more money in the pockets of hardworking Americans. Let me be clear: this executive order is a thinly veiled attempt to restrict access to healthcare, housing, food, and many other basic living programs by adding onerous so-called work require-ments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ), a person who I admire and had the chance of visiting with her in the great State of Alabama. She has a lot of ex-perience firsthand and knows and un-derstands what it means to be close to the people. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I applaud the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) for leading this Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, I especially want to ac-knowledge the Congressional Black Caucus for always being the ‘‘Con-science of the Congress’’ and for taking on the topic of tonight, which is the so-cial safety net and how important it is as a lifeline for so many Americans. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against the efforts to dismantle our social safety net and the programs that help working Americans make ends meet. Our Federal health, antihunger, and poverty programs are the lifeline for millions of Americans and their fami-lies. Every year, our Supplemental Nu-trition Assistance Program, SNAP, feeds 9.5 million families. Social Secu-rity keeps over 22 million Americans from falling into poverty. And Medi-care ensures that 44 million men, women, and children have access to the care they need to stay healthy. These families are hanging by a thread, and with every cut to our health and antihunger programs, that thread be-comes thinner and thinner. In Alabama, I have seen the dif-ference that these programs can make firsthand. I have met working parents who rely on SNAP to put food on the table for their children. I have met sen-iors who, after a lifetime of work, are able to get by only because of their So-cial Security check. I have met moth-ers who could not feed their children if it weren’t for the maternity care that they get through Federal health pro-grams. For these working parents, sen-iors, and children, our social safety net means the difference between a warm home and homelessness. It means a dif-ference between a hot meal and going to bed hungry. Last year in Alabama, I met a farmer named Hank, who was able to afford healthcare for the first time in his life because of the Affordable Care Act. And after Hank signed up for ObamaCare, tragedy struck. His hand was caught in a hay baler, requiring immediate emergency care. But be-cause of the healthcare he received through the Affordable Care Act, Hank was able to pay for his trip to the emergency room and, most impor-tantly, his family did not lose that farm. That is what our social safety net does. It helps people when their time of need is most. It is a promise that no matter the hardship you face, we will never let you fall between the cracks. We, America, the land of plenty. We, Americans, don’t let other Americans fall through the cracks. Whether your family faces a health crisis or layoffs; or you are caring for a new child, we are not going to let you fall into pov-erty. Giving up on this promise is what I believe the Republican agenda has done. Giving up on this promise is what makes the Republican attacks on our social safety net so disturbing. It is a promise that we, as Americans, make to other Americans, that we will have a social safety net that will capture people in their most vulnerable time of need. The tax bill that Congress and the Trump administration passed in De-cember repealed the Affordable Care Act’s individual mandate. That move drove healthcare costs for families and will result in 13 million more uninsured Americans. It was unnecessary, but it was a step that this administration took. It was a step that ripped from 13 million Americans their health insur-ance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.038 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3767 May 7, 2018 
Just 2 months after the passage of the tax bill, President Trump proposed a budget, the President’s budget, that would cut $500 billion from Medicare, $1.4 trillion from Medicaid, and $72 bil-lion from Social Security disability. If these proposals were signed into law, more children would have gone hungry, more seniors would have fallen into poverty, and more Americans would be unable to afford to get sick. In the Ways and Means Committee this week, Republicans are holding a hearing to discuss limiting access to Temporary Assistance for Needy Fami-lies, TANF. At the same time, the House is debating reauthorizing a farm bill that would eliminate food assist-ance for 400,000 families and cut school lunches for 265,000 students. This Congress is not just cutting a hole in our social safety net. Repub-licans are selling the net in its entirety in order to pay for the tax scam bill that they passed in December. When President Trump and this Con-gress passed the GOP tax scam bill, they mortgaged the future of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security to give massive tax breaks to Wall Street and the richest Americans. They put our health and antihunger programs into jeopardy and on a chopping block in ex-change for more trickle-down econom-ics. Mr. Speaker, after decades of stag-nant wages, my constituents are no longer willing to wait for trickle-down economics to trickle down to them, es-pecially when it means massive cuts to the Federal programs working families rely on. Lives are at stake, Mr. Speaker. That is why the Congressional Black Caucus, led ably tonight by my colleague from Pennsylvania, is discussing the social safety net and why we will continue to discuss those programs that are the lifeline of so many Americans. Why am I here? I am here because I represent Alabama’s Seventh Congres-sional District, a district which is my home district. I proudly hail from the Seventh Congressional District. The Seventh Congressional District is the poorest district in the State of Ala-bama. The median income for a family of four is $32,000. But, Mr. Speaker, we are not asking for a handout, we are asking for a hand up. We need Federal assistance to make sure that our chil-dren don’t go hungry, to make sure that those who work a lifetime have Social Security to live on when they are old. It is important that we remember that these social safety net programs keep Americans afloat and keep work-ing Americans still working, being able to provide food and nutrition to their children, being able to buy drugs that are lifesaving for them to continue to live. It is critically important that we remember that the social safety net is not just for minorities, it is for all Americans when they need it—when they need it. It is a promise that Amer-ica has made and a promise that the GOP and this administration continues to break. Lives are on the line. That is why I am calling on this Congress and this administration to abandon its attacks on the social safety net. Instead, we should be passing legislation that puts working people first. I am calling on this Congress to help keep our promise to the American people that no one will be left behind. As the richest Na-tion in the world, keeping that promise is not only within our power, it is our obligation. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my col-league, Congressman E
VANS from Pennsylvania, and the Congressional Black Caucus for this Special Order hour and for continuing to remind peo-ple that we are Americans and we, as Americans, don’t break our promise. Let’s not break our promise when it comes to Medicaid, Medicare, and So-cial Security; let’s not break our prom-ise when it comes to the nutrition of our students; and let’s not break our promise when it comes to working peo-ple who have worked all their lives for Social Security and need only to live off of it now. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the Con-gressional Black Caucus for its courage to continue to speak power to truth. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleague from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) one quick question. She raised a very good point about promise. Does she have any last thought about the element of promise; could she just take a minute or so, just really from her own experience and her own constituents, what the meaning of that promise means today? Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I absolutely will. As my colleague just said, I think what I want people to remember is that we, as Americans, do make promises to other Americans. We do it all of the time. The promise that I am talking about with social safety net is a promise that we won’t leave other Americans be-hind. We can’t be the land of plenty and have people struggling each and every day. In my district, there are parts of my district that have water and sewer issues, sanitary issues, in 2018. No one in America should not have a flushing toilet. In my district, there are people who live like that. I believe that the promise of America is a promise that we will do all we can to make sure that no American falls through the cracks. We have to remember that all of us go through trying times. These pro-grams are transitional programs. They are there to catch people when they are falling, to give people the opportunity and the training that they need to get back on their feet, to give them the op-portunity to be working Americans again, and to give them a dignity to continue to be able to afford to take care of themselves. I think that we need to remember that the American Dream comes with it an obligation, and I believe that that obligation is an American promise to all Americans that we won’t rip social safety net programs away from them, but, instead, we will thoughtfully pro-vide opportunities for training. The skills gap is real, and I think it is real-ly important that we, if we are to ad-dress the future of work in America, acknowledge that we are leaving lots of Americans behind, and we, as a Federal Government, should take that as a challenge and meet that challenge to close the skills gap. In many ways, the skills gap is an op-portunity gap as well. In order to pro-vide people who need opportunities the most, we have to be willing to step up and provide the resources for them to be able to retrain and retool. b1945 It is critically important. The dig-nity of work is something that is criti-cally important to most Americans, all Americans. My district has the largest unem-ployment. When I took office in 2011, the average unemployment in my 14 counties was near 15 percent. It was 14.7 percent. And while Tuscaloosa is doing great and Birmingham is doing great, cities like Selma, that I grew up in, had 21 percent unemployment. What people needed was an oppor-tunity to get back on their feet. I dare to think about all the Americans who were helped by having the Affordable Care Act, by having Medicare and Med-icaid, by having the assistance of the Federal Government to get back on their feet. I am happy to report that the aver-age unemployment in my 14 counties is not where we want to be, but we are at 6.3 percent. So it is not at the 3.9 or so that the national average is, but we are a far cry better than we were at the 15 percent. So these people are working. So social service programs were meant to help people get back on their feet. I just think that people think about the fraud and abuse. None of us want fraud and abuse when it comes to our programs, but I can tell you that 70 percent of the folks who receive SNAP in my district have children under the age of 17. So when I fight for SNAP, when I fight against the massive cuts that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to have, I am fighting for those children to have food to eat. I am fight-ing for the millions of seniors who are on food stamps who depend upon it to provide nutritional assistance. So I think that that promise is some-thing that we all should not only honor, but take as a badge of honor here in the Nation’s Capital and fight every day to provide opportunities for all Americans. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Seventh District of Alabama. I really appre-ciate her comments. Mr. Speaker, throughout this next 45 minutes, I am going to be introducing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.039 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3768 May 7, 2018 
some of my colleagues, but I want to read a letter that was sent to me on April 27, 2018. As the gentlewoman from Alabama said, I am from Pennsylvania; and being from Pennsylvania, our Governor wrote a letter, and this is what he said: ‘‘I write today to express my con-cerns regarding the text of the Agri-culture and Nutrition Act of 2018, or the farm bill released last week. The importance of the farm bill to Penn-sylvanians cannot be overstated. As you know, Pennsylvania farmers are facing the same challenges impacting the agricultural industry throughout the country. With trending towards lower farm incomes and a recent mar-ket loss for 42 Pennsylvania dairy farmers, the farm bill should be an op-portunity to support our Common-wealth’s most vulnerable agricultural industry. Unfortunately, the House Ag-riculture Committee has released a partisan bill that will punish strug-gling Pennsylvanians—especially sen-iors, individuals with disabilities, and working families in all your congres-sional districts. ‘‘The farm bill has always been a bi-partisan effort because hunger is not a political issue. For more than 40 years, Pennsylvanians have relied on the SNAP program to help put food on the table during tough times. Nearly 14 percent of our State’s population is ex-periencing food insecurity. Cuts to SNAP will only increase that number.’’ Mr. Speaker, the exact number in my congressional district, the Second Con-gressional District, is 215,195 individ-uals. In the new district, the Third Congressional District, it is 207,441 peo-ple who will be affected by these cuts. ‘‘Let’s be clear—SNAP recipients al-ready face work requirements. This bill increases them and institutes lengthy ineligibility periods for individuals who are noncompliant just for 1 month. In this bill, by 2021, all nondisabled in-dividuals ages 50 to 59 would face work requirements and by 2026, the required number of work hours per week will in-crease from 20 to 25. Yet this legisla-tion does not include adequate funding for States to provide job training or allow individuals a period of time to engage in educational activities to help residents meet these new threshold re-quirements. In Pennsylvania, that would translate to an additional 199,000 individuals who will be affected. Let me repeat that. In Pennsylvania, that will translate to 199,000 individuals be-tween 50 and 59 who would face cuts to SNAP. It is more difficult for older in-dividuals to find work when unem-ployed, and many people want to work more than 25 hours but cannot due to lack of available hours, children, or age.’’ Time limits on SNAP, Mr. Speaker, believe me, would have a devastating affect in Pennsylvania. ‘‘SNAP is a critical social net for our seniors and families’’ and veterans. ‘‘SNAP recipients receive on average of $126 per month, which translates to around $1.40 per meal,’’ Mr. Speaker. ‘‘According to Feeding America, the average meal in Pennsylvania costs $2.93. These cuts are an attack on our most vulnerable citizens. If the goal of the House leadership’’—that is, the Re-publican leadership—‘‘is to decrease the amount of money the Federal Gov-ernment spends on SNAP, I suggest’’— this is Governor Wolf—‘‘you raise the Federal minimum wage to $12 per hour’’ so that people can have a real chance. Mr. Speaker, I think it is clear from the Governor of Pennsylvania that there is an attack on poor people, and the Governor of the great State of Pennsylvania has gone on record in saying that we are moving in the wrong direction. Someone whom I have a lot of re-spect for, and she has served in the great State of Wisconsin in the State legislature, and I have known her be-fore I had this opportunity to come to Congress, is a person who is not shy about the things that she expresses. She speaks truth to power. That is the great woman from the Fourth District of Wisconsin, Mr. Speaker, Congress-woman G
WENMOORE . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. E
VANS for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I do appreciate having time here on this Congressional Black Caucus hour to discuss so-called wel-fare reform and efforts on the part of the majority to shred the safety net. Mr. Speaker, I think you just have to sort of sympathize with the majority, given the conundrum that they have put themselves into. What they did, in an effort to have some sort of win and to take advantage of having the major-ity in the House of Representatives, in the United States Senate, to be holding power in the White House with the new President, even seizing the Supreme Court, this was a very opportune time to do what the majority thought, and I give them credit for thinking that they wanted to implement and execute their greatest policy imperative, and that was to provide tax cuts to the wealthi-est Americans and to corporations. They wanted to take this one oppor-tunity to do that because, in their opinion, that is what would move our economy forward. In December, they were able to ac-complish it over the protests of econo-mists, over the protests of the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office that said if, in fact, these $1.9 trillion in tax cuts are given to the wealthiest Americans and corporations, that we would see deficits for the next decade at about $1.5 trillion, and that would add to the deficit we are already expe-riencing. Of course, that is the conundrum for the majority party, which out of one side of their mouth they have always been concerned about deficits, and now they were implementing a policy that would add to the deficit. Well, the ex-planation for that was that somehow this $1.9 trillion would materialize in a brand-new concept called trickle down; that somehow by cutting these taxes for the wealthiest Americans, that somehow this would create jobs, that wages would be raised, that there would be new capital expenditures; and although trickle down had not worked for 30, 40 years, that somehow this was going to happen. Well, the supposition is that these tax cuts would just sort of magically pay for themselves and that we should just give it a little bit of time. So when these tax cuts were put into place, we saw companies immediately lining up to provide bonuses, one-time-only bo-nuses—not raising the wages of work-ers, not building new factories. Now we see one of our favorite com-panies, one of my favorite companies— we all own a nice Apple phone—they just paid $100 billion buying back shares. Of course, shareholders are not Americans who live on Main Street. They are the wealthiest people not only in America, but all over the world. You don’t know who the share-holders are. They are probably not your next-door neighbors. Well, you have to empathize with the majority party, because they now have to figure out how to pay for these tax cuts. They have got to pay for them. We don’t have to guess how they are going to pay for them. The Speaker has told us how he plans to pay for them. The President has told us how they plan to pay for these tax cuts. I was so happy that the gentlewoman from Alabama was here earlier, and I just want to remind you of what she shared with us. She reminded us that the President, in his budget, his pro-posed budget, proposed cutting $1.4 trillion—that is ‘‘trillion’’ with a T; that is like 12 zeros after that 1—out of Medicaid. I know from sitting on the Budget Committee with the Speaker for so many years that this is a dream come true for our Speaker, who has always wanted to block grant—as in put on the chopping block—Medicaid, a program that provides security mostly for our seniors for them to have a dignified end-of-life experience instead of living like a dog in the back room somewhere living out their last days. We know from what they have put on paper—you can’t make this stuff up— they want to cut $500 billion—that is ‘‘billion’’ with a B—out of Medicare, the program that has reduced and al-most eliminated poverty, between that and Social Security, for our elders. You have heard it said time and again that a nation is judged by how it treats its young and its elderly. We know now that the White House and our President is fuming because this $1.9 trillion problem that they have created has now got to be solved. Well, that is just not enough money. That is only $2 trillion between Medi-care and Medicaid. So they said, ‘‘Wait a minute. We can cut some out of So-cial Security,’’ this so-called sacred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.041 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3769 May 7, 2018 
cow. They say, ‘‘We can cut, from So-cial Security Disability, $72 billion,’’ but that is not enough. We have in front of us a farm bill, and proposals in that bill would cut $23.8 billion out of it, pushing 9.5 mil-lion people deeper into poverty, food insecurity, and hunger. b2000 That is the framework for paying for the wealthiest people, for these poor corporations that we have got to pro-vide a safety net for, for these poor 1 percent of our population rich, the wealthiest 1 percent who need relief from the government. We are going to pay for it by cutting Medicare, Med-icaid, Social Security, and food stamps. Well, it doesn’t sound like that is enough for the majority. The President has said we are going to just review any program that targets, aids, and supports low-income or hardworking people. How about housing vouchers? So many Americans—there was a book written about my community by Mr. Matthew Desmond, titled, ‘‘Evicted,’’ and it pointed out how so many Ameri-cans work hard, but 50 percent, 60 per-cent of their income has to go toward housing because, in fact, we haven’t seen a raise in the minimum wage for over a decade. People are working two, three jobs. I have known people who have gone to work and go home at night to the homeless shelter. People cannot afford to pay 50 percent of their income, so there are hardworking Americans who have benefited from housing vouchers, Section 8, subsidized Community De-velopment Block Grant funds. But, of course, we have heard from our Secretary of HUD that we want to reform that program and require dis-abled folks, elderly folks, perhaps some of our veterans who live in subsidized housing, to pay 35 percent of their in-come versus 30 percent of their income. This doesn’t increase the pool of peo-ple who are eligible for housing. It does two things: It reduces the number of people who are eligible for subsidized housing, and then it raises the costs for those who are squeaking by every sin-gle day. So I just am inflamed about this, and I guess I want to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania some questions be-cause I might have the wrong perspec-tive on this. I am a person who has benefited from these programs. I have fed my family with SNAP, food stamps. I have used Medicaid to take my children to the doctor and to give birth. I have paid my rent using welfare benefits. I am wondering if the gentleman doesn’t think that vilifying poor people is an insidious and nefarious effort to create the atmosphere where Ameri-cans would be much more willing to take these programs away from them. I mean, there is this notion, some-how, that there are just lazy people who refuse to go work who need SNAP; that there are just lazy people who are ne’er-do-wells, and they are fraudulent, they have 80 Social Security numbers, and they are welfare queens. I was just wondering if the gen-tleman could just get it straight for me, share some things with me: How many families receive Tem-porary Assistance to Needy Families? Are people eating lobsters on SNAP? Are these homes filled with able-bod-ied people who refuse to work and they just want to get SNAP? Can the gentleman just give me a profile of the kind of people who we are trying to help. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). The gentleman from Penn-sylvania has 24 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I want to respond to the gentlewoman from Wis-consin (Ms. M
OORE ). I will give her something that is firsthand from a mayor who is on the forefront. I have a letter here from the mayor of the city of Philadelphia, which Philadelphia has about 1.5 million peo-ple. It is one of the biggest poor cities in America, so I am going to give you somebody specifically who can state that he wrote a letter, and I want to read what he has said. He said: ‘‘In Philadelphia’’—remem-ber, where America started, the Lib-erty Bell, the Constitution Center, Ben Franklin. You remember that, right? That is where it all started, right? This is what he said: ‘‘In Philadel-phia, approximately 480,000 individuals receive SNAP to help buy food they need to survive and feed their fami-lies.’’ There are more SNAP recipients who can work and do not work and would prefer to work, more than if they could. ‘‘SNAP is critical to helping low- wage and part-time workers who can’t find steady employment, veterans’’— those who fought for our country, those who have been out on the fore-front—‘‘people who are homeless. . . . ’’ The number that came from HUD in the city of Philadelphia was in the ballpark of 6,000 to 15,000 people home-less. Now remember, that is where the Liberty Bell is, Independence Hall is, Betsy Ross’ house. You remember all of that, right? So it is clear that SNAP is critical. ‘‘It also helps families with children, seniors, and people with disabilities put food on their table.’’ And think of this: ‘‘It doesn’t cost much—the bene-fits average about $1.34 per person per meal—but it helps Philadelphians ful-fill basic needs. And it also has been found to have long-term positive im-pacts on health, as well as on chil-dren’s educational attainment. SNAP also contributes to the Philadelphia economy. Every dollar spent on SNAP generates $1.70 in economic activity in Philadelphia’s grocery stores,’’ grocers who depend a great deal on the impor-tance of this initiative. Remember, where America started, in Philadelphia, this is occurring. So here there is a letter from the mayor stating very clearly that cutting off SNAP will not help Philadelphians get their jobs but will just make it harder for them to pay for their food they need. So, in other words, those work re-quirements and the things the gentle-woman described, we have an evidence- based letter of a mayor who is on the front line, who has to deal with these things every single day. And the fact of the matter is you can document the statistics. In the con-gressional district that I represent, which is a part of the city of Philadel-phia, there is 26 percent poverty, 195,000 people. There is a food bank in one of our major universities in the city of Philadelphia. In the suburban district, which I have a letter from Montgomery Coun-ty, which is supposed to be one of the richest counties outside of Philadel-phia, I say to you, Mr. Speaker, that you ask the right questions and you raise the right issues all on the basis, as you described, on that framework and what you described, paying for that giveaway or taxes. It is not an accident that that tax issue was H. Res. 1 and the farm bill is H. Res. 2. So you think about the order of that, you think about H. Res. 1, H. Res. 2, you see for yourself. So the gentlewoman’s whole theory is definitely not incorrect, and what she has laid out is very clear that this is an attempt to beat up on poor peo-ple, beat up on people in these commu-nities. Mr. Speaker, I say to you that we, as the Congressional Black Caucus, are not just going to sit silent. We are going to make sure people hear us. We are going to make sure people know that we are just not going to accept this. So I say to the gentlewoman, I heard her message and I have described it to her. I yield to the gentlewoman from Wis-consin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that. I just want to tell him how outraged I am by the propaganda against poor people. I am outraged by it. If you look at a family that uses SNAP, formerly called food stamps, this program works perfectly well in a capitalist society, in a countercyclical economy. When we almost had a de-pression in 2008, the food stamp rolls went up, and now they are coming back down because people are more con-nected with work. Two-thirds of these families that re-ceive SNAP have at least one working person in it. And guess what. They have veterans in them and elders, chil-dren and disabled people. Eighty per-cent of the people who receive SNAP, someone has worked the year before or the year after, so it is not an issue of people not wanting to work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.042 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3770 May 7, 2018 
And think about it: we now have given $1.9 trillion in tax cuts to the wealthiest people. We hear the White House bragging about how we have in-creased those jobs, we have increased jobs by 164,000 people. Let me tell you, I happen to know in my own commu-nity people got two or three of those jobs because that is what they need to hold it down. Before I finish, I will just say that we ought not fall for the okeydoke, be-cause poor people are not those other people. They are you; they are your cousins; they are people who go to your church; they are your kids’ classmates; they are people who worked every day and lost their jobs due to technology or downsizing. And when you are 50 years old, it is not because you don’t want to work. You can’t work. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the great State of Wisconsin for her comments. I want to introduce someone else who is also on the Budget Committee, who I have watched a long time in the short period of time that I have been here. She has been a real fighter, and she speaks to the issues. I have not seen anyone intimidate her, and she is from the great 18th District of Texas. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished manager for yielding to me and for the eloquent statements of our colleagues, including Congresswoman S
EWELL and Congress-woman M
OORE . I thank our chairman, Mr. R
ICHMOND , for his persistence that members of the Congressional Black Caucus come to the floor of the House to be able to ad-dress these concerns that are very im-portant. I am going to be very brief, but I want to join my colleagues on what I think is a striking and provocative dis-course, and it is a hurting discourse. The reason why I want to make sure that my voice is heard is because I have constituents who are living poor, but their spirit is not poor. Their com-mitment to success is not poor. Their desire for better opportunities for their children is not poor. Yet we want to condemn or malign this group that may be living in poverty. It strikes me as a difficult propo-sition to know that the Speaker of the House, for example, is seeking, again, welfare reform which, when I first came to the United States Congress, I enthusiastically voted against. And I was right because so many people were turned off the rolls; so many lives were ruined; so many children did not get the needs that they needed; so many poor mothers could not tend to their newborn babies because resources were lost. b2015 Now we come again to a concept of welfare reform, and we are not con-cerned, I guess, about the different health conditions of different ethnic and racial populations. The age 60 for some, maybe 80, in terms of a physical condition that they are facing, and so a flat number of 60, cut you off or you can’t have coverage that is necessary, is a sad state on this great country. The other point that I think is im-portant is that the President has of-fered a review of the programs that help the poor. Now, right now today, Houston is still suffering from the impact of Hur-ricane Harvey. And as I heard my col-league, good times today and bad times tomorrow. Or making ends meet today or yesterday, and not making them meet today. We are still seeing students and fami-lies who were displaced during Hurri-cane Harvey losing everything and barely getting back on their feet, and this is May, and we are about to enter the hurricane season again. So the idea of a safety net that the $1.7 trillion tax cut cuts right into, that is the point. A safety net is not a handout. This reverse Robin Hood tax bill takes from individuals who are part, again, of the greatness of America. We are always hearing of the stories of the person from the little red schoolhouse or rural America who was great and made it to a success story. They made it through the Helping Hands. They made it through the Pell grants. They made it through Medicare. They made it through Medicaid. In 1965, we saw more seniors living after 1965, when President Johnson and the Democratic Congress passed Medi-care and Medicaid. So the idea that we are reviewing programs that are impacting people who suffer from poverty or that we would think it is more important to have this major tax cut that is cre-ating this huge deficit so the people who are victimized are the people who, in fact, are part of America’s greatness and have every right to have an oppor-tunity of success in their lives. Seventy percent of Americans rely on at least one means-tested Federal pro-gram. The nutrition program, the SNAP program, the Disaster Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program, was a lifeline for Houstonians and peo-ple in Harris County during Hurricane Harvey. I remember getting an extension, and 30,000 people came and stood in the hot Sun for 3 days just to be able to get a voucher that would carry them through the Christmas holiday. That was what you call emergency supple-mental nutrition. What we have now, the SNAP pro-gram, $1.40 per meal. And then the President was offering: Let’s don’t do that. Let’s send a box. Let’s send a brown box to the house and have some dry milk and whatever other non-perishables could be in there. These people have children. They have pre-K. They need childcare. Have you heard the fact that HUD may be tripling the rents that low-in-come Americans are receiving that housing Federal subsides would have to pay? So they get a Federal subsidy and they have to pay three times the rent? That seems to be a little absurd. If we are concerned about what is a hand up, what is, in fact, the oppor-tunity for individuals to meet their promise and their greatness, we would not have passed such an atrocious tax bill that really eats at the flesh of sur-vival of this country and many Ameri-cans. For example, the top 1 percent’s tax cut, if they didn’t get that tax cut—of which many have said: We don’t want it, didn’t need it—childcare would be able to be provided for 19 children, job training for 27 workers, Pell grants for 38 students, and providing substance use disorder treatment for 21 people. The CHIP program would be stronger; and, of course, the ability for individ-uals suffering from the opioid crisis, we would have far more dollars to be able to assist them to restore their lives. So it is very important that the de-bate tonight not be, as it has been characterized, about poor people or the impoverished, or that the debate is about handouts. It is the safety net that every single American desires but is really owed to have. It is the very safety net that has the world looking to America as the greatest Nation in the world. I have many friends in many coun-tries around the world, and some of these countries have a billion-plus peo-ple. The safety net that they have is a nonsafety net. So the level of disaster and devastation in populations is al-most unbelievable as compared to here in this country. But the reason why we are this coun-try is because people expect us not to be those countries. They expect us to be the America with resources, and we do have resources. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman very much for yielding to me to explain, one, the devastation of this trillion-plus tax cut bill that we fought vigorously in the Budget Com-mittee and offered any number of amendments to correct and protect Medicaid, Medicare, education, and benefits that really give us stair steps of opportunity. But I hope, as we move forward, that we will not go down this very disas-trous pathway of changing welfare to make it a punitive legislative initia-tive so that the people hurt the most are those in the sunset of their life, seniors, those who are suffering from opioid addiction, and our children. I hope we don’t totally implode the valuable safety net that brought us through the depression that FDR de-veloped in the 1940s with the WPA and then on into the 1960s when President Johnson had the great society. Where is the America that cares? Where is the America that under-stands? Mr. Speaker, It is important for me to be standing here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.044 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3771 May 7, 2018 
This is the Reverse Robin Hood Tax Bill. Instead of taking from the rich and giving to the poor. This tax law takes from the very poor and gives to the very rich. Last year, the GOP passed its tax cuts for the richest among us. Now no one should be surprised that this happened. It is crystal clear that President Trump, a man who comes from wealth, doesn’t under-stand the challenges facing the working poor. His constant effort to undermine programs that help these Americans maintain a basic standard of living does nothing more than rein-force deeply racialized myths that poor Ameri-cans are lazy and undeserving. This couldn’t be further from the truth. Mil-lions of Americans who are beneficiaries of these programs work two or more jobs just to keep food on the table and a roof over their heads for their families. In addition, the vast majority of full-time workers live paycheck to paycheck. In fact, 70% of Americans rely on at least one means tested federal program throughout their lives. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Pro-gram (SNAP) only provides $1.40 per meal. Not to mention that only one in five quali-fying families actually receives housing assist-ance. At the end of the day, our constituents should be able to support their children with one full-time job. This requires increasing the minimum wage, strengthening job training programs, and cre-ating good-paying jobs. Ultimately, we need to give families the tools they need to rise out of poverty, not un-dercut programs that keep them afloat. Instead, the current president has made the least of these pick up the tab. And he’s doing this while his cabinet nomi-nated officials are feeding at the trough. Take for example the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development (HUD). Just last week, HUD indicated that they would triple the rents that low-income Ameri-cans receiving housing federal subsidies would have to pay. This was done while Secretary Carson spent $30,000 in taxpayer money on a dining room table, proposed tripling the rent for low- income Americans receiving federal housing subsidies. Last month, the president issued an execu-tive order to restrict access to healthcare, housing, food, and many other programs that help the working poor. President Trump’s plan to cut funding for healthcare, food, and housing programs in order to give tax cuts to billionaires will do nothing more than make a bad situation worse. The fact of the matter is that programs that help the working poor have been under con-stant attack for the last 30 years and, in many cases, don’t go far enough. Only one in four qualifying families with chil-dren actually receives Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF). The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Pro-gram (SNAP) only provides $1.40 per meal. Not to mention that only one in five quali-fying families actually receives housing assist-ance. Federal programs should do more to help the working poor who are forced to spend 70– 80% of their income on rent and utilities. To give you a snapshot of who is harmed by this tax scam, and how it harms those needing a hand up, consider that the average tax cut for someone in the Top 0.1%, that money could mean: Childcare for 19 children. Job training for 27 workers. Pell grants or 38 students. Providing substance use disorder treatment for 21 people. Health coverage through the Children Health Insurance Program (CHIP). So when we consider who this helps and who this hurts, it is clear that this bill hurts those seeking help caring for their families. It hurts those seeking training and a profes-sional gateway to another profession. It seeks those looking for assistance to edu-cation. And in this age of the Opioid crisis, where tomorrow we will be having a hearing on this matter, an average tax cut would provide sub-stance use disorder treatment for 21 people. So it is clear that this bill is not for the mid-dle class. By now, the GOP’s playbook is well known: campaign as if you support the middle class and those striving to enter it, but once elected use the levers of government to favor the rich and the powerful. That’s why time on the GOP is coming up. The American People are watching and they know that the Democrats offer a better deal. And Democrats stand ready to offer #ABetterDeal. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good colleague from the great State of Texas in the 18th District for her com-ments adding to this discussion. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from the Governor of Pennsyl-vania, who indicated 1.8 million people are on SNAP; the city of Philadelphia, where it all started here in terms of America, 400,000 individuals on SNAP, a letter from the mayor of the city of Philadelphia; and a letter from the chair, Chairwoman Arkoosh, who is chair of the Montgomery County Board of Commissioners, the third largest county in the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania, where 50,000 people are on SNAP. 
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA , Harrisburg, PA, April 17, 2018. Hon. D
WIGHT EVANS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN EVANS : I write today to express my concerns regarding the text of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 or the Farm Bill released last week. The impor-tance of the Farm Bill to Pennsylvanians cannot be overstated. As you know, Pennsyl-vania farmers are facing the same challenges impacting the agricultural industry through-out the country. With trending low farm in-comes and a recent market loss for 42 Penn-sylvania dairy farmers, the Farm Bill should be an opportunity to support our common-wealth’s valuable agricultural industry. Un-fortunately, the House Agriculture com-mittee has released a partisan bill that will punish struggling Pennsylvanians especially seniors, individuals with disabilities, and working families in your congressional dis-trict. The Farm Bill has always been a bipar-tisan effort because hunger is not a political issue. For more than 40 years, Pennsylva-nians have relied on the Supplemental Nutri-tion Assistance Program (SNAP) to help put food on the table during tough times. Nearly 14 percent of our state’s population is experi-encing food insecurity. Cuts to SNAP will only increase that number. In February of this year, over 1.8 million Pennsylvanians were enrolled in SNAP, including 215,195 in-dividuals in the 2nd Congressional District and 207,411 in the new 3rd Congressional Dis-trict. Over 80% of SNAP dollars are distrib-uted to households with children, seniors, or an individual with a disability according to the US Department of Agriculture. Let’s be clear—SNAP recipients already face work requirements. This bill increases them and institutes lengthy ineligibility pe-riods for individuals who are non-compliant for just one month. In this bill, by 2021 all nondisabled individuals ages 50 to 59 would face work requirements and by 2026 the re-quired number of work hours per week will increase from 20 to 25. Yet this legislation does not include adequate funding for states to provide job training or allow individuals a period of time to engage in educational ac-tivities to help residents meet these new threshold requirements. In Pennsylvania that would translate to an additional 199,000 individuals between 50–59 who would face cuts to SNAP. It is more difficult for older individuals to find work when unemployed and many people want to work more than 25 hours but cannot due to lack of available hours, children, or age. Time limits on SNAP would now apply to parents of children older than 6. Over 20% of Pennsylvania’s SNAP re-cipients have children in the household. These parents already face significant bar-riers to meet the current work requirements. Increasing them makes it more likely their children will face hunger which creates bar-riers to academic success and results in poor-er health outcomes and a higher risk of chronic conditions. Combined, each of these things contributes to a cycle of poverty that can be almost impossible to break. Cuts to SNAP do not just affect those who receive SNAP benefits. In the 2017 fiscal year, SNAP recipients in Pennsylvania spent more than $2.7 billion in benefits. These dol-lars do not only benefit the recipient but flow to local business that provide jobs and economic stability to the commonwealth. SNAP spending currently accounts for more than 10 percent of all spending on food pur-chased to be eaten at home. It is estimated that each SNAP dollar spent provides nearly double the impact in local communities. Cuts to SNAP are cuts to cuts farms, food processors, and grocery stores as well. SNAP is a critical safety net for our sen-iors and families. SNAP recipients receive on average of $126 per month, which translates to around $1.40 per meal. According to Feed-ing America, the average meal in Pennsyl-vania costs $2.93. These cuts are an attack on our most vulnerable citizens. If the goal of House leadership is to decrease the amount of money the federal government spends on SNAP, I suggest you raise the federal min-imum wage to $12.00 per hour and lift mil-lions of Americans out of poverty that way instead of taking food off the table for Penn-sylvanians. I urge you to reject this partisan legislation and instead work together on a bill that can pass both chambers with bipar-tisan support. My administration is ready and eager to engage in conversations on leg-islation to benefit all Pennsylvanians. Thank you for the opportunity to weigh in on this issue. Sincerely, T
OMWOLF, Governor. 
CITY OF PHILADELPHIA , Philadelphia, PA. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE EVANS : I am writing to provide you with information about the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.024 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3772 May 7, 2018 
impacts of changes to the Supplemental Nu-trition Assistance Program (SNAP) that are proposed in the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 under consideration in the House, which include cuts to SNAP benefits and ex-pansion of time limits and work require-ment. My administration has made work and workforce a priority—in fact we recently an-nounced the City’s workforce strategy: Fuel-ing the Philadelphia’s Talent Engine. We be-lieve that work is key to success for families and for our communities. But adding bureau-cratic requirements and harsh penalties to a program that helps people stave off hunger is not the way to increase employment. In Philadelphia approximately 480,000 indi-viduals receive SNAP to help buy the food they need to survive and feed their families. Most SNAP recipients who can work do work, and would prefer to work more hours if they could. This bill expands SNAP time- limits and work requirements and adds harsh penalties—12 and 36 months ineligibility for food assistance—for those who are not in compliance, even if they are trying to find work. The bill proposes reducing the spend-ing on direct food assistance to needy fami-lies in order to pay for implementation of these bureaucratic new requirements. Re-search indicates aggressive new work re-quirements are likely to cause families in need to lose food assistance, while doing lit-tle to increase employment. SNAP is critical to helping low-wage and part-time workers who can’t find steady em-ployment, veterans, people who are home-less, and people struggling with addictions. It also helps families with children, seniors, and people with disabilities put food on the table. It doesn’t cost much—the benefits av-erage about $1.34 per person per meal—but it helps Philadelphians fulfil basic needs. And it also has been found to have long-term positive impacts on health, as well as on children’s educational attainment. SNAP also contributes to the Philadelphia econ-omy. Every dollar spent in SNAP generates $1.70 in economic activity in Philadelphia’s grocery stores and farmer’s markets. We believe that one group of Philadel-phians who would be disproportionately im-pacted by the penalties related to work re-quirements is people with criminal records. Having an arrest any time in one’s life con-tinues to decrease a job seeker’s prospects more than any other factor. Returning resi-dents want work, but if their criminal record prevents them from finding employment they would be unable to fulfil the work re-quirement and would lose SNAP benefits as a penalty. Cutting off SNAP will not help Philadel-phians get jobs but will just make it harder for them to pay for the food they need while they struggle to find work. I urge you and your colleagues in Congress to focus on policies that help create jobs and boost wages rather than punishing people who are already facing economic hardship. Sincerely, J
AMES F. K ENNEY , Mayor. 
MONTGOMERY COUNTY BOARD  
OFCOMMISSIONERS , Norristown, PA, April 17, 2018. Hon. D
WIGHT EVANS : Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN EVANS : I am writing today to oppose the changes to the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) that are outlined in the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018. The proposed strict eligibility requirements would elimi-nate as many as one million recipients that rely on SNAP to feed themselves and their families. In Montgomery County, more than 50,000 residents receive SNAP benefits, and more than 21,000 of those recipients are children. Another 8,000 are senior citizens, and more than 7,500 are disabled adults. For these resi-dents, the SNAP program makes the dif-ference as to whether or not these vulnerable individuals have a meal each day. With an average monthly benefit of $123.51 for SNAP recipients, it is already difficult for recipients to receive proper nutrition. Not only that, but Montgomery County has a large population that is food insecure, but earn just enough to disqualify them for SNAP benefits. An estimated 58 percent of those who experience hunger in our county are ineligible for assistance. We need to ex-tend SNAP benefits, not shrink them, for our most vulnerable county residents. In Pennsylvania, one in 12 workers use SNAP to supplement their nutritional needs. Many of the workers on SNAP earn low wages, have unstable schedules and cannot rely on enough hours to feed their families each week, or are in between jobs. SNAP as-sists workers in the service industry, sales and retail workers, teaching assistants, con-struction and other seasonal workers, and agricultural workers among many others. These individuals are a critical component of our local economy and yet still struggle to put food on the table for their families. As a doctor, I know that access to healthy, affordable food and safe housing are key fac-tors in the health of children and adults. SNAP has an impact on the health of its re-cipients—they have lower healthcare costs than people who are eligible for SNAP, but do not use it. Food insecurity also has a par-ticularly negative impact on children, who account for nearly half of SNAP recipients in Montgomery County, and pregnant women, as it is linked to infant mortality. Any cuts to SNAP benefits, or restrictions that attempt to broaden the circle of who legislators believe deserve to go hungry, are bad for our residents. No one deserves to go hungry—not the children in our county, and not their parents who may sacrifice their own meals so there is more food for their lit-tle ones. SNAP is helping many families keep their heads above water, and we should be finding more ways to expand the program to assist those families, instead of trying to cut the rope. Please contact my office if you have any questions. Sincerely, VALERIE A. A RKOOSH , MD, MPH, Chair, Montgomery County Board of Commissioners. 
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to read a little bit from Ms. Arkoosh’s letter. ‘‘In Montgomery County, more than 50,000 residents receive SNAP benefits, and more than 21,000 of those recipients are children. Another 8,000 are senior citizens, and more than 7,500 are dis-abled adults. For these residents, the SNAP program makes the difference as to whether or not these vulnerable in-dividuals have a meal each day. ‘‘With an average monthly benefit of $123.51 for SNAP recipients, it is al-ready difficult for recipients to receive proper nutrition. Not only that, but Montgomery County has a large popu-lation that is food insecure, but earn just enough to disqualify them for SNAP benefits. An estimated 58 per-cent of those who experience hunger in our county are ineligible for assist-ance. We need to extend SNAP bene-fits, not shrink them, for our most vul-nerable county residents. ‘‘In Pennsylvania, 1 in 12 workers use SNAP to supplement their nutritional needs. Many of the workers on SNAP earn low wages, have unstable sched-ules, and cannot rely on enough hours to feed their families each week. . . . ’’ This is a major county in the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I give this as further evidence that clearly we are going in the wrong direction. So let’s be clear. With the President’s executive order, which is a thinly veiled attempt to re-strict access to healthcare, housing, food, and many other basic living pro-grams, by adding on onerous work re-quirements, it is not surprising that this President is ordering a mass re-view of the social safety net programs that help the poorest of the poor the same week that the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office projected a massive deficit as a result of the Re-publican’s tax scam. Let’s be clear, Mr. Speaker. Demo-crats sounded the alarm months ago when the Republicans passed a massive $1.9 trillion tax cut. That is because Republicans employed this terrible three-step process before. First, cut the tax rate for top income earners and corporations. Claim that it will magically pay enough through eco-nomic growth. We have heard that be-fore. Second, balloon the deficit when eco-nomic growth does not pay for the tax cut and pretend to be shocked. Third, insist on massive cuts in crit-ical programs that provide a basic standard of living for all Americans, like eliminating Meals on Wheels for seniors and benefits for Americans with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, we have seen this plan before, and it is very unfortunate. We all need to understand, as Dr. King talked about, a beloved community. We are our brothers’ and sisters’ keep-er. What is worse, Mr. Speaker, the President’s budget and executive ac-tion to make it harder for struggling Americans to get the help they need is officially step three. The President and the conservatives who control this agenda paint a racist and inadequate portrait of poor people as lazy welfare queens who would rath-er depend on the government than pull themselves up by the boot straps. But nothing could be further from the truth. It is a reality that a million Americans face. Everybody would like to work, Mr. Speaker. So let’s be very clear. Everybody, if they have a good, decent job and a decent income, no one—no one, Mr. Speaker—wants to be on the SNAP program. However, Mr. Speaker, understanding the cyclical nature of our economy, there is a need. Food banks cannot do it alone. We all know, the reality is there is a direct connection between what is happening in our economy. So let’s be clear. Our Nation’s soci-etal safety net already has failed to help the families they need. Already, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.026 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3773 May 7, 2018 
the State of Pennsylvania, nearly 14 percent of our population, many of them in Philadelphia, are hungry. And, unfortunately, they will be joined by more Pennsylvanians if this farm bill is to pass. Mr. Speaker, this is not something to be taken lightly. This is not something that we should smile and joke about because this is no joke. There are an awful lot of people out here, Mr. Speak-er. And the Congressional Black Cau-cus stands today to work with anyone who is trying to move us forward and not backwards. So it is clear, Mr. Speaker, in terms of the effects that we are having, this is something that we shouldn’t take lightly. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make a little announcement about the person who does all the staff work, because it is important to recognize staff. She has been the guiding force behind these Special Orders, and I want to thank her personally and go on the record that Caren Street has been a fantastic person. She is just leaving the Congressional Black Caucus, but she will still be around and be avail-able. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Caren for all she has done for the people of this country and particularly for the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b2030 BENEFITS OF TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks, and include extra-neous material on the topic of this Spe-cial Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, this evening, we will hear from myself and a colleague from Tennessee, and he is joining me today to talk about how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has benefited our States. In my congressional district, Ken-tucky’s Second, I have heard from con-stituents who have seen more money in their paychecks and from businesses that have been able to grow and pass along the benefits of tax reform di-rectly to their employees. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act doubled the standard deduction for both indi-viduals and couples. For the 75 percent of residents in Kentucky’s Second Dis-trict who take the standard deduction, this is an automatic tax cut. Addition-ally, individuals in every tax bracket are paying lower rates. When I visited Owensboro in Feb-ruary, I met Cheri and Ray Middle-town, who own On Time Fab, a small business that provides fabrication serv-ices for agricultural, industrial, and commercial productions. Cheri and Ray shared with me that, during the first week of the implementation of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, each of the 20 em-ployees of On Time Fab took home more pay as a result of tax reform. One employee took home as much as $56 a week and more than $200 a month. A single dad working for On Time Fab is bringing home an extra $40 each week. Some thought there was a mis-take in their paychecks because they are able to keep so much of their hard- earned money, and $40 a week is over $160 a month. By cutting the corporate tax rate to make the U.S. competitive globally, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has given businesses the opportunity to pass along savings to their customers. For example, residents of 48 States, plus the District of Columbia, are seeing their utility bills go down because of tax reform. In Kentucky, the Public Service Commission has ordered investor- owned utilities to track their tax sav-ings and to reduce rates for hundreds of thousands of Kentucky customers. In fact, the Public Service Commission has already announced that Kentucky Utilities’ and Louisville Gas & Elec-tric’s residential electric customers will see their average monthly bills de-creased by 6 percent. Atmos Energy, which serves western Kentucky, announced in March that it will be cutting the average residential bill by just over 3 percent. Other sav-ings from tax reform will fund infra-structure upgrades across the Com-monwealth. Companies in Kentucky have been able to expand their oper-ation because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Owl’s Head Alloys in my hometown of Bowling Green recently announced a $3 million expansion which would cre-ate 17 new jobs, bringing their total employment in the Second District to nearly 100 good-paying jobs. When I visited their facility in March, Owl’s Head owner and president, David Brad-ford, told me that the economic out-look resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act helped lead to their decision to expand. This is exactly why we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: to give Amer-ican businesses the confidence to grow and expand right in our communities, and to help individual taxpayers keep more of their money. Some might say that an extra $200 a month is just crumbs. For hardworking Kentucky taxpayers, the extra money can go to-ward a car payment or a mortgage. It can help pay for a child’s braces or even for regular expenses like gro-ceries. The bottom line is that, with more expendable income in their pockets, Americans across the country have more freedom to choose how they spend their hard-earned money. A typ-ical family of four earning $75,000 can expect to pay $2,000 less in taxes this year compared to last year. I was proud to support the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am proud to report that tax reform is making a real dif-ference in the lives of Kentuckians. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to have a neighbor to the south of me here today to talk about how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is having a big effect on the lives of not just Kentuckians but all Americans—particularly Kentucky and Tennessee—so I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ), my good friend from suburban Memphis, which is one of the great cities in our area, to talk about the effects of the tax cuts in Tennessee. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Kentucky for organizing this evening and talking about how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is helping the hardworking people of Tennessee. I think we all know that, in Decem-ber, with President Trump’s strong support, this Congress passed the first major reform of our Tax Code in 31 years. We all knew that bringing these historic changes to the Tax Code would improve the quality of life for Ten-nesseans and millions of Americans. Quite frankly, the Tax Code is simpler and fairer to everyone. Jobs are being created, and pay-checks are bigger. We are all enjoying a robust economy that is the best it has been in a long time. Just last week, in my district in west Tennessee, in the Eighth Congressional District of Ten-nessee, two major announcements were made in my district. In Lake County, Excel Boat Company announced they will be opening a manufacturing plant that will bring 200 good-paying jobs and a total economic development in-vestment of $9 million. Additionally, in my district, a South Korean manufacturer announced a $13 million investment in Martin, Ten-nessee, and 220 job opportunities at the company’s first United States-based lo-cation. Prior to that, just 1 month after the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, FedEx announced an investment of more than $200 million to raise wages for their employees. Then 2 months later, FedEx continued their post-tax reform action and committed over $1 billion to expand their express hub in Memphis. Another company in the Eighth Con-gressional District, Dot Foods, which has a location in Dyersburg, Tennessee, announced $500 in bonuses for each of their 4,800 full-time employees nation-wide. I am also proud of First Horizon Cor-poration, also known as First Ten-nessee Bank, which is based in Ten-nessee, with branches all across the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.047 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3774 May 7, 2018 
Volunteer State. They invested tax re-form savings in their workforce. Not only did the bank give eligible employ-ees a bonus, they also increased their minimum wage to $15 an hour. This was because of tax reform. Now, a way to raise the minimum wage is to increase economic opportu-nities, economic possibilities, just, frankly, making the economic environ-ment better. Then there was the announcement by Tyson Foods, who gave a bonus to their frontline workers, or, as they call them, the backbone of their business. I have got a chart here of Tennessee, and you can see that, in Tennessee, the typical family of four is going to see a tax cut of over $2,000. That is real money. I think about an employer that I vis-ited with in my district who said—he may have 8 or 10 employees—he said he noticed when he was doing his employ-ees’ payroll—and they get paid each and every week—he noticed they were getting an additional $15 to $20 per week. So, if somebody is getting an ad-ditional $20 per week per pay period, that is $1,000 a year. The typical family of four in Ten-nessee is getting a tax cut of $2,023. Think of it this way: across the Nation, across our country, more than 4 mil-lion workers and counting have re-ceived a bonus, a pay raise, or in-creased retirement benefits. Mr. Speaker, it is becoming increas-ingly clear that tax reform is working and the America economic engine is off and running again. The most recent Federal jobs report shows the fastest wage growth since the 2008 recession, and the unemployment rate has dropped to a 17-year low. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Speak-er R
YAN. I want to thank Chairman B
RADY and especially President Donald Trump on their leadership in passing this landmark legislation. And, again, I want to thank the gentleman from Kentucky for all of his help in orga-nizing tonight to remind the people of this country the hard work that the President has done, the hard work that this Congress has done—the House of Representatives, and the Senate—so that we can improve our economy and we can return hard-earned money to the people, because they best know how to spend their money, not the bu-reaucrats in Washington. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Tennessee for yielding back. As he said, Tennessee has seen the benefits from tax reform. Kentucky is seeing the benefits of tax reform and the opportunity for people to move into prosperity as they expand oppor-tunity. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in April, unemployment was at 3.9 percent across the country. The Bureau of Labor Statistics also re-ported that 164,000 jobs were added across the country in April, raising the total since our tax reform bill was signed into law to nearly 800,000 people. Businesses are confident in our econ-omy because of tax reform. Most busi-nesses are telling me that they are looking for workers, looking for people to have the opportunity to move for-ward. One of the great reasons that we are trying to do some of the policies that were talked about during the last hour is that we want to see people have the opportunity to work, to go from poverty to prosperity, from dependence to independence. We want people to have the oppor-tunity to move forward, and a growing economy will allow them to do so be-cause these people are needed in the workforce. They are wanted. They are needed, and I will guarantee you, when we have people in the workforce, they are going to be better off than if they are not. So we are looking forward to moving forward with some of the issues that were talked about earlier. But tonight we have heard stories about Kentuckians; we have heard sto-ries about Tennesseans who have bene-fited from tax reform. Hardworking taxpayers are seeing more money in their paychecks. Companies are ex-panding and creating jobs. Businesses are passing along the benefits of tax cuts to their customers and to their employees, handing out bonuses and raises. We are seeing these stories in our own States and across the country. This is exactly what we expected when we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am glad to see many of our communities benefiting from this bill. I want to thank my friend from Ten-nessee for sharing his stories from Ten-nessee, as I was sharing my stories from Kentucky, and I thank him for joining me tonight to discuss the im-portance of tax reform. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of district business. Ms. E
STYof Connecticut (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on ac-count of personal business. Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and May 8. Mr. T
ONKO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of official business. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 42 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, May 8, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or af-firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: D
EBBIE LESKO , Eighth District of Arizona. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and sec-ond quarters of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DANIEL SILVERBERG, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND JAN. 4, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Daniel Silverberg ..................................................... 1 /1 1 /3 Iraq ........................................... ............ .................... 22.00 .................... 11,925.00 .................... .................... ................... . 11,947.00 1 /3 1 /4 Turkey ................................................... .................... 430.00 .................... 1,278.00 .... ................ .................... .................... 1708.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K07MY7.049 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3775 May 7, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DANIEL SILVERBERG, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND JAN. 4, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 452.00 .................... 13,203.00 .................... .................... ........ ............ 13,655.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. MR. DANIEL SILVERBERG, Apr. 27, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DANIEL SILVERBERG, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 23 AND JAN. 26, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Daniel Silverberg ..................................................... 1 /23 1 /26 Djibati ...................................... ............. .................... 381.00 .................... 14,600.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 14,981.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 381.00 .................... 14,600.00 .................... .................... ........ ............ 14,981.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. MR. DANIEL SILVERBERG, Apr. 27, 2018, 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DANIEL SILVERBERG, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 20 AND FEB. 23, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Daniel Silverberg ..................................................... 2 /20 2 /21 Turkey ....................................... ............ .................... 296.00 .................... 7,639.00 .................... .................... ................... . 7,935.00 2 /21 2 /23 Germany ................................................ .................... 640.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 640.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 936.00 .................... 7,639.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... 8,575.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. MR. DANIEL SILVERBERG, Apr. 27, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, REV. PATRICK J. CONROY, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 16 AND FEB. 26, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Rev. Patrick J. Conroy ............................................. 2 /16 2 /26 Indonesia ....................................... ....... .................... 610.00 .................... (3) .................... 1,149.30 .................... 1,759.30 ............. ................. Singapore .............................................. .................... .................... .. .................. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. Thailand ................................................ .................... .................... . ................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. Laos ...................................................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 610.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,149.30 ......... ........... 1,759.30 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. REV. PATRICK J. CONROY, Apr. 12, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JEFFREY DRESSLER, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 25 AND MAR. 29, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Jeffrey Dressler ........................................................ 3 /25 3 /27 Czech Republic ............................. ........ 272.10 272.10 .................... 8,227.01 10,200 498.58 .................... .................... 3 /27 3 /29 Germany ................................................ 93.15 115.31 .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 278.00 344.18 ........ ............ ....................
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 387.31 .................... 8,227.01 .................... 842.76 .................... .. ..................
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. MR. JEFFREY DRESSLER, Apr. 19, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO JORDAN, ISRAEL, AND AFGHANISTAN, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 24 AND  MAR. 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ........................................ ........... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Rosa DeLauro .................................................. 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Jan Schakowsky .............................................. 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ............................................ ....... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ......................................... .......... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Jim Himes ....................................................... 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ........................................ ........... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Hakeem Jeffries ............................................... 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Katherine Clark ............................................... 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan .......................................... ......... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Donald McEachin ............................................ 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ............................................. ...... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Jimmy Panetta ................................................ 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ........................................... ........ .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Brian Monahan ............................................... 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ............................................ ....... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ....................................... ............ .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Danny Weiss ............................................................ 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ...................................... ............. .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.027 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3776 May 7, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO JORDAN, ISRAEL, AND AFGHANISTAN, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAR. 24 AND  MAR. 30, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Drew Hammill .......................................................... 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ....................................... ............ .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Reva Price ............................................................... 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan .................................... ............... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan ............................................ ....... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Emily Berret ............................................................. 3 /25 3 /26 Jordan .................................... ............... .................... 610.98 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 610.98 Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ........................................ ............. .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560 Hon. Rosa DeLauro .................................................. 3 /26 3 /30 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560.00 Hon. Jan Schakowsky .............................................. 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ............................................ ......... .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560.00 Hon. Adam Schiff .................................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 7,422.90 Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560.00 Hon. Jim Himes ....................................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ........................................ ............. .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560.00 Hon. Hakeem Jeffries ............................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,040.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,696.72 Hon. Katherine Clark ............................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel .......................................... ........... .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560.00 Hon. Donald McEachin ............................................ 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ............................................. ........ .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560.00 Hon. Jimmy Panetta ................................................ 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ........................................... .......... .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560.00 Hon. Jamie Raskin ................................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ......................................... ............ .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,218.40 Hon. Brian Monahan ............................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ............................................ ......... .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560.00 Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ....................................... .............. .................... 1,560.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 1,560.00 Danny Weiss ............................................................ 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ...................................... ............... .................... 2,080.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,080.00 Drew Hammill .......................................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ....................................... .............. .................... 2,080.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,080.00 Reva Price ............................................................... 3 /26 3 /30 Israel .................................... ................. .................... 2,080.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,080.00 Kate Knudson Wolters ............................................. 3 /26 3 /30 Israel ............................................ ......... .................... 2,080.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,080.00 Emily Berret ............................................................. 3 /26 3 /30 Israel .................................... ................. .................... 2,080.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 2,080.00 Hon. Nancy Pelosi .................................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan ................................... ....... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Rosa DeLauro .................................................. 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan ..................................... ..... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Jan Schakowsky .............................................. 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan ....................................... ... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Adam Schiff .................................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan .................................... ...... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan .................................... ...... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Jim Himes ....................................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan ................................... ....... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Hakeem Jeffries ............................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan ..................................... ..... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Katherine Clark ............................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan ..................................... ..... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Donald McEachin ............................................ 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan ........................................ .. .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Jimmy Panetta ................................................ 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan ...................................... .... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Jamie Raskin ................................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan .................................... ...... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Hon. Brian Monahan ............................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan ....................................... ... .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Wyndee Parker ......................................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Afghanistan .................................. ........ .................... 28.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 28.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 47,477.70 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. (3) Military air transportation. HON NANCY PELOSI, Apr. 27, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO MOROCCO, SPAIN, AND SWITZERLAND, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 4 AND APR. 10, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Steve Scalise ................................................... 4 /4 4 /8 Morocco ......................................... ........ .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237.0 8 Hon. Jim Banks ....................................................... 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ......................................... ........ .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237.0 8 Hon. Bradley Byrne .................................................. 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco .......................................... ....... .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237.08  Hon. Carlos Curbelo ................................................ 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ........................................... ...... .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237.08 Hon. Jeff Duncan ..................................................... 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ......................................... ........ .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237.0 8 Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ............................................. .... .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237.08 Hon. David Joyce ..................................................... 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ......................................... ........ .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237.0 8 Hon. Brad Wenstrup ................................................ 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ............................................ ..... .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237.08 Hon. Kevin Yoder ..................................................... 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ......................................... ........ .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237.0 8 Brett Horton ............................................................. 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ..................................... ............ .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 2 37.08 Bart Reising ............................................................ 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ...................................... ........... .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 23 7.08 Ellen Gosnell ............................................................ 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ..................................... ............ .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 2 37.08 Lauren Fine .............................................................. 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ..................................... ............ .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 2 37.08 Dan Sadlosky ........................................................... 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ....................................... .......... .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 237 .08 Dennis Nalls ............................................................ 4 /4 4 /5 Morocco ...................................... ........... .................... 114.00 .................... 128.08 .................... .................... .................... 23 7.08 Hon. Steve Scalise ................................................... 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ........................................... ......... .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542. 46 Hon. Jim Banks ....................................................... 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ........................................... ......... .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542. 46 Hon. Bradley Byrne .................................................. 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ............................................ ........ .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542.4 6 Hon. Carlos Curbelo ................................................ 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ............................................. ....... .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542.46  Hon. Jeff Duncan ..................................................... 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ........................................... ......... .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542. 46 Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ............................................... ..... .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542.46 Hon. David Joyce ..................................................... 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ........................................... ......... .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542. 46 Hon. Filemon Vela ................................................... 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ............................................ ........ .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542.4 6 Hon. Brad Wenstrup ................................................ 4 /5 4 /5 Spain .............................................. ...... .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542.46 Hon. Kevin Yoder ..................................................... 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ........................................... ......... .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542. 46 Brett Horton ............................................................. 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ....................................... ............. .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542.46 Bart Reising ............................................................ 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ........................................ ............ .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 5 42.46 Ellen Gosnell ............................................................ 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ....................................... ............. .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542.46 Lauren Fine .............................................................. 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ....................................... ............. .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 542.46 Dan Sadlosky ........................................................... 4 /5 4 /5 Spain ......................................... ........... .................... 414.00 .................... 128.46 .................... .................... .................... 54 2.46 Chris Bond ............................................................... 4 /5 4 /8 Spain ....................................... ............. .................... 414.00 .................... 128.45 .................... .................... .................... 542.45 Dennis Nalls ............................................................ 4 /5 4 /8 Spain ........................................ ............ .................... 414.00 .................... 128.45 .................... .................... .................... 5 42.45 Hon. Steve Scalise ................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland .................................... ....... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58  Hon. Jim Banks ....................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland .................................... ....... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58  Hon. Bradley Byrne .................................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ..................................... ...... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58 Hon. Carlos Curbelo ................................................ 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ...................................... ..... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58 
Hon. Jeff Duncan ..................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland .................................... ....... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58  Hon. Richard Hudson .............................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ........................................ ... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58 Hon. David Joyce ..................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland .................................... ....... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58  Hon. Filemon Vela ................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ..................................... ...... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58 Hon. Brad Wenstrup ................................................ 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ....................................... .... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58 Hon. Kevin Yoder ..................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland .................................... ....... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700.58  Brett Horton ............................................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ................................ ........... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 70 0.58 Bart Reising ............................................................ 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ................................. .......... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700 .58 Ellen Gosnell ............................................................ 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ................................ ........... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 70 0.58 Lauren Fine .............................................................. 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ................................ ........... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 70 0.58 Dan Sadlosky ........................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland .................................. ......... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700. 58 Chris Bond ............................................................... 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ................................ ........... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 70 0.58 Dennis Nalls ............................................................ 4 /8 4 /10 Switzerland ................................. .......... .................... 328.00 .................... 372.58 .................... .................... .................... 700 .58 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 14,324.00 .................... 10,363.86 .................... .................... ..... ............... 24,687.86 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE SCALISE, Apr. 23, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.027 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3777 May 7, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1  AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Matthew Mackenzie ................................................. 1 /25 1 /26 Canada ........................................... ...... .................... 343.00 .................... 772.94 .................... 0 .................... 1,115.94 Hon. Roger Marshall ................................................ 3 /2 3 /5 Mexico ............................................ ....... .................... 1,171.50 .................... 579.03 .................... 0 .................... 1,750.53 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 1,514.50 .................... 1,351.97 .................... 0 .................... 2,866 .47 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Apr. 25, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Tom Cole ......................................................... 2 /21 2 /25 Colombia ..................................... .......... .................... 417.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 417.00 Hon. Steven M. Palazzo ........................................... 2 /1 2 /4 Kosovo .............................................. ..... .................... 541.57 .................... 8,856.41 .................... 3,331.86 .................... 12,729.84 Hon. Rodney P. Frelinghuysen ................................. 2 /17 2 /19 India ................................................. .... .................... 970.00 .................... 19,321.21 .................... 57.33 .................... 20,348.54 2 /19 2 /21 Cambodia ............................................. .................... 487.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 360.36 .................... 847.36 2 /21 2 /22 Laos ...................................................... .................... 292.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 369.09 .................... 661.09 2 /11 2 /25 Thailand ................................................ .................... 720.31 .................... ............ ........ .................... 580.94 .................... 1,301.25 Hon. Pete Aguilar .................................................... 2 /17 2 /19 India ......................................... ............ .................... 970.00 .................... 12,842.11 .................... 57.33 .................... 13,869.44 2 /19 2 /21 Cambodia ............................................. .................... 1,420.33 .................... ............. ....... .................... 180.66 .................... 1,600.99 2 /21 2 /22 Laos ...................................................... .................... 384.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 369.09 .................... 753.09 BG Wright ................................................................ 2 /17 2 /19 India ..................................... ................ .................... 970.00 .................... 19,501.61 .................... 57.33 .................... 20,528.9 4 2 /19 2 /21 Cambodia ............................................. .................... 487.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... 360.36 .................... 847.36 2 /21 2 /22 Laos ...................................................... .................... 292.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 369.09 .................... 661.09 2 /11 2 /25 Thailand ................................................ .................... 720.31 .................... ............ ........ .................... 580.94 .................... 1,301.25 Hon. Andy Harris ..................................................... 3 /9 3 /11 Hungary ........................................ ........ .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 586.00 3 /11 3 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 490.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 490.00 Hon. Charles J. Fleischmann ................................... 3 /9 3 /11 Hungary ............................................... . .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 586.00 3 /11 3 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 490.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 490.00 Steven Steiglder ...................................................... 3 /26 3 /31 Ethiopia ..................................... ........... .................... 1,674.00 .................... 12,288.83 .................... 308.40 .................... 14,271.23 Hon. Kevin Yoder ..................................................... 1 /19 1 /27 Canceled trip—fees ............................ . .................... .................... .................... 140.00 .................... .................... ................... . 140.00 Hon. Henry Cuellar .................................................. 1 /19 1 /27 Canceled trip—fees ............................. .................... .................... .................... 210.00 .................... .................... .................... 210.00 Hon. Steve Womack ................................................. 1 /19 1 /27 Canceled trip—fees ............................. .. .................. .................... .................... 140.00 .................... .................... .................... 14 0.00 Nancy Fox ................................................................ 1 /19 1 /27 Canceled trip—fees ........................ ..... .................... .................... .................... 210.00 .................... .................... ............... ..... 210.00 Shalanda Young ...................................................... 1 /19 1 /27 Canceled trip—fees ............................. .................... .................... .................... 140.00 .................... .................... .................... 140.00 Shannon O’Keefe ..................................................... 1 /19 1 /27 Canceled trip—fees ............................. .................... .................... .................... 210.00 .................... .................... .................... 210.00 Bob Bonner .............................................................. 1 /19 1 /27 Canceled trip—fees ......................... .... .................... .................... .................... 175.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 175.00 Leslie Albright ......................................................... 1 /19 1 /27 Canceled trip—fees ......................... .... .................... .................... .................... 210.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 210.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 12,497.52 .................... 74,245.17 .................... 6,982.78 ................ .... 93,725.47 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN, Chairman, Apr. 27, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Kathy Castor ................................................... 2 /17 3 /02 Cuba ........................................... .......... .................... 1,233.00 .................... 756.31 .................... .................... .................... 1 ,989.31 Robin Colwell ........................................................... 2 /22 3 /01 Spain ...................................... .............. .................... 1,924.34 .................... 1,441.91 .................... 376.00 .................... 3,742.25  David Goldman ........................................................ 2 /24 3 /01 Spain ......................................... ........... .................... 1,670.34 .................... 835.61 .................... .................... .................... 2,505.95 CODEL Walden** ..................................................... 1 /23 1 /24 Australia ....................................... ........ .................... 4,790.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,156.00 .................... 5 ,946.00 1 /25 1 /26 New Zealand ......................................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 75.58 .................... 75.58 1 /27 1 /28 Chile ..................................................... .................... 3,549.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 3,549.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 13,166.68 .................... 3,033.83 .................... 1,607.58 ................. ... 17,808.09 
** Expenses shown are cancellation fees from CODEL Walden being canceled due to the government shutdown on January 19, 2018. 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. GREG WALDEN, Chairman, Apr. 19, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Ruben Kihuen .................................................. 2 /18 2 /20 Perth, Australia ................................ .... .................... 876.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 876.00 2 /20 2 /22 Melbourne, Australia ............................ .................... 764.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 764.00 2 /22 2 /25 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 1,493.00 .................... 7,922.80 ..... ............... .................... .................... 9,415.80 Hon. Alexander Mooney ............................................ 3 /9 3 /11 Hungary ............................................ .... .................... 608.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 608.00 3 /11 3 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 490.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 490.00 Hon. French Hill ....................................................... 3 /9 3 /11 Hungary ...................................... .......... .................... 586.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 586.00 3 /11 3 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 490.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 490.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 5,307.00 .................... 7,922.80 .................... .................... ....... ............. 13,229.80 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.027 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3778 May 7, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. GREGG HARPER, Chairman, Apr. 18, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Rob Bishop ...................................................... 2 /18 2 /22 Australia ..................................... .......... .................... 1,640.00 .................... 17,375.64 .................... .................... .................. .. 19,015.64 Hon. Amata Radewagen .......................................... 2 /18 2 /22 Australia ............................................ ... .................... 1,640.00 .................... 17,480.64 .................... .................... .................... 19,12 0.64 Hon. Jenniffer Gonza´lez-Colo´n ................................. 2 /18 2 /22 Australia ............................................... .................... 1,640 .00 .................... 21,567.14 .................... .................... .................... 23,207.14 Andrew Vecera ......................................................... 2 /18 2 /22 Australia .................................... ........... .................... 1,640.00 .................... 21,582.04 .................... .................... ................. ... 23,222.04 William Ball ............................................................. 2 /18 2 /22 Australia ................................. .............. .................... 1,640.00 .................... 21,567.14 .................... .................... .............. ...... 23,207.14 Adam Stewart .......................................................... 2 /18 2 /22 Australia .................................... ........... .................... 1,640.00 .................... 20,590.14 .................... .................... ................. ... 22,230.14 Hon. Rob Bishop ...................................................... 2 /22 2 /25 New Zealand ................................... ...... .................... 1,493.00 .................... 213.33 .................... 580.24 .................... 2,286.57 Hon. Amata Radewagen .......................................... 2 /22 2 /25 New Zealand ......................................... . ................... 1,493.00 .................... 213.33 .................... 580.24 .................... 2,286.57 Hon. Jenniffer Gonza´lez-Colo´n ................................. 2 /22 2 /25 New Zealand ......................................... .................... 1,493.00 .................... 213.33 .................... 580.24 .................... 2,286.57 Andrew Vecera ......................................................... 2 /22 2 /25 New Zealand .................................. ....... .................... 1,493.00 .................... 213.33 .................... 580.24 .................... 2,286.57 William Ball ............................................................. 2 /22 2 /25 New Zealand ............................... .......... .................... 1,493.00 .................... 213.33 .................... 580.24 .................... 2,286.57 Adam Stewart .......................................................... 2 /22 2 /25 New Zealand .................................. ....... .................... 1,493.00 .................... 213.33 .................... 580.24 .................... 2,286.57 Hon. Amata Radewagen .......................................... 3 /25 3 /25 Palau ................................................ .... .................... 255.96 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 255.96 Hon. Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan ...................... 3 /25 3 /25 Palau .................................................... . ................... 255.96 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 255.96 Hon. Amata Radewagen .......................................... 3 /28 3 /29 Palau ................................................ .... .................... 621.52 .................... 145.88 .................... 436.14 .................... 1,203.54 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 19,931.44 .................... 121,588.60 .................... 3,917.58 ............... ..... 145,437.62 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, Apr. 23, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there are no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicate  and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, Apr. 24, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Shannon Green ........................................................ 1 /24 1 /25 Africa ........................................ ............ .................... 381.00 .................... .................... .................... 5.00 .................... 386 .00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,322.21 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,322.21 Hon. Will Hurd ......................................................... 1 /27 1 /28 North America ............................... ........ .................... 312.00 .................... .................... .................... 2,254.54 .................... 2,5 66.54 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,236.99 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,236.99 Hon. Adam Schiff .................................................... 2 /16 2 /18 Europe ......................................... .......... .................... 866.43 .................... 466.26 .................... 2,307.84 .................... 3,640.53 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,029.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,029.40 Hon. Joaquin Castro ................................................ 2 /18 2 /18 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 866.43 .................... 466.26 .................... 2,307.84 .................... 3,640.53 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 6,624.41 .................... ............. ....... .................... 6,624.41 William Flanigan ..................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Australasia ................................... ........ .................... 863.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 863.00 2 /20 2 /25 Australasia ........................................... .................... 926.74 .................... .............. ...... .................... 38.00 .................... 964.74 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 22,174.51 .................... ............ ........ .................... 22,174.51 Lisa Major ................................................................ 2 /18 2 /20 Australasia .............................. ............. .................... 863.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 863.00 2 /20 2 /25 Australasia ........................................... .................... 926.74 .................... .............. ...... .................... 38.00 .................... 964.74 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 22,174.51 .................... ............ ........ .................... 22,174.51 Cordell A. Hull ......................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Australasia ................................ ........... .................... 863.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 863.00 2 /20 2 /25 Australasia ........................................... .................... 926.74 .................... .............. ...... .................... 38.00 .................... 964.74 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 22,174.51 .................... ............ ........ .................... 22.174.51 Shannon Stuart ....................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Australasia ................................... ........ .................... 913.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 913.00 2 /20 2 /25 Australasia ........................................... .................... 926.74 .................... .............. ...... .................... 38.00 .................... 964.74 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 22,174.51 .................... ............ ........ .................... 22,174.51 Mark Stewart ........................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Australasia ................................. .......... .................... 913.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 913.00 2 /20 2 /25 Australasia ........................................... .................... 926.74 .................... .............. ...... .................... 38.00 .................... 964.74 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 22,174.51 .................... ............ ........ .................... 22,174.51 Wells Bennett .......................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Africa ...................................... .............. .................... 522.81 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 522.81 2 /20 2 /22 Africa .................................................... .................... 642.75 .................... 1,111.66 . ................... .................... .................... 1,754.41 2 /22 2 /24 Africa .................................................... .................... 258.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 800.00 .................... 1,058.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,188.31 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,188.31 Thomas Eager .......................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Africa ....................................... ............. .................... 522.81 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 522.81 2 /20 2 /22 Africa .................................................... .................... 642.75 .................... 1,111.66 . ................... .................... .................... 1,754.41 2 /22 2 /24 Africa .................................................... .................... 258.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 800.00 .................... 1,058.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,578.21 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,578.21 Hon. Denny Heck ..................................................... 2 /18 2 /20 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 1,410.02 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,410.02 2 /21 2 /24 Asia ....................................................... .................... 676.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 33.90 .................... 709.90 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,759.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,579.01 Kris Breaux .............................................................. 2 /18 2 /20 Asia ...................................... ................. .................... 1,410.02 .................... .................... .................... .................... . ................... 1,410.02 2 /21 2 /24 Asia ....................................................... .................... 676.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 33.90 .................... 709.90 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,946.11 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,946.11 Hon. Eric Swalwell ................................................... 2 /18 2 /19 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 698.15 .................... .................... .................... 276.26 .................... 97 4.41 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.027 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3779 May 7, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2 /20 2 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 351.33 .................... ........... ......... .................... 878.12 .................... 1,229.45 2 /21 2 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 172.38 .................... 172.38 2 /22 2 /23 Europe ................................................... .................... 610.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 141.48 .................... 751.47 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 16,519.51 .................... ............ ........ .................... 16,519.51 Linda Cohen ............................................................ 2 /18 2 /19 Europe ...................................... ............. .................... 698.15 .................... .................... .................... 276.23 .................... 974.41 2 /20 2 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 351.33 .................... ........... ......... .................... 878.12 .................... 1,229.45 2 /21 2 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 172.37 .................... 172.37 2 /22 2 /23 Europe ................................................... .................... 610.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 141.48 .................... 751.48 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,060.51 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,060.51 Maher Bitar ............................................................. 2 /18 2 /19 Europe ..................................... .............. .................... 698.15 .................... .................... .................... 276.25 ................... . 974.40 2 /20 2 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... 351.33 .................... ........... ......... .................... 878.11 .................... 1,229.44 2 /21 2 /21 Europe ................................................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 172.37 .................... 172.37 2 /22 2 /23 Europe ................................................... .................... 610.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 141.47 .................... 751.47 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,057.21 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,057.21 Nicholas A. Ciarlante .............................................. 2 /18 2 /21 Europe .......................................... ......... .................... 928.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 928.41 2 /21 2 /24 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,047.39 .................... ......... ........... .................... 791.22 .................... 1,838.60 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,876.91 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,876.91 Jacqueline Tame ...................................................... 2 /18 2 /21 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 928.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 928.41 2 /21 2 /24 Europe ................................................... .................... 1,047.39 .................... ......... ........... .................... 791.21 .................... 1,838.60 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,876.91 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,876.91 Hon. Mike Turner ..................................................... 2 /21 2 /24 Europe ........................................ ........... .................... 1,102.67 .................... .................... .................... 791.21 .................... 1,893.88 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 964.51 .................... ............... ..... .................... 964.51 Douglas Presley ....................................................... 2 /19 2 /21 Asia ......................................... .............. .................... 709.92 .................... .................... .................... 113.49 ................... . 823.41 2 /21 2 /23 Asia ....................................................... .................... 551.70 .................... ......... ........... .................... 46.30 .................... 598.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,121.71 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,121.71 Chelsey Campbell .................................................... 2 /19 2 /21 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 709.92 .................... .................... .................... 113.49 .................... 8 23.41 2 /21 2 /23 Asia ....................................................... .................... 551.70 .................... ......... ........... .................... 46.30 .................... 598.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,121.71 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,121.71 Shannon Green ........................................................ 2 /20 2 /22 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 1,014.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,014.60 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,472.81 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,472.81 Hon. Chris Stewart .................................................. 2 /21 2 /24 Africa ......................................... ........... .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... 29.50 .................... 425 .50 2 /24 2 /25 Asia ....................................................... .................... 613.65 .................... ......... ........... .................... 119.34 .................... 733.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,914.61 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,914.61 Angel Smith ............................................................. 2 /21 2 /24 Africa ..................................... ............... .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... 29.50 ................... . 425.50 2 /24 2 /25 Asia ....................................................... .................... 613.65 .................... ......... ........... .................... 119.35 .................... 733.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,187.91 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,187.91 Steve Keith .............................................................. 2 /21 2 /24 Africa .................................... ................ .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... 29.50 .................. .. 425.50 2 /24 2 /25 Asia ....................................................... .................... 613.65 .................... ......... ........... .................... 119.35 .................... 733.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,255.71 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,255.71 
Kash Patel ............................................................... 2 /21 2 /24 Africa .................................... ................ .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... 29.50 .................. .. 425.50 2 /24 2 /25 Asia ....................................................... .................... 613.65 .................... ......... ........... .................... 119.35 .................... 732.99 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,255.71 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,255.71 Hon. Will Hurd ......................................................... 3 /02 3 /05 North America ............................... ........ .................... 781.00 .................... .................... .................... 696.71 .................... 1,477 .71 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 746.38 .................... ............... ..... .................... 746.38 Hon. Frank LoBiondo ............................................... 3 /24 3 /26 Asia ............................................. .......... .................... 1,422.00 .................... .................... .................... 495.27 .................... 1 ,917.27 3 /27 3 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,071.27 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,071.27 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,979.61 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,979.61 George Pappas ........................................................ 3 /24 3 /26 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 1,422.00 .................... .................... .................... 495.27 .................. .. 1,917.27 3 /27 3 /30 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,071.27 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,071.27 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,260.61 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,260.61 Hon. Rick Crawford ................................................. 3 /27 3 /30 Asia ............................................ ........... .................... 1,071.27 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,071.27 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,910.31 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,910.31 William Flanigan ..................................................... 3 /25 3 /27 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 1,191.75 .................... .................... .................... 437.97 .................. .. 1,629.72 3 /27 3 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 714.18 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 714.18 3 /29 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 572.98 .................... ......... ........... .................... 59.11 .................... 632.09 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,510.91 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,510.91 Cordell A. Hull ......................................................... 3 /25 3 /27 Asia ....................................... ................ .................... 1,191.75 .................... .................... .................... 437.97 ............... ..... 1,629.72 3 /27 3 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 714.18 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 714.18 3 /29 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 578.11 .................... ......... ........... .................... 59.10 .................... 637.21 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,510.91 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,510.91 Shannon Stuart ....................................................... 3 /25 3 /27 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 1,191.75 .................... .................... .................... 437.97 .................. .. 1,629.72 3 /27 3 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 714.18 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 714.18 3 /29 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 577.11 .................... ......... ........... .................... 59.10 .................... 637.21 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,510.91 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,510.91 Lisa Major ................................................................ 3 /25 3 /27 Asia ..................................... .................. .................... 1,191.75 .................... .................... .................... 437.97 ............. ....... 1,629.72 3 /27 3 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 714.18 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 714.18 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,350.21 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,350.21 Allen Souza .............................................................. 3 /25 3 /27 Africa .................................... ................ .................... 546.00 .................... .................... .................... 49.57 .................. .. 595.57 3 /27 3 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,180.00 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,180.00 3 /29 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 710.81 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 710.81 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,896.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,896.82 Andrew House .......................................................... 3 /25 3 /27 Asia ......................................... .............. .................... 546.00 .................... .................... .................... 49.57 .................... 595.57 3 /27 3 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,180.00 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,180.00 3 /29 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 710.81 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 710.81 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,896.52 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,896.52 Kash Patel ............................................................... 3 /25 3 /27 Asia ...................................... ................. .................... 546.00 .................... .................... .................... 49.56 ................. ... 595.56 3 /27 3 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,180.00 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,180.00 3 /29 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 710.81 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 710.81 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,896.82 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,896.82 Marissa Skaggs ....................................................... 3 /25 3 /27 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 546.00 .................... .................... .................... 49.56 .................... 5 95.56 3 /27 3 /29 Asia ....................................................... .................... 1,180.00 .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... 1,180.00 3 /29 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 710.81 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 710.81 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,896.52 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,896.52 Hon. Adam Schiff .................................................... 3 /26 3 /27 Asia ........................................... ............ .................... 1,560.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,665.55 ................. ... 3,225.55 3 /28 3 /28 Asia ....................................................... .................... 28.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 28.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 5,862.90 .................... ............. ....... .................... 5,862.90 Hon. Jackie Speier ................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Asia .......................................... ............. .................... 1,078.00 .................... 396.66 .................... .................... .................. .. 1,474.66 3 /30 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 472.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 318.83 .................... 790.83 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,774.41 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,774.41 Tim Bergreen ........................................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Asia ........................................ ............... .................... 1,078.00 .................... 396.66 .................... .................... ................ .... 1,474.66 3 /30 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 472.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 318.82 .................... 790.82 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,728.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,728.01 Amanda Rogers Thorpe ........................................... 3 /28 3 /30 Asia ................................................ ....... .................... 1,078.00 .................... 396.66 .................... .................... .................... 1,47 4.66 3 /30 3 /31 Asia ....................................................... .................... 472.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... 318.82 .................... 790.82 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,728.01 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,728.01 
Committee total ....................................................... ............. ................. ........................... .................................... .................... 68,279.84 .................... 509,868.61 .................... 22,863.01 .................... 601,011.46 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. DEVIN NUNES, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.027 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3780 May 7, 2018 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4714. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Promotion and Economics Division, Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Mar-keting Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Honey Packers and Importers Research, Pro-motion, Consumer Education and Informa-tion Order; Change in Producer Eligibility Requirements and Implementation of Changes for Past Due Assessments [Docu-ment Number: AMS-SC-16-0124] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4715. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cranberries Grown in States of Mas-sachusetts, et al.; Free and Restricted Per-centages for the 2017-18 Crop Year for Cran-berries [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0061; SC17-929-2 FR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 4716. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Services, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Subpart Nomenclature Change; Technical Amendment [Doc. No.: AMS-SC- 17-0083; SC18-915-I FR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 4717. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Services, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in the Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS- SC-17-0037; SC17-906-1 FR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4718. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Services, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oranges, Grapefruit, Tangerines, and Pummelos Grown in Florida; Change in Size Requirements for Oranges [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0064; SC17-905-2 FIR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4719. A letter from the Secretary, Navy, Department of Defense, transmitting a re-port of increases in the Program Acquisition Unit Cost (PAUC) and Average Procurement Unit Cost (APUC) for the Integrated Defen-sive Electronic Countermeasures (IDECM) Block 2/3 subprogram that exceeds the cur-rent baseline estimate by at least 25 percent, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2433(d)(3); Public Law 97-252, Sec. 1107(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 110-417, Sec. 811(c)); (122 Stat. 4522); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4720. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations; Leelanau County, Michigan (All Jurisdic-tions) [Docket ID FEMA-2018-0002] received May 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4721. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting a renewed determination that a pub-lic health emergency exists nationwide as a result of the consequences of the opioid cri-sis, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 4722. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Diversion Control Division, DEA, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s final order — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Placement of Bu-tyryl Fentanyl and U-47700 Into Schedule I [Docket No.: DEA-478] received May 3, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4723. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s issuance of regulatory guide — Evaluating Deviations and Reporting Defects and Non-compliance Under 10 CFR Part 21 [Regu-latory Guide 1.234, Revision 0] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4724. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s issuance of regulatory guide — Guidance for Developing Principal Design Criteria for Non-Light-Water Reactors [Regulatory Guide 1.232, Revision 0] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4725. A letter from the Acting White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmit-ting a notification of a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4726. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4727. A letter from the Human Resources Management Division, Office of Administra-tion and Resources Management, Environ-mental Protection Agency, transmitting six-teen (16) notifications designation of acting officer, nomination, action on nomination, change in previously submitted reported in-formation, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-lic Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4728. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s small entity compli-ance guide — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion: Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-98 [Docket No.: FAR 2018-0001, Sequence No. 2] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4729. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation: Liquidated Damages Rate Adjustment [FAC 2005-98; FAR Case 2017-004; Item III; Docket No.: 2017-0004, Se-quence No. 1] (RIN: 9000-AN37) received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4730. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation: Audit of Settlement Proposals [FAC 2005-98; FAR Case 2015-039; Item IV; Docket No.: 2015-0039; Sequence No. 1] (RIN: 9000-AN26) received May 2, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4731. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation: Duties of Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utiliza-tion [FAC 2005-98; FAR Case 2017-008; Item II; Docket No.: 2017-0008; Sequence No. 1] (RIN: 9000-AN36) received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4732. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Federal Acquisition Regulation: Task- and Delivery- Order Protests [FAC 2005-98; FAR Case 2017- 007; Item I; Docket No.: 2017-0007; Sequence No. 1] (RIN: 9000-AN41) received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4733. A letter from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisition Policy, Gen-eral Services Administration, transmitting the Administration’s summary presentation of final rules — Federal Acquisition Regula-tion: Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-98; In-troduction [Docket No.: FAR 2018-0001, Se-quence No. 2] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4734. A letter from the Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Weather and Safety Leave (RIN: 3206-AN49) received May 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4735. A letter from the Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Weather and Safety Leave (RIN: 3206-AN49) received May 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4736. A letter from the Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Federal Employees Health Benefits Program Flexibilities (RIN: 3206- AN54) received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4737. A letter from the Senior Manager, Equal Opportunity Compliance, Tennessee Valley Authority, transmitting the Authority’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4738. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone for Fireworks Display; Patapsco River, Inner Harbor, Baltimore, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0029] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.027 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3781 May 7, 2018 
4739. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Recurring Marine Events, Sector Key West, Florida [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0159] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 4740. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; USS PORTLAND Commissioning, Portland, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0154] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received May 2, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4741. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Security Zones; Port Canaveral Harbor, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0146] (RIN: 1625- AA87) received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4742. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Security Zone; Presidential Se-curity Zone, Palm Beach, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0016] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4743. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Barge PFE-LB444, San Joaquin River, Blackslough Landing, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0205] (RIN: 1625-AA00), pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4738. A bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to provide complaint and burden of proof requirements for certain actions for breach of fiduciary duty (Rept. 115–662, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4785. A bill to prohibit the consolidated audit trail from accepting per-sonally identifying information, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–663). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 872. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5645) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commis-sion Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with re-spect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such author-ity; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2152) to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the Department of Justice, which use such funds for pretrial services programs, to submit to the Attorney General a report relating to such program, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 57) providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’ (Rept. 115–664). Referred to the House Cal-endar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4738 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 5677. A bill to revise and improve au-thorities relating to international security assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. K
IND, and Ms. S EWELL of Ala-bama): H.R. 5678. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of rural emergency medical center services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 5679. A bill to require the Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to establish a pilot program for Jobs Plus Recovery pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BACON: H.R. 5680. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of the Taiwan Defense Assessment Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California): H.R. 5681. A bill to amend the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 to clarify certain responsibilities of the Global Engagement Center of the Depart-ment of State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Ms. B
ASS): H.R. 5682. A bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana (for himself and Mr. MOULTON ): H.R. 5683. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to report biennially on ac-tions taken to address areas of concern that led to the inclusion of veterans health care in the High Risk List of the Government Ac-countability Office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5684. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand eligibility for medication therapy management programs established under part D of the Medicare pro-gram to include certain individuals who are at risk for prescription drug abuse; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FASO (for himself, Mr. R
ENACCI , and Mr. W ELCH ): H.R. 5685. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide educational resources regarding opioid use and pain man-agement as part of the Medicare & You hand-book; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. L
AMB): H.R. 5686. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require prescription drug plans under Medicare part D to include information on the adverse effects of opioid overutilization and of coverage of non-pharmacological therapies and nonopioid medications or devices used to treat pain; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and Mr. B UDD): H.R. 5687. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require im-proved packaging and disposal methods with respect to certain drugs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 5688. A bill to amend the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1990 relating to the operation and maintenance of navigation facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 5689. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to provide for the inclusion of the names of the crew members of the USS Frank E. Evans killed on June 3, 1969 on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. M
CNERNEY ): H.R. 5690. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to prohibit the taking for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07MY7.000 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3782 May 7, 2018 
a trophy of any endangered or threatened species of fish or wildlife in the United States and the importation of endangered and threatened species trophies into the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5691. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a program to provide grants to carry out projects to re-duce railway noise levels that adversely im-pact schools located in urbanized areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5692. A bill to require financial insti-tutions to deposit the principal amount of any unclaimed deposit held by such institu-tions into interest or dividend-bearing ac-counts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 5693. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live inde-pendently; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. S
TIVERS ): H.R. 5694. A bill to amend the Afghan Al-lies Protection Act of 2009; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. W
ALBERG , and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 5695. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to annually no-tify health care providers regarding per-mitted disclosures under Federal health care privacy law during emergencies, including overdoses, of certain health information to families, caregivers, and health care pro-viders; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5696. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to carry out a nutrition edu-cation program to inform the public of the sources of exposure to lead in the environ-ment and of dietary nutrients that may re-duce the harmful effects lead exposure has on health; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida): H. Res. 871. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of June 2, 2018, through June 10, 2018, as National Fish-ing and Boating Week; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H. Res. 873. A resolution providing for con-sideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 129) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’; to the Com-mittee on Rules. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. S UOZZI , and Mr. E
NGEL ): H. Res. 874. A resolution honoring Daniel Joseph ‘‘Rusty’’ Staub for excellence in his career as a professional baseball player and for his entrepreneurship, humanitarian work, and philanthropy, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself and Mr. CHABOT ): H. Res. 875. A resolution recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expres-sion around the world and reaffirming free-dom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to pro-mote democracy and good governance; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 5677. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution, in-cluding Clause 18 of that Section. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5678. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 5679. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution By Mr. BACON: H.R. 5680. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to . . . make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 5681. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 5682. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18. By Mr. BANKS of Indiana: H.R. 5683. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5684. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. FASO: H.R. 5685. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 5686. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 5687. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 5688. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 5689. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 5690. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5691. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ By Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5692. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the U.S. Constitution, which provide as fol-lows: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; [. . .]—And To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 5693. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 5694. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4, ‘‘To establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and uni-form laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States’’ By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 5695. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 5696. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07MY7.100 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3783 May 7, 2018 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 35: Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 113: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 173: Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B
ABIN, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. B LUM, Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 398: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 411: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 444: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 667: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 750: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 756: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 846: Ms. H
ANABUSA and Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 859: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 913: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 930: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 936: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 959: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1017: Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1027: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 1038: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1057: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1318: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 1406: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 1445: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1473: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1563: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 1566: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 1680: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1762: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 1820: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1828: Miss R
ICEof New York and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1832: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1881: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 1949: Mr. C
RIST and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 2147: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 2556: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. K
HANNA , and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 2583: Mr. S
IRES and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2598: Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. M CEACHIN , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2669: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2797: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 2871: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 2913: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 2916: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 2938: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 3032: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3236: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3239: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 3305: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 3314: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3330: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 3361: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 3409: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H.R. 3558: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3596: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 3626: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 3635: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 3730: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 3738: Mr. K
IHUEN and Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER . H.R. 3742: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 3773: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3792: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 3832: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 3956: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3976: Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. F ASO, Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4030: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4057: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4099: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. H.R. 4111: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4143: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 4144: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4186: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 4238: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 4265: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 4548: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 4575: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. H
ANDEL , and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 4657: Mr. F
OSTER and Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN . H.R. 4722: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4846: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 4849: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 4850: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 4881: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4944: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4945: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4958: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 4962: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 5041: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 5065: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 5105: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 5115: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5121: Mr. H
ECK, Mr. C ARTER of Geor- gia, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mrs. B
LACK , and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 5136: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 5141: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L
ONG, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. N UNES , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M
ARSHALL , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C URTIS , and Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 5153: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. J
ORDAN , and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 5160: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 5197: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 5199: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER . H.R. 5200: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 5210: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 5233: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5251: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5280: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C ONAWAY , Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. F LO-
RES, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. B URGESS , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. T HORN -
BERRY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. V ELA, Mr. C
ULBERSON , and Mr. H URD. H.R. 5343: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. C RAWFORD , and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 5358: Mr. S
ANFORD , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. K
ATKO , and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 5383: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 5385: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 5422: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 5459: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 5505: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 5520: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. R
USH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S OTO, Mr. R UTH-
ERFORD , and Mr. L AMB. H.R. 5562: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 5563: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 5564: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 5613: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 5624: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5625: Mr. A
GUILAR and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 5631: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5634: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 5652: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 5673: Mr. C
ORREA . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.J. Res. 53: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.J. Res. 132: Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. P
OSEY , and Mr. H ULTGREN . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H. Con. Res. 20: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 199: Mr. R
OSS. H. Res. 401: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. M
CEACHIN . H. Res. 763: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H. Res. 766: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H. Res. 781: Mrs. L
AWRENCE and Ms. R OSEN . H. Res. 825: Mrs. D
INGELL . H. Res. 835: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn- sylvania, Mr. B
UDD, Mr. K INGof New York, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H. Res. 848: Mrs. D
INGELL . H. Res. 860: Mr. M
EEKS . H. Res. 861: Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. G
AETZ , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 864: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H. Res. 870: Mr. G
AETZ and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.031 H07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3784 May 7, 2018 
OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 5645, the ‘‘Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2018,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Chairman G
OODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 5645, the ‘‘Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2018,’’ does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1742: Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 3671: Mr. P
OLIS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:19 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY7.033 H07MYPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2505 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MAY 7, 2018 No. 73 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. O Lord, our God, You rule the raging of the sea. You are the giver of our lives, and we belong to You. Sustain our lawmakers with Your everlasting arms. Direct their actions as they seek to glorify You. Lord, surround them with Your gracious favor so they may more fully serve You faithfully. De-liver them from discord and disunity through the power of Your prevailing providence. And, Lord, we thank You for the life, contributions, and legacy of our Assist-ant Parliamentarian, Michael Phillip Beaver. Sustain his loved ones and friends during this season of grief. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
REMEMBERING MICHAEL BEAVER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to pay respects to a member of the Senate family who tragically passed away last week. Michael Beaver was a talented attorney who served as the Senate’s Assistant Parliamen-tarian. That followed service as deputy legislative counsel for the State of California. Michael was just 39 years old. He leaves behind his wife, Gilda, his two beloved sons, Bradley and Connor, his parents, and an extended family that mourns his loss. They are joined by Mi-chael’s colleagues here on the Senate staff, in the Secretary’s office, and with the floor staff on both sides of the aisle and throughout our whole institu-tion. The Senate’s prayers are with all of Michael’s family and friends at this immensely difficult hour. f 
NOMINATION OF KURT ENGELHARDT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on a totally different matter, this week the Senate will consider another slate of extremely well-qualified nominees for seats on the Federal bench. A thoughtful, independent, and expert ju-diciary is a cornerstone of our con-stitutional order. It has been the case since the very beginning of our coun-try. Accordingly, the six circuit court nominees we will now consider have ex-cellent reputations in the legal field and have demonstrated they under-stand the proper role of Federal judges in our government. First up is Kurt Engelhardt, of Lou-isiana, the President’s choice to serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The Senate previously confirmed Judge Engelhardt by voice vote to the Fed-eral trial bench in the Eastern District of Louisiana. Since then, he has only strengthened his reputation for fair-ness and thoughtfulness. In the latest edition of the Almanac of the Federal Judiciary, his legal peers describe him as ‘‘very conscien-tious’’ and ‘‘fair and independent mind-ed.’’ The American Bar Association agrees. It awarded Judge Engelhardt its highest possible rating of ‘‘unani-mously well qualified.’’ I urge every one of our colleagues to join me in vot-ing to advance Judge Engelhardt’s nomination later this afternoon. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, in storefront windows across America, new signs are going up—signs that many communities haven’t seen literally in years. Here is what the signs say: ‘‘Now Hiring.’’ Just 16 months into the Trump administra-tion and this Republican Congress, the percentage of American workers who are unemployed, underemployed, or have given up finding a job is already smaller than it ever was in any of the Obama years. In fact, it hasn’t been this low since 2001. Let me say that again. Less unemployment, under-employment, and discouragement today than at any point in the last 17 years. Or we can look at how many Americans are receiving unemploy-ment benefits. The answer is this: fewer today than at any time since— listen to this—1973. We all know that these economic in-dicators can be noisy, but the big over-all shift from the Obama era is impos-sible to deny. Republican policies have taken Washington’s foot off the brake of the U.S. economy. We have rolled back a host of job-killing regulations. We have passed historic tax reform for middle-class families and job creators. These Republican policies have helped to unleash a dynamic, growing econ-omy that is producing many more new jobs. It is putting the stagnation of the last decade literally to shame. That means sidelined workers get the chance to check back into the game. It means renewal is coming to so many small towns, small cities, and rural areas that had to sit and watch as Demo-cratic policies funneled nearly all of the new wealth and new jobs into our Nation’s biggest and bluest urban areas. It means higher wages, as local businesses are forced to compete again for the best workers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.000 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2506 May 7, 2018 
I recently read about a man named Chandler Steffy. He owns a roofing company in Iowa. Three years ago, in the Obama economy, his laborers earned less than $15 an hour. Today is a different story. The unemployment rate in Iowa is under 3 percent, and Mr. Steffy pays $25 per hour to attract the best talent. American small businesses are doing well and outbidding each other for American workers. It feels good; doesn’t it? After 10 years of Democratic policies, this had practically become a foreign concept. Not anymore—it is a new day. There is more business for job creators, which means good jobs that need fill-ing, which leads to higher pay for workers. This is happening all over our country. Rich Obermark owns a small con-tracting business in Paducah, KY. They retrofit electrical systems, A/V equipment, and gas piping. He wrote me to explain: ‘‘For our small com-pany, the tax cuts will mean [we’ll] be able to afford more trucks and tools.’’ Tax reform, he said, ‘‘will allow us to invest back into our company, which will in turn allow us to hire more peo-ple.’’ There is more business, more invest-ment, more job openings, and higher pay for workers as a consequence. After 8 years of Democratic policies, this sure is a sight for sore eyes, and this is only the beginning. These are only the early returns from Repub-licans’ pro-opportunity, pro-worker agenda. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING MICHAEL BEAVER Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, we re-cently received some terribly bad news. Michael Beaver, the Assistant Parlia-mentarian of the Senate, passed away unexpectedly last week. His death at the young age of 39 is shocking in its suddenness and tragic for the family, friends, and coworkers he left behind. Michael was incredibly bright, unfailingly honest, had a quick wit and a dry sense of humor. I know that as an Assistant Parliamentarian he was a member of a small but crucial team of behind-the-scenes staffers without whom the Senate couldn’t function. Our thoughts are with his family today, especially his wife, Gilda, and his two young boys, who will remember him as a loving and devoted father. In the words of Scripture, ‘‘Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted.’’ f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on an-other matter, as the Senate returns to work after the recess, we are scheduled to process six circuit court judges over the next few weeks. Some of these judges are noncontroversial and have received support from their home State Democratic Senators, and we will work with the majority to confirm them. But Michael Brennan, second in line this week, will receive a cloture vote on the floor of the Senate even though one of his home State Senators, Ms. B
ALDWIN , has not returned a blue slip for his nomination. When hearing the facts, they are ap-palling—not just his ideology, although Mr. Brennan is a very conservative nominee who failed to earn the rec-ommendation of a functioning bipar-tisan commission that was set up by both Senator B
ALDWIN , a Democrat, and Senator J
OHNSON , a Republican, to recommend Federal judicial nominees. That is how people want us to do things, in a bipartisan way. I was able to work out judge nominations in a bi-partisan way in the Senate when we had a Republican President, a Repub-lican Governor, but that was overrun. This is now the second time that Chair-man G
RASSLEY has ignored the blue- slip tradition in this Congress, but the part that really burns me and I think many others who are fair-minded in the Senate and this country is the fact that the seat that Mr. Brennan would fill on the Seventh Circuit was held open for 6 years—6 years—via blue slips. Senator J
OHNSON did not turn in a blue slip, and the seat stayed vacant. Now that we have a Republican President, Senator B
ALDWIN ’s blue slip is being ignored. What a double stand-ard; what hypocrisy. When people ask whether we are being obstructionist, let the shoe fit as to what happened to this seat on the Seventh Circuit. It was historic obstruction, yet Senator L
EAHY faithfully observed the blue-slip tradition and kept the circuit seat va-cant for 6 years. Listen to this. During those 6 years, none other than Mr. Brennan himself, the nominee, wrote an op-ed defending Senator J
OHNSON ’s right to refuse to return a blue slip to the Seventh Cir-cuit vacancy. Of course, irony of iro-nies, it is now Mr. Brennan who is up for confirmation over the objection of one of his home State Senators. Where is the defense of senatorial courtesy today? Making matters worse is the fact that the far right is pushing very con-servative nominees, way out of the mainstream, and the pressure on my friend—and he is my friend, the Repub-lican leader—to ignore all of the tradi-tions, the blue slip above all, and cre-ate this double standard is really gall-ing. On Wednesday of this week, the Judi-ciary Committee will hold a hearing on Ryan Bounds. He is also a nominee for a circuit court, this one the Ninth Cir-cuit in Oregon. He has not received a blue slip from either Senator WYDEN or Senator M
ERKLEY . This will be the first time the Judiciary Chairman has al-lowed a nominee who lacks the support of both home State Senators to pro-ceed, and it will be the third time this Congress that Chairman G
RASSLEY — who showed himself to be a statesman when he moved the bipartisan bill on the special counsel last week, but in this case, there is no statesmanship showing—has ignored the century-old blue-slip tradition. When Democrats held the majority, we respected the blue-slip tradition, not because it was some esoteric cus-tom but because blue slips are a way to force consultation and consensus on ju-dicial nominees. You don’t get many nominees with a blue slip, far right or far left. Those judges tend to want to make the law, not interpret it. We want all our nominees, whether they are nominated by a Republican or Democratic President, to be qualified and to have demonstrated excellence in their careers. Blue slips were a way to encourage the Senate to come together around qualified nominees. I assume that is why 41 Republican Senators a few years back, in 2009, wrote to Presi-dent Obama to say that ‘‘we, as a Con-ference, expect [senatorial courtesy to the blue slip tradition] to be observed, even-handedly and regardless of party affiliation.’’ Let me read that again. This is what Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator G
RASSLEY signed: ‘‘[W]e, as a Con-ference, expect [senatorial courtesy to the blue slip tradition] to be observed, even-handedly and regardless of party affiliation.’’ Majority Leader M
CCONNELL and Chairman G
RASSLEY both signed that letter. Today they are singing a dif-ferent tune. So while we want to work with our Republican colleagues to con-firm nominees expeditiously, we are very disappointed in the way they have trampled the blue-slip tradition. When my colleagues come to me and say: What about comity and what about working together? It goes both ways. It goes both ways. This is appall-ing. It is unfair, it is wrong, and it is another degradation of how the Senate has always functioned. 
f 
HEALTHCARE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on the subject of healthcare, last week, insur-ance companies in the State of Vir-ginia announced that health insurance premiums would be much higher this coming year. More than 100,000 Vir-ginians who rely on these plans are staring at a proposed 2019 premium that will be 15 percent or 27 percent or 64 percent higher, depending on which insurer they use. In filing their rates, the health insurers are pointing to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.001 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2507 May 7, 2018 
actions of the Trump administration and congressional Republicans as major reasons for the premium in-creases. The Trump administration and our Republican friends in Congress are the reason these premiums are going up, according to insurers. They suggest that is one of the reasons. Remember, President Trump can-celed payments for the cost-sharing program, which reduces premiums and out-of-pocket expenses for low-income Americans. Republicans in Congress re-pealed the healthcare coverage require-ment, which the CBO itself predicted would raise premiums by 10 percent more each year than they would other-wise be and result in millions more people without insurance. Sometimes our Republican col-leagues make a mistake and speak the truth and admit that they are to blame in good part for these premium in-creases. Former HHS Secretary Tom Price said he ‘‘believes that [repealing the individual mandate] actually will harm the pool in the exchange market, and consequently, that drives up the cost for other folks.’’ This is not C
HUCK SCHUMER , a Demo-crat; this is the Republican former Congressman, the Republican-ap-pointed HHS Secretary saying that Re-publican acts are causing premiums to go up. The sabotage doesn’t end there. As we speak, the Trump administration is finalizing a rule that would expand the availability of junk insurance plans that would force higher premiums on people with preexisting conditions, im-pose an ‘‘age tax’’ on older Americans, and once again could subject Ameri-cans to the devastating effects of med-ical bankruptcy. Make no mistake, all of this sabotage by Republicans has consequences. TrumpCare is already heralding dou-ble-digit premium increases in States across the country. The rates in Vir-ginia are bad, and the rates in Mary-land may be worse. Maryland insurance companies are announcing 2019 rates today, and one PPO plan is asking for a 91-percent increase—91 percent. For the sake of a political vendetta— again, the hard right: Repeal ObamaCare; show it doesn’t work—Re-publicans are taking it out on millions of American families by making the rates higher to prove a political point so that Donald Trump can do a few more tweets. It is not going to stick. It is not going to work. The American people know who is in charge. The Re-publicans have the Presidency, the House, and the Senate. The buck stops there when the rates go up. President Trump and Republicans promised Americans a better, cheaper healthcare system. Remember, Presi-dent Trump said that he is going to ‘‘take care of everybody’’—those are his words—and deliver ‘‘healthcare that is far less expensive and far bet-ter.’’ President Trump simply has not delivered. President Trump talked and talked and talked about making healthcare better and cheaper as he ran and while he has been President, but in every respect he has failed to deliver. In every respect he has made the prob-lem worse. Simply put, President Trump has dropped the ball on healthcare, and the public knows it. f 
REPUBLICAN TAX BILL Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, fi-nally, a word on the Republican tax bill. From the very beginning of our de-bate on taxes, Republicans insisted that their bill was about helping the American worker, even though the GOP tax bill directs 83 percent of its benefits to the top 1 percent. President Trump and the Republicans said it would be ‘‘a middle class miracle.’’ Their theory was to give the big cor-porations and the wealthy a massive tax cut, and the benefits would trickle down to everyone else, even though that theory has been debunked over and over and over again. Still, Presi-dent Trump repeatedly promised that workers would see a raise of $4,000 or more as a result of the Republican tax bill. I would like to ask most Americans if they have gotten the $4,000 raise as the White House promised because, accord-ing to the April jobs report, hourly earnings have not increased signifi-cantly and are actually up just 2.6 per-cent over the past 12 months. Last month, average hourly earnings in-creased by just 4 cents—hardly $4,000. No matter how you look at it, the Re-publican tax bill has failed to deliver anywhere close to the wage growth that was promised. The harsh fact is that corporations aren’t using the bulk of their tax sav-ings to boost worker pay or provide ad-ditional benefits or hire more workers or buy more equipment. They are using the predominance of tax savings on something called stock buybacks. The CEO says: Let’s buy back the stock. His shares go up. The shareholders’ shares go up. The American worker is left holding the bag. According to a recent analysis by JUST Capital, only 6 percent of the capital allocated by companies on the tax bill savings has gone to employees, while nearly 60 percent—10 times as much—has gone to shareholders. More than $390 billion has been authorized this year on corporate buybacks, some-thing we used to prohibit or make very difficult, while only $6.7 billion has been spent on one-time bonuses and wage hikes. There is another Republican truth teller who is now getting pommeled a little, but I respect him—Senator M
ARCO RUBIO. Here is what he had to say last week: 
There is still a lot of thinking on the right that if big corporations are happy, they’re going to take the money they’re saving and reinvest it in American workers. In fact— 
These are his words. They sound like mine. In fact they bought back shares, a few gave out bonuses; there’s no evidence whatsoever that the money’s been massively poured back into the American worker. 
Let me repeat that. This is M ARCO  R
UBIO, a Republican from Florida, who said: ‘‘[T]here’s no evidence whatsoever that the money’s been massively poured back into the American work-er.’’ I couldn’t have said it better myself. President Trump and the Republicans promised a middle-class miracle, with tremendous raises for workers, but they once again haven’t delivered. In-stead, the American people have been saddled with higher deficits and a larg-er debt, while corporations reward wealthy executives and shareholders. Even Republican Senators are starting to admit it. So I have heard some commentators say: Well, maybe the public says that we don’t like the President’s tweeting, we don’t like that he changes his story, we don’t like prevaricating, but at least he is delivering. Not with the tax bill, where so much of the wealth is going to the top; not on healthcare, where premiums are going up. The American people will have the right to protest come Novem-ber, which I believe they will. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read the nomination of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, one of the items on our to-do list is con-tinuing to confirm the President’s nominees, which have faced an unprec-edented level of obstruction and down-right foot-dragging. It is maddening to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.003 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2508 May 7, 2018 
see our Democratic colleagues insist-ing that we go through all the motions and the time limits set out in the rules, when nominees are confirmed 99 to 1 or 100 to 0. In other words, these are not controversial nominees, in many cases, and there is simply no rea-son to drag their feet and to prevent the Senate from doing other important work, including confirming more nomi-nees. 
NOMINATION OF GINA HASPEL  
We will certainly be revisiting that issue more in the coming days, but one of the important positions we are going to be taking up this week is Gina Haspel, who has been nominated to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Her confirmation hearing will be before the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee this Wednesday. I will proudly support her to be the first female CIA Director in our Nation’s history—cer-tainly not for that reason alone but be-cause she is an outstanding nominee. I hope our colleagues and their ideo-logical soulmates across the aisle will cease and desist from untruthful at-tacks on this talented, well-respected woman who is much revered by her fel-low professionals in the intelligence community. I still have a hard time accepting the treatment that Dr. Jackson received before he was even allowed to defend himself against the accusations made against him during his nomination process for head of the Veterans’ Ad-ministration. I think, when people re-alize their reputation that they worked all their lives to achieve is subject to being torn down by reckless and un-truthful attacks, it discourages good people from wanting to serve in the U.S. Government. That is our loss and not just theirs. I think it is important for the coun-try’s women to see someone like Ms. Haspel leading an agency as vital to our national security as the CIA. Women everywhere will be watching this week, and Democrats should show them that ambition, good character, and hard work are always welcome and rewarded in the upper echelons of the U.S. Government. The CIA is not a partisan agency, but some partisans are endangering our na-tional security to treat it as such when they oppose Ms. Haspel’s nomination largely on ideological grounds, with scant attention being paid to the cir-cumstances and the difficult decisions that had to be made immediately fol-lowing the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001. In Ms. Haspel’s case, we have the benefit of the fact that she served not just for a short period of time—not just in the post-9/11 world—but, literally, for 33 years. We also have the challenge of knowing that a lot of her activities on behalf of the U.S. Government and in defense of our national security were classified. They cannot be publicly dis-closed without risking lives, and, cer-tainly, they cannot disclose the meth-ods and the sources by which that in-formation is obtained for the intel-ligence community so they can then present it to the policymakers here in Washington. We do know Ms. Haspel joined the CIA in 1985, during the final years of the Cold War. She is a career intel-ligence officer and has served more than 30 years, both overseas and here in Washington. She has held various leadership roles, including Deputy Di-rector of the National Clandestine Service. She has worked in the Coun-terterrorism Center, where her first day of work was—you guessed it—Sep-tember 11, 2001, the day the Twin Tow-ers fell, the Pentagon was attacked, and approximately 3,000 Americans lost their lives. Throughout her career, Ms. Haspel has held some of the most demanding assignments in far-off reaches of the globe—places like Africa and the Mid-dle East, which she did not seek out but which she took because she saw them as her duty. That is exactly the kind of person we need leading the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency—someone who sees that as their duty. She has received numerous awards which lend credence to her reputation and illustrate that other accomplished professionals hold her in high regard. These awards include the Presidential Rank Award, the most prestigious award in the Federal civil service. She also received the Intelligence Medal of Merit, and several others. Her integrity and professionalism are beyond question. Those who know her best, including high-ranking Obama- era officials, are behind her 100 percent. For example, former Director of Na-tional Intelligence James Clapper said he ‘‘think[s] the world of [Ms. Haspel]. She is capable, smart, very experi-enced, well respected by the Agency rank and file, and is a great person.’’ Leon Panetta, who was former Chief of Staff to Bill Clinton when he was President, served as CIA Director and then Secretary of Defense, says that he is ‘‘glad that [we’ll] have a first woman as [the] head of [the] CIA’’ and that Ms. Haspel ‘‘knows the CIA inside out.’’ Former CIA Director John Brennan, who also worked under President Obama, has cited her ability to ‘‘pro-vide unvarnished, apolitical, objective intelligence to [President] Trump and to others.’’ Earlier this spring, 53 former senior U.S. officials sent the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence a letter in which they expressed their whole-hearted support of Ms. Haspel. This group includes people like Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger and George Shultz, former Attorney General Mi-chael Mukasey, and many other distin-guished Americans. Now we know, because of what has been reported in the paper by the so- called nameless, faceless sources, that some have sought to distort and twist the historical record regarding the de-cisions that she and other intelligence officials had to make in the post-9/11 world. I just happened to pick up an ac-count. This is called ‘‘Manhunt’’ by Peter Bergen. It is a New York Times best seller. He talks about the 10-year search for Osama bin Laden from 9/11 to Abbottabad. I think he provides use-ful context, talking about what the en-vironment was here in Washington and in this country after the terrible at-tacks of 9/11. He says: The urgency of finding bin Laden was un-derlined when the CIA discovered that he had met with retired Pakistani nuclear sci-entists during the summer of 2001 to discuss the possibility of al Qaeda developing a nu-clear device. General Richard Myers, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs, says that six weeks after 9/11, Bush told a meeting of his National Security Council that bin Laden ‘‘may have a nuclear device’’ big enough to destroy half of Washington. In fact, al Qaeda had nothing of the sort, but in the panicked aftermath of 9/11, such a threat could not be easily discounted. 
Thankfully, while there did not prove to be any credence to the allegation that al-Qaida had potentially acquired a nuclear device that could destroy half of Washington, DC, it just helps us to think back about what the environ-ment was and why it was so important to have professionals like Gina Haspel and others doing their job in accord-ance with the rule of law and trying their best to keep our country safe. One of the most ironic complaints by opponents of this nomination is that they don’t have enough information about Ms. Haspel and say she has hid-den behind a wall of secrecy. Well, for somebody who has been involved as an intelligence officer in some of the most sensitive, secret, classified work on be-half of the U.S. Government for the last 33 years or so, what do they ex-pect? The Agency has done a number of things to try to declassify some infor-mation through the Office of the Direc-tor of National Intelligence in order to give us some flavor and context to her background and her history, but it is ridiculous to expect somebody who has served their whole professional life in the clandestine service to have a public record that we could talk about in an unclassified setting. At least organizations like the New York Times believe that ‘‘Ms. Haspel . . . is a known quantity in the CIA,’’ who ‘‘knows how to run intelligence operations.’’ She is seen in the Agency ‘‘as having loyally followed lawful or-ders’’ during the relevant period of time. The other thing you hear are ques-tions that have been repeated ad nau-seam about some interrogation tactics used in the early days in the War on Terror, when our Nation was bracing itself for additional mass casualty ter-rorist attacks like the one I mentioned that President Bush feared if al-Qaida had gotten its hands on a nuclear de-vice. The fact is, these questions have already been asked and answered and this is another rehash. The program was investigated twice by career lawyers at the Justice De-partment—one under President Bush 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.004 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2509 May 7, 2018 
and the other under President Obama. Those career lawyers, who have no par-tisan gain to make one way or the other, concluded both times that crimi-nal charges were not warranted. Fur-thermore, the Justice Department, under President Obama, and multiple Federal courts have credited the work done overseas and the intelligence gained there as keeping our country safer. I know we often talk about con-necting the dots, but that is what in-telligence operations do frequently. They get discrete pieces of information and try to put it together to paint a picture in order to understand what our adversaries around the world are trying to do. She was part of collecting those dots to create a picture to help inform the policy decisions being made by the President and Members of the Congress. Finally, you will hear people talk about the destruction of videotapes of detainees, but the fact is, the so-called Morrell memo that was recently de-classified provided the sort of trans-parency I think we would all want. It essentially exonerated Ms. Haspel of any wrongdoing regarding her super-visor’s decision in 2005—not her deci-sion—to destroy videotapes of interro-gations. In it, Mr. Morrell says: 
I have found no fault with the performance of Ms. Haspel. I have concluded that she acted appropriately in her role. 
You can’t get much clearer than that. As our colleague, the junior Senator from Arkansas, has said, Haspel did not go rogue or make these policies on the fly. She dutifully executed the ap-proved policy as determined by the De-partment of Justice, and she did so at one of the most dangerous moments in our history. That is precisely what our Nation asked of her, and that is ex-actly what she did. Former CIA National Clandestine Service Director John Bennett has gone further, calling her ‘‘one of the most accomplished officers of her gen-eration,’’ which is high praise indeed. Maybe former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said it best. She said: 
If you were not in a position of authority on September 11th, you have no idea the pressures that we faced to try to make sure that this country wasn’t attacked again. Walk a mile in our shoes and you’ll under-stand some of the things that we’ve dealt with. 
I would ask our colleagues to do just that. Walk a mile in Ms. Haspel’s shoes as an intelligence officer who was sworn to defend the country, to use every lawful means in order to keep our country safe, and to remember 9/11 and the terrifying aftermath was the environment she and other people in the U.S. Government had to operate in with advice from the highest levels of legal advice provided by the Office of Legal Counsel at the Department of Justice. Finally, let me just say what a hor-rible message it would send to other patriots who feel the call to serve to not swiftly confirm Gina Haspel. What a horrible message it would send to other intelligence officers who follow lawful orders and protect our country on a daily basis. It would likely make the CIA more risk averse and, in turn, put more American lives in danger. Based on recent news reports, we know this past week Ms. Haspel even considered withdrawing her name from consideration because she feels such fierce loyalty to the CIA that she doesn’t want any political theater staged during the confirmation hearing to tarnish the Agency’s reputation. That is exactly the type of person she is—putting our Nation’s security and her fellow intelligence officers before her own career advancement. I am glad she has reconsidered, and she is willing to fight the fight and stay to the end and be nominated and confirmed as Di-rector of the CIA. I, for one, am glad Ms. Haspel decided to not back down based on intimidation tactics and un-substantiated rumors and hearsay. We have seen one Trump nominee get unfairly smeared by half-truths and in-nuendo and hearsay, and we can’t let that happen again. Ms. Haspel didn’t ask for this fight, but if that is what it takes to get America the best and most well-quali-fied person to lead the CIA, we are more than willing to wage—and to win—that fight for her and the rest of the country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. PUERTO RICO RECOVERY  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I have just returned from Puerto Rico. I went there at the invitation of Gov-ernor Rossello. I spent time with his Secretary of Housing. I spent time with members of his executive staff. I went up into the mountains to a city named ‘‘Las Piedras,’’ a city of some 30,000 people. According to the mayor, who took me around and showed me a number of the residential neighborhoods, 30 percent of that city does not have electricity. It has been 8 months since the two hurricanes—first Maria and then Irma—hit the island of Puerto Rico, our fellow U.S. citizens. There are still major parts of the island that do not have electricity. In this town of 30,000 people, you go to different locations, and in one par-ticular location farther up in the mountains, there is no electricity. I asked the residents: How are you coping? What do you do? They had a generator, but because of the shortage of fuel and the cost of fuel, they can’t run the generator all the time. Basically, they use it for ne-cessities, such as cooking and other chores during the day. Therefore, they have no refrigeration. I asked: What do you do? They showed me. A fellow had just come from the grocery store down the mountain. Every day, they have to go get their groceries that are perishable and cook them and consume them that day because they do not have refrigera-tion. This is 8 months after the hurri-cane. Can you imagine that happening in any of our States on the mainland? Can you imagine the degree of anger and insistence that there be a full re-covery? Yet this is happening to fellow U.S. citizens on the island of Puerto Rico. They are coping. They are a very in-dustrious and inventive people. As they recover, they are looking at new ways instead of just relying on what in the past has been a dilapidated electrical grid. Tesla has come in. I inspected this pilot project up on top of the mountain. It is an array of solar cells— the most efficient that have been pro-duced—and that array of solar panels is supplying electricity full time to 12 houses up on the mountain. We need more of that. We need more of that as a backup to the electrical grid and in some cases a replacement for the elec-trical grid since it has been so unreli-able in the past. I wanted to bring this report to the Senate. Puerto Rico will make it. Al-though jobs are scarce, although many thousands have fled to the mainland to stay with relatives, although many of those I met—thank goodness FEMA ex-tended the temporary housing assist-ance to get those families through the end of the school year, as their chil-dren would have been uprooted in the middle of final exams and their gradua-tions would have been disrupted had that temporary assistance not been ex-tended through the end of June. Many of them want to go back, but there is no job to go back to, and there is a home that is now completely filled with mold and mildew. So what do they have to return to? I think we will see some number of them make their new life on the mainland. Many of those, of course, have come to my State of Flor-ida. My report to the Senate is that we have to do more. The Army Corps of Engineers has to keep pressing on with rebuilding the electrical grid. We must also go out and try to set up as many alternate electricity projects—like Tesla—as we can, and hopefully we will see some return to normalcy. You would have thought that 8 months after a hurricane, that would have al-ready occurred. It has not, and I am sad to report this to the Senate. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, in a few minutes we are going to be voting on President Trump’s nomination of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.006 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2510 May 7, 2018 
Mr. Kurt Engelhardt to be a judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, and I can’t think of a nominee who is more deserving and more quali-fied for this job. Judge Engelhardt is the chief judge of the U.S. District Court for the East-ern District of Louisiana. He has been on the Federal district court bench for 17 years. If you add up all of the cases he has actually tried to verdict or to judgment, I think it is somewhere in the neighborhood of 75 to 100. That is on top of hundreds—undoubtedly, thou-sands—of motions that he has heard. He is eminently qualified. Yet, rather than recite his resume, I wish to share a personal experience that I had in Judge Engelhardt’s court. A number of years ago, the city of New Orleans sued a major Wall Street investment bank in a dispute over a $171 million bond issue. The bonds are called pension obligation bonds, and it is an extraordinarily complex trans-action. I was called as a witness be-cause, at that point in my life, I was the State treasurer of Louisiana and the chairman of the State bond com-mission, and we had jurisdiction over the bonds when they were issued. I was not exactly sure whether I was a fact witness or an expert witness, and the lawyers fought over that for a while. My point is that I was on the stand for, maybe, 5 hours, 6 hours, and I got to observe a little bit about the case and about Judge Engelhardt. The plaintiffs’ counsel, who rep-resented the city of New Orleans and the firefighters’ pension system, were a handful of the finest lawyers in the State of Louisiana—indeed, I would say, in the country. A partner and number of associates from a major Wall Street law firm represented the Wall Street investment bank. In addi-tion to their lawyers, there were doz-ens of clerks and associates and para-legals, who made it look like Bourbon Street on Saturday night because there were so many people. I remember thinking how many thousands and thousands and thousands of hours these lawyers and paralegals and clerks had spent in understanding this case. One could tell very quickly that both sides—both sets of lawyers—knew this case backward and forward and had al-most memorized the depositions. As a lawyer, it was fun for me to watch as they were going at it hammer and tongs. I mean, they could recite chapter and verse from the legal briefs, from the law books, from the deposi-tions. Yet there was one person in that courtroom, among all of these accom-plished professionals, who knew more about the case than anybody else. He was the presiding judge—Kurt Engelhardt. He had total command of the subject matter. That was not easy, as this was a very complex municipal securities offering. He had total com-mand of the courtroom. With both sets of lawyers being ag-gressive, accomplished litigators, they tested him quite often. That is what good lawyers do. They will push the en-velope. He maintained firm control without ever raising his voice, and I got to watch him in operation for 5 or 6 hours. I had never been in his court-room before, but after watching Judge Engelhardt in operation, I understood why just about every lawyer in Lou-isiana who files a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana hopes that he or she will get Judge Engelhardt for the judge, be-cause he is that good. The only group of lawyers I know who hopes it doesn’t get Judge Engelhardt for a judge in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern Dis-trict of Louisiana is made up of those who are unprepared or who don’t know their cases, because he is not going to tolerate the court’s time being wasted. For that reason, I am proud to stand here today, along with my colleague, the senior Senator from Louisiana, B
ILL CASSIDY , and recommend cat-egorically and unequivocally—uncondi-tionally—to my colleagues the nomina-tion of Judge Kurt Engelhardt to be a member of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. He will serve us proudly and well. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Jerry Moran, John Cornyn, John Hoeven, John Kennedy, Johnny Isakson, Chuck Grassley, Cory Gardner, James E. Risch, Thom Tillis, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, Mike Rounds, Roy Blunt, Richard Burr, John Thune, Tom Cotton. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. DUCKWORTH ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 64, nays 31, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 86 Ex.] YEAS—64 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Jones Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—31 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Cortez Masto Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Markey Menendez Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Duckworth Graham Isakson McCain Merkley 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 64, the nays are 31. The motion is agreed to. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING SAM GRANATO Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a remarkable man who was a giant in our commu-nity and who had an immeasurable im-pact on the lives of many, many peo-ple. Sadly, Sam Granato passed away peacefully at his home after a 2-year battle with cancer. He fought his per-sonal medical battle the same way he approached life: with grit, determina-tion, and perseverance. Sam spent most of his life as a resi-dent of Millcreek, UT, where he learned from his father, Frank, the value of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:35 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.008 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2511 May 7, 2018 
hard work. Frank taught his son the elements of the food industry, impart-ing to Sam invaluable lessons that he would later implement as he estab-lished and operated several Italian delis and distributed food to Utah stores and restaurants. Lunch at Granato’s was a mainstay for people from all walks of life. Some of the most interesting political discussions, for people on both sides of the aisle, have taken place in the ‘‘boardrooms’’ of Sam’s beloved restaurant. To Sam, everyone was his best friend. Sam enthusiastically greeted every person who walked in the door of Granato’s, whether he had known you for decades or had just met you. His mantra was always, ‘‘How can I help you?’’ Time after time, I watched Sam put his arm around someone, lean in, and offer a word of encouragement or help. Sam contributed to so many areas of Utah life. He was a successful businessowner, an effective Salt Lake councilman, an advocate for the needy, and a loving husband and father. He often brought people together—Mor-mon and Catholic, Republican and Democrat—and would bridge the gaps that confronted us. He represented a better era in politics in which we fo-cused more on where we agree than where we disagree. With Sam’s passing, Utah has lost an important member of its community. Sam was a man whose small stature belied his huge impact. Elaine and I ex-tend our deepest sympathy and love to his wife, Ann, and to their four chil-dren. May our Heavenly Father’s lov-ing arms encircle them as they mourn his loss and celebrate his life. I will miss my friend and his kindness and support, but I know that the contribu-tions he made will continue to bless our State for generations to come. 
f 
HONORING OFFICER PHILLIP MEACHAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I rise to honor the service and sacrifice of Officer Phillip Meacham, of the Hop-kinsville Police Department, who lost his life in faithful service to his com-munity. Like all members of law enforce-ment, Officer Meacham put his safety at risk each and every day for those he was sworn to protect. However, on March 29, 2018, tragedy struck in a tar-geted act of violence when an indi-vidual impersonating a police officer fatally shot him. For a small community like Hop-kinsville, KY, Officer Meacham’s kill-ing appalled everyone to their core. This type of senseless violence had no place in their or any community, and Officer Meacham’s loss sent shockwaves throughout western Ken-tucky. During his funeral procession, hundreds of people—both friends and total strangers—lined the streets to honor him. Officer Meacham joined the Hopkins-ville Police Department last May after more than a decade at the Christian County Sherriff’s Department. His hon-orable service to this community will be remembered for years to come by the men and women who served with him in uniform and by the wife and young daughter he left behind. As the community mourns Officer Meacham, we are all reminded of the ever-present danger that the brave members of law enforcement face. Offi-cer Meacham’s courage and heroism were hallmarks of his service, and his community is safer because of him. I would like to express my deepest condolences to Officer Meacham’s fam-ily, to the Hopkinsville Police Depart-ment, and to all those who knew him. I ask my Senate colleagues to join me in honoring this Kentucky hero. f 
TRIBUTE TO KAY ADKINS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Dr. Kay Adkins, the president and CEO of Ashland Commu-nity and Technical College, ACTC, on her upcoming retirement after more than 5 years of leadership to this Ken-tucky institution. A western Kentucky native, Dr. Adkins knew this would be her last post before a well-deserved re-tirement that will begin at the end of June. After earning her doctorate in edu-cational administration from Illinois State University, Dr. Adkins held lead-ership positions at community colleges around the country. Just before com-ing back to the Commonwealth, she served as the president of Yuba College in Marysville, CA, where she found suc-cess in diversity, strategic planning, and the establishment of the Yuba Col-lege Foundation. During her time at ACTC, Dr. Adkins helped the organization fulfill its mis-sion to provide accessible, affordable, and quality education to its students. A member of the school’s board of di-rectors said, ‘‘She’s the total package.’’ A former chairman of the board credits her leadership with making ACTC a leader of Kentucky’s community col-leges. One of her many accomplishments in Ashland was the establishment of the Holy Family Community Collegiate High School, which helps students earn 2-year degrees while they pursue a high school diploma. Dr. Adkins also strengthened the relationship between ACTC and many of Kentucky’s colleges and universities, so students could transfer their credits to a 4-year pro-gram. In the face of economic hard-ships in the region, she helped develop second-career retraining programs to help displaced or out-of-work Kentuck-ians. Dr. Adkins’ efforts have already shown impressive results. Under her guidance, ACTC awarded a record num-ber of credentials to its graduates each of the last 3 years. She has also built close ties with the employer commu-nity in an effort to increase the num-ber of scholarships available to stu-dents and help them begin meaningful careers after graduation. Her leader-ship has benefited students and the community. Now, she plans to spend retirement in her native western Kentucky with her husband, playing golf and trav-eling. I would like to congratulate Dr. Adkins on her successful career and thank her for years of dedication to Kentucky’s students, and I urge my colleagues to join me. f 
TRIBUTE TO ALBERT HALE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today it is my privilege to congratu-late Albert Hale, of Laurel County, KY, on his recent retirement after more than four decades of public service to his community. Hale left his position as emergency management director for the county earlier this year, and I would like to take this opportunity to join with the men and women of Laurel County in thanking him for his dili-gent service. After graduating from high school, Hale began working for the Kentucky Department of Transportation as a heavy equipment operator. Then in 1994, he added second career working on a part-time basis for the county’s sheriff’s department. Since he took on that new responsibility more than 20 years ago, Hale had been ready to an-swer any call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Almost a decade later, Hale retired from the transportation department and began working full time for the sheriff’s department. In that role, Hale coordinated with the U.S. Forest Serv-ice to assist in its efforts to patrol the area surrounding the Laurel Lake. In 2008, Hale left the sheriff’s department for a position in the Laurel County jail’s work-release program where he worked with inmates to help them find employment opportunities. Two years later, Hale heard about a vacancy at the Laurel County Emer-gency Management Department. He ap-plied and joined the department in 2010 as its director. In this role, Hale leads the support organization to help his community prepare for, respond to, and recover from a wide range of emer-gency situations. In this position, Hale had the opportunity to collaborate with emergency management profes-sionals from across Kentucky. As director, Hale remembered one particular event with great satisfac-tion. After a powerful tornado in Lau-rel County, a number of organizations and individuals came together to pro-tect the community and to help it re-build. In the face of a disaster, the citi-zens of Laurel County worked collabo-ratively to help their neighbors in need. Throughout his long career, Hale has dedicated himself time and again to the service of his community. As he fondly looks back on his career, he also remembers the many family holidays 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.023 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2512 May 7, 2018 
and occasions that he missed because of that service. So now, in his retire-ment, Hale looks forward to spending time with his wife, son, and grand-children. However, if an unfortunate disaster were to strike the Laurel County community, Albert is ready to volunteer to serve the public once again. I would like to join with Albert Hale’s family and community in thank-ing him for his lifetime of service, and I ask my colleagues in the Senate to join me. 
f 
BICENTENNIAL OF WHITLEY COUNTY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I rise today to help Whitley County, KY, mark an impressive milestone. Found-ed in 1818, the county is commemo-rating its 200 years of heritage and suc-cess with a year full of events and cele-brations. I would like to take a brief moment to join them in remembering the unique history of Whitley County. Although the first meeting of the Whitley County Court was held on April 20, 1818, in the home of one of its earliest residents, Samuel Cox, the area’s history extends back to its first exploration as early as 1750. The coun-ty was named for Colonel William Whitley, famous for fighting many bat-tles within the area, safeguarding the Wilderness Road, and for his service in the War of 1812. The county seat, Wil-liamsburg, was also named in his honor. At its founding, the county was home to only 500 residents. Whitley County saw only tepid population growth dur-ing its first decades, but after the Civil War, the number of residents quickly increased. With the arrival of the L&N Railroad in 1883, the area flourished with the influx of lumber and coal jobs. Now, Whitley County is home to more than 35,000 Kentuckians. Among the most remarkable aspects of the area is its picturesque geog-raphy. In the Cumberland Mountains, much of the county is included in the Daniel Boone National Forest. A por-tion of Whitley County’s western bor-der also follows the path of the Cum-berland River and includes Cumberland Falls, known as the Niagara of the South. As the only place in the West-ern Hemisphere with regularly visible moonbows, the falls are a major source of tourism. To celebrate its bicentennial, the county is hosting a wide range of events, focused around the official founding in April, which included a birthday party and the decorating of the downtown Williamsburg in red, white, and blue. The county will also dedicate a historical marker at the site of Samuel Cox’s residence. Later in the year, Whitley County will collect items for a time capsule and host a barbeque cook-off. I would like to join everyone in Whit-ley County, including Judge/Executive Pat White, Jr., in marking this occa-sion, and I would like to ask my Senate colleagues to help me commemorate the bicentennial anniversary. f 
REMEMBERING PETER G. PETERSON Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last month, Peter G. Peterson passed away in his home in Manhattan at the age of 91. He was a rare figure in modern American politics as a true public cit-izen asking politicians to be fiscally re-sponsible. Peter George Peterson was born Peter Petropoulos in Kearney, NE, to a Greek family. His parents came from southern Greece without any money. George, his father, took a job as a dish-washer for the Union Pacific Railroad. His mother made wine in his basement, which she sold to people. George even-tually opened a Greek restaurant in Kearney and changed the family name to Peterson. At age eight, Peter would work the register at this place. The family never had much wealth. Almost everyone knew him as Pete. His family was so frugal that Pete and his brother took turns using the same bath water on Saturday nights. The Great Depression taught him lessons that he would message to the country for the rest of his life: Never spend more than one earns, even in the worst of times. Pete developed into a business won-der. He finished top in his class in high school, attended Massachusetts Insti-tute of Technology, and Northwestern University. In the 1950s, Pete was an advertising executive for the legendary McCann Erickson agency before he was 30. Within a decade, he became chief executive for Bell and Howell elec-tronics. Pete answered the call for service in 1971, becoming the White House Assist-ant for International Economic Affairs and, eventually, Commerce Secretary for a brief period of time for President Nixon, but he was never a White House insider. Partisans distrusted him be-cause he was too comfortable with Democrats. He left a year into the post before scandal engulfed the White House. He was nearsighted and colorblind, but he had a clear vision of where he thought the country should go. Pete built a career that made him one of the few captains of business stretching into public life. He was chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations for 22 years and led government commissions and advisory bodies. Pete also helped found the incredibly successful Black-stone Group and became chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. He was a member of President Bill Clinton’s Bipartisan Commission on Entitlement and Tax Reform as well. Pete’s leadership as a fiscal watchdog might be his greatest achievement. Since the 1970s, Pete has challenged leaders of both parties to address the country’s dangerous fiscal path. He launched the Institute for Inter-national Economics in 1981, which be-came the Peterson Institute for Inter-national Economics in 2006. Pete was the founding president of the bipar-tisan Concord Coalition, which in-cluded former Democratic Senator Paul Tsongas and former Republican Senator Warren Rudman in 1992 to ad-vocate for generationally responsible fiscal policy. The national debt is not a partisan problem; it is an American problem. Pete wrote several books challenging both parties to come together and fix it. The Peter G. Peterson Foundation, which he founded in 2006, has kept the conversation alive and pushed put the country on a sustainable fiscal path. Members of both parties and all walks of life have come to foundation events to participate in providing solutions to long-term fiscal challenges. I was at a few of them. Pete’s life is a reminder that we need to work together to serve future gen-erations. He is survived by his wife, Joan Ganz Cooney; and five children, John, Jim, David, Holly, and Michael Peterson; a brother, John; and nine grandchildren. 
f 
ENFORCING BUDGETARY LEVELS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018, P.L.115–123, included an instruction to the chair-man of the Senate Committee on the Budget to file allocations, aggregates, and budgetary levels in the Senate be-fore May 15, 2018. Today I rise to sub-mit the required filing found in that act. Specifically, section 30103 of the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2018 requires the chairman to file: No. 1, an alloca-tion for fiscal year 2019 for the Com-mittee on Appropriations; No. 2, an al-location for fiscal years 2019, 2019 through 2023, and 2019 through 2028 for committees other than the Committee on Appropriations; No. 3, aggregate spending levels for fiscal year 2019; No. 4, aggregate revenue levels for fiscal years 2019, 2019 through 2023, and 2019 through 2028; and, No. 5, aggregate lev-els of outlays and revenue for fiscal years 2019, 2019 through 2023, and 2019 through 2028 for Social Security. The figures included in this filing are consistent with the discretionary spending limits set forth in the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018 and the most recent baseline from the Congressional Budget Office, CBO. CBO’s most recent baseline was released in April 2018. In addition to the update for enforce-able limits above, section 30103(c) of the act allows for the deficit-neutral reserve funds included in title III of H.Con.Res. 71, the fiscal year 2018 con-gressional budget resolution, to be up-dated by 1 fiscal year. Pursuant to this authority, all deficit-neutral reserve funds in the aforementioned title of last year’s budget resolution are up-dated and available for use. For purposes of enforcing the Sen-ate’s pay-as-you-go rule, which is found 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.015 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2513 May 7, 2018 
in section 4106 of H.Con.Res. 71, I am resetting the Senate’s scorecard to zero for all fiscal years. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that this statement and the accompanying ta-bles detailing enforcement in the Sen-ate be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO SENATE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
[Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 30103 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 ($ Billions)] Budget Au-thority Outlays 
Appropriations: Revised Security Category Discretionary Budget Authority
1............................... 647,000 n/a Revised Nonsecurity Category Discre-tionary Budget Authority
1................... 597,000 n/a General Purpose Outlays1....................... n/a 1,314.141 
Memo: Subtotal ........................................... 1,244,000 1,314.141 on-budget ................................................. 1,238,509 1,308.546 off-budget ................................................ 5,491 5,595 Mandatory ....................................... 1,025,059 1,015.953 
1The allocation will be adjusted following the reporting of bills, offering of amendments, or submission of conference reports that qualify for adjust-ments to the discretionary spending limits as outlined in section 251(b)of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO SENATE COMMITTEES OTHER THAN APPROPRIATIONS 
[Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 30103 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 ($ Billions)] 2019 2019–2023 2019–2028 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Budget Authority 120.487 610.644 1,270.959 Outlays ................ 111.225 565.380 1,179.227 Armed Services Budget Authority 174.387 932.753 1,797.086 Outlays ................ 174.120 936.662 1,801.597 Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Budget Authority 21.497 101.241 200.535 Outlays ................ 0.922 ¥6.734 ¥19.771 Commerce, Science, and Transportation Budget Authority 19.002 94.633 194.318 Outlays ................ 16.648 78.888 150.453 Energy and Natural Re-sources Budget Authority 5.437 27.198 51.136 Outlays ................ 4.887 27.199 51.401 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority 47.830 213.726 421.066 Outlays ................ 2.284 12.868 28.203 Finance Budget Authority 2,456.050 14,465.750 33,836.595 Outlays ................ 2,441.636 14,383.691 33,732.193 Foreign Relations Budget Authority 43.543 198.037 381.640 Outlays ................ 36.371 182.008 364.448 Homeland Security and Government Affairs Budget Authority 145.915 777.522 1,684.096 Outlays ................ 143.776 762.681 1,645.280 Judiciary Budget Authority 26.608 95.665 183.573 Outlays ................ 19.527 105.584 194.967 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority 30.549 146.753 267.753 Outlays ................ 22.350 117.630 231.285 Rules and Administra-tion Budget Authority 0.050 0.248 0.495 Outlays ................ 0.023 0.128 0.284 Intelligence Budget Authority 0.514 2.570 5.140 Outlays ................ 0.514 2.570 5.140 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority 110.111 598.112 1,317,406 Outlays ................ 111.584 608.154 1,327,833 Indian Affairs Budget Authority 0.484 2.376 4.908 Outlays ................ 0.657 2.435 4.907 Small Business Budget Authority 0.000 0.000 0.000 Outlays ................ 0.000 0.000 0.000 Unassigned to Com-mittee Budget Authority¥893.879 ¥5,031.456 ¥11,287.433 Outlays ................¥887.018 ¥4,993.302 ¥11,212.109 ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO SENATE COMMITTEES OTHER THAN APPROPRIATIONS—Continued 
[Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 30103 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 ($ Billions)] 2019 2019–2023 2019–2028 
TOTAL Budget Au-thority ..... 2,308.585 13,235.772 30,329.273 Outlays ....... 2,199.506 12,785.842 29,485.338 
Includes entitlements funded in annual appropriations acts. 
BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 30103 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 ($ Billions)] 2019 2019–2023 2019–2028 
Spending: Budget Authority ............. 3,547.094 N.A. N.A. Outlays ............................ 3,508.052 N.A. N.A. Revenue .................................... 2,590.496 14,326.733 33,273.213 
N.A.= Not Applicable. 
SOCIAL SECURITY LEVELS 
[Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 30103 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 ($ Billions)] 2019 2019–2023 2019–2028 
Outlays ..................................... 908.755 5,220.380 12,412.247 Revenue .................................... 899.194 4,907.020 10,888.530 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE SENATE 
[$ Billions] Balances 
Fiscal Year 2018 ............................................................................ 0 Fiscal Year 2019 ............................................................................ 0 Fiscal Years 2018 through 2023 ................................................... 0 Fiscal Years 2018 through 2028 ................................................... 0 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–36, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Bahrain for defense articles and services estimated to cost $911.4 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, GREGORY M. K AUSNER , (For Charles W. Hoo-per, Lieutenant Gen-eral, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–36 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of Bahrain (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $490.9 million. Other $420.5 million. TOTAL $911.4 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twelve (12) AH–1Z Attack Helicopters Twenty-six (26) T–700 GE 401C Engines (twenty-four (24) installed and two (2) spares) Fourteen (14) AGM–114 Hellfire Missiles Fifty-six (56) Advance Precision Kill Weap-on System II (APKWS-II) WGU–59B Non-MDE: Also includes fifteen (15) Honeywell Em-bedded Global Positioning System (GPS) In-ertial Navigation System (INS) (EGI) w/ Standard Positioning Service (SPS) (includ-ing three (3) spares), twelve (12) Joint Mis-sion Planning Systems, twelve (12) M197 20mm gun systems, thirty (30) Tech Refresh Mission Computers, fourteen (14) AN/AAQ–30 Target Sight Systems, twenty six (26) Hel-met Mounted Display/Optimized Top Owl, communication equipment, electronic war-fare systems, fifteen (15) APX–117 Identifica-tion Friend or Foe (IFF), fifteen (15) AN/ AAR–47 Missile Warning Systems, fifteen (15) AN/ALE–47 Countermeasure Dispenser Sets, fifteen (15) APR–39C(V)2 Radar Warning Re-ceivers, support equipment, spare engine containers, spare and repair parts, tools and test equipment, technical data and publica-tions, personnel training and training equip-ment, U.S. government and contractor engi-neering, technical, and logistics support services, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 27, 2018 *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Bahrain—AH–1Z Attack Helicopters The Government of Bahrain has requested twelve (12) AH–1Z attack helicopters, twen-ty-six (26) T–700 GE 401C engines (twenty- four (24) installed and two (2) spares), four-teen (14) AGM–114 Hellfire Missiles, and fifty-six (56) Advance Precision Kill Weapon System II (APKWS-II) WGU–59Bs. This re-quest also includes fifteen (15) Honeywell Embedded Global Positioning System (GPS) Inertial Navigation System (INS) (EGI) w/ Standard Positioning Service (SPS) (includ-ing three (3) spares), twelve (12) Joint Mis-sion Planning Systems, twelve (12) M197 20mm gun systems, thirty (30) Tech Refresh Mission Computers, fourteen (14) AN/AAQ–30 Target Sight Systems, twenty six (26) Hel-met Mounted Display/Optimized Top Owl, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.025 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2514 May 7, 2018 
communication equipment, electronic war-fare systems, fifteen (15) APX–117 Identifica-tion Friend or Foe (IFF), fifteen (15) AN/ AAR–47 Missile Warning Systems, fifteen (15) AN/ALE–47 Countermeasure Dispenser Sets, fifteen (15) APR–39C(V)2 Radar Warning Re-ceivers, support equipment, spare engine containers, spare and repair parts, tools and test equipment, technical data and publica-tions, personnel training and training equip-ment, U.S. government and contractor engi-neering, technical, and logistics support services, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. The total esti-mated cost is $911.4 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a major Non-NATO ally which is an important security partner in the region. Our mutual defense interests anchor our re-lationship and the Royal Bahraini Air Force plays a significant role in Bahrain’s defense. The proposed sale improves Bahrain’s ca-pability to meet current and future threats. Bahrain will use this capability as a deter-rent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland defense. This sale will improve interoperability with U.S. forces. Bahrain will have no difficulty absorbing these heli-copters into its armed forces. This proposed sale of equipment and sup-port will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractors will be Bell Heli-copter, Textron, Fort Worth, Texas; and General Electric Company, Lynn, Massachu-setts. There are no known offset agreements proposed in conjunction with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require multiple trips by U.S. Government and contractor representatives to participate in program and technical reviews plus train-ing and maintenance support in country, on a temporary basis, for a period of sixty (60) months. It will also require three (3) con-tractor representatives to reside in country for a period of two (2) years to support this program. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–36 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The following components and technical documentation for the program are classified as listed below: a. The AH–1 Z-model has an Integrated Avionics System (IAS) which includes two (2) mission computers and an automatic flight control system. Each crew station has two (2) 8x6–inch multifunction liquid crystal displays (LCD) and one (1) 4.2 x 4.2–inch dual function LCD display. The communications suite will have NON-COMSEC ARC 210 Ultra High Frequency Very High Frequency (UHF/ VHF) radios with associated communica-tions equipment (antennas, mounts). The navigation suite includes Honeywell Embed-ded Global Positioning System (GPS) Iner-tial Navigation System (INS) (EGI) w/ Stand-ard Positioning Service (SPS), a digital map system, a low-airspeed air data subsystem, which allows weapons delivery when hov-ering, and a AN/APX–117/A(V) IFF Trans-ponder. b. The crew is equipped with the Optimized Top Owl (OTO) helmet-mounted sight and display system. The OTO has a Day Display Module (DDM) and a Night Display Module (NDM). The AH-lZ has survivability equip-ment including the AN/AAR–47 Missile Warn-ing and Laser Detection System, AN/ALE–47 Counter Measure Dispensing System (CMDS) and the AN/APR–39 Radar Warning Receiver (RWR) to cover countermeasure dispensers, radar warning, incoming/on-way missile warning and on- fuselage laser-spot warning systems. c. The following performance data and technical characteristics are classified as follows for the AH–1Z Airframe: counter-measure capability—SECRET, counter-coun-termeasures capability—SECRET, vulner-ability to countermeasures—SECRET, vul-nerability to electromagnetic pulse from nu-clear environmental effects—SECRET, radar signature—SECRET, infrared signature—SE-CRET, acoustic signature—CONFIDENTIAL, ultraviolet signature—SECRET, mission ef-fectiveness against threats—CONFIDEN-TIAL, target sight system—up to SECRET, Tactical Air Moving Map Capability (TAMMAC)—up to SECRET, Honeywell Em-bedded GPS INS (EGI) w/SPS—UNCLASSI-FIED, AN/ARC–210 RT 629F–23—UNCLASSI-FIED, AN/APX–117/A(V) IFF Transponder— UNCLASSIFIED, VCR or DVR—up to SE-CRET, APR–39 Radar Warning System (RWS)—up to SECRET, AN/AAR–47 Missile/ Laser Warning System (MLWS)—up to SE-CRET, AN/ALE–47 Countermeasures Dis-penser Set (CMDS)—up to SECRET. d. The APKWS is a low-cost semi-active laser guidance kit developed by BAE Sys-tems which converts unguided 2.75 inch (70 mm) rockets into precision laser-guided rockets. The classification is up to SECRET. e. The AGM–114 Hellfire II Semi-Active Laser (SAL) Missiles are rail-launched guid-ed missiles developed and produced by Lock-heed Martin. The guidance system employs a SAL seeker. The SAL missile homes in on the laser energy reflected off a target that has been illuminated by a laser designator. The laser can be on either the launch plat-form or another platform that can be sepa-rated from it by several kilometers. The tar-get sets are armor, bunkers, caves, enclo-sures, boats, and enemy personnel. The weapon system hardware, as an ‘‘All Up Round,’’ is UNCLASSIFIED. The highest level of classified information to be disclosed regarding the AGM–114 Hellfire II missile software is SECRET. The highest level of classified information that could be dis-closed by a proposed sale or by testing of the end item is SECRET and the highest level that must be disclosed for production, main-tenance, or training is CONFIDENTIAL. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness. 3. The consequences of the loss of this technology to a technologically advanced or competent adversary could result in the compromise of equivalent systems, which in turn could reduce those weapons system’s ef-fectiveness, or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 4. A determination has been made that the Government of Bahrain can provide substan-tially the same degree of protection for the technology being released as the U.S. Gov-ernment. This sale of the AH–1 Z Helicopter and associated weapons will further U.S. for-eign policy and national security objectives. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Bahrain. f 
HONORING FIRST LIEUTENANT ROBERT FRANK NIEMANN Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today I rise to recognize 1st Lt. Robert Frank Niemann, an American hero from New Ulm, MN, who served honor-ably in the U.S. Air Force as a member of the 334th Fighter Interceptor Squad-ron, 4th Fighter Interceptor Wing, South Korea. North Korean forces shot down First Lieutenant Niemann’s plane on April 12, 1953, and 1 year later, he was still missing and declared killed in action. Forty years later, new information re-vealed that First Lieutenant Niemann was captured by North Korean forces and was questioned by Soviet intel-ligence officers. He refused to answer their questions, emphasizing that it was a violation of international laws to interrogate a wounded prisoner of war. First Lieutenant Niemann’s strength of character in the face of enemy sol-diers was truly heroic. While he is still listed as missing in action and his sta-tus is still unknown, his family and loved ones are seeking closure. First Lieutenant Niemann made the ulti-mate sacrifice defending our county. His daughter, Ann, has planned a me-morial tribute in his honor on May 12, 2018. Occasions like this one are a power-ful reminder of the contributions of the brave men and women who have donned the uniform in generations past. We must never forget their sac-rifice. Please join me in honoring the service and sacrifice of 1st Lt. Robert Frank Niemann. f 
NATIONAL SEERSUCKER DAY Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, today I rise in recognition of seersucker manu-facturers and enthusiasts across the United States. I wish everyone a Happy National Seersucker Day. This unique-ly American fashion has a storied his-tory dating back to 1909. The first seer-sucker suit was designed by Joseph Haspel at his Broad Street facility in New Orleans, LA. Louisiana is proud to have played an important part in intro-ducing the country to seersucker ap-parel. This lightweight cotton fabric, known for its signature pucker, has been worn and enjoyed by Americans across the country during the hot sum-mer months. Mr. Haspel said it best: ‘‘Hot is hot, no matter what you do for a living.’’ In the 1990s, Seersucker Day was es-tablished by Members of this Chamber to honor this unique American fashion. I proudly resumed this tradition in 2014 in the U.S. House of Representatives and continued this tradition in the U.S. Senate. This year, I wish to des-ignate Thursday, June 7, as the fifth annual National Seersucker Day. I en-courage everyone to wear seersucker on this day to commemorate this tradi-tionally American clothing. (At the request of Mr. SCHUMER, tie following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.036 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2515 May 7, 2018 
REMEMBERING LARRY LEONG HONG ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to the re-markable life of Larry Leong Hong, who passed away peacefully on April 20, 2018, surrounded by his loving fam-ily. Born in China in 1922, his family im-migrated to Burma when he was an in-fant, to seek better fortune. Larry was the oldest son of six children; he had three sisters and two brothers. His family sent him back to China to get his schooling and to learn about his heritage and his culture. At age 13, shortly after he returned home to Burma, he left to seek a better future for himself and for his family. He came by himself to America, to the Golden Mountain, where it was believed the streets were paved with gold. In 1935, when he arrived in America, he found no streets paved in gold bricks. Instead, he found a country in the grips of the Great Depression, and life was hard. But that did not deter him. He worked hard at the family res-taurant. Larry learned the value of hard work, determination, and self-suf-ficiency. He worked in the restaurant until the clarion call of World War II. In 1942 Larry joined the war effort, working at a factory as an engine lathe operator and was promoted to be an in-spector until he was called to serve. Larry—also known as Wing Q. Hong— was inducted into the Army of the United States on March 2, 1943. He was an infantryman and rose to TEC 4 as a cook. He served in the European the-ater, landing with his regiment in Nor-mandy and went on to serve in Ardennes-Rhineland, Northern France, and Central Europe, serving as the act-ing mess sergeant for the officers. He was honorably discharged on October 19, 1945. He was awarded the Good Con-duct Medal AR 600–68 and the EAMETO Medal with one Silver Service Star. This patriotic and hard-working immi-grant started a tradition of service to his country. All of his descendants and their spouses served this Nation, either in Active Duty as members of the mili-tary or as civilians. Upon discharge, Larry returned to civilian life and went back to the restaurant business. Two years after his discharge from the Army, his only son, Kenneth, was born. He met the love of his life, Annette Moy, at the restaurant in which they both worked, and they were married in 1942. This was a love affair that lasted for almost 62 years, until his beloved wife passed in January of 2000. Even though Larry came to America by him-self, as a young teen, when he married Annette, he married into the Moy Clan—very large, very tight-knit, and very loving family. He learned through Annette the value and the strong bonds of family. Larry was devoted to his im-mediate and extended family. He was generous, strong, dependable, and sta-ble. He and his wife were the anchor for their very large family. The family took every opportunity to gather together, whether it was to cel-ebrate a holiday, to celebrate a special milestone or just to get together for a picnic. They were fun, and of course these gatherings always featured good food. Each weekend the extended fam-ily came together at one of the sisters’ house to play mah-jongg, while the young children went to sleep to the sound of the click-clicking of the mah- jongg game. Larry loved good Chinese food; he especially loved lobster and Chinese-style chicken. Larry was a fighter. He met several challenges throughout his life, and each time he fought it—and he won. His love of family, his love of food, his strength, and his fighting spirit will be missed. Larry is survived by his son, Kenneth Leong Hong—wife Belkis—of Gaithers-burg, MD, and his only granddaughter, Denise Williams—husband Dan—of Na-tional Harbor, MD.∑ 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO ROHAN RAJEEV ∑Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize Rohan Rajeev, of Edmond, OK, a young man of exem-plary character and talent. Rohan made history as the runner-up at the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee. In his first appearance at the bee, Rohan earned his position by qualifying from a pool of over 11 million students from around the world. In 2016, Rohan earned the distinction as the first speller from Oklahoma to win the As-sociation of Christian Schools Inter-national Spelling Bee. Rohan has used his skills to help and teach others. He has served as the first grand marshal of the Eastern Okla-homa State Spelling Bee, a nonprofit competition whose mission is to help students develop spelling and vocabu-lary skills. He has contributed to the community by volunteering and taking leadership positions in programs and organizations, including Oklahoma Student Voices and Youth and Govern-ment. While his honors are many, I am most impressed by Rohan’s humility and courage. He attributes his success to his faith in Jesus Christ, knowing that He has brought him thus far in life. Despite enduring the loss of his sister, Raina, to a severe neurological condition, Rohan continues to honor her memory by dedicating his perform-ances to Raina, and she continues to inspire Rohan to pursue his dreams. Congratulations, Rohan. I wish you well in your future endeavors, and I know your future is bright.∑ 
f 
VERMONT FEDERAL EXECUTIVE ASSOCIATION 2018 AWARDS ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, on April 27, 2018, the Vermont Federal Ex-ecutive Association recognized several Federal employees in the State of Vermont with Excellence in Govern-ment awards. At a time when many Federal agencies are being asked to do more work with fewer resources, it is important to recognize examples of ex-ceptionally good work by members of the Federal workforce. Vermont is fortunate to have close to 5,000 Federal employees working across the State, and I am proud of their com-mitment to public service. I would like to congratulate the 2018 Excellence in Government award winners who were chosen for this recognition by their peers in VTFEA. The awards are as follows: Supervisor of the Year, Amanda Duquette, Office of Contracting, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; Employee of the Year, Caitlin Moynihan, Homeland Se-curity Investigations, Burlington Field Office, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; Excellence in Mission Support, Staffing Management Team, Northeast Regional Office, U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services; Ex-cellence in Operational Execution, Tar-geted Enforcement Unit/Sensor Team, U.S. Border Patrol, Newport Station, U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the FEMA Adjudication Team, Personnel Security, Operations, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; Safety/Valor Award, Laurent Giroux, U.S. Customs and Border Protection and John Zavala, U.S. Border Patrol; and Unit Excellence, Operations Unit Mentoring Team, Law Enforcement Support Center, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Once again, I congratulate these Vermont Federal employees for receiv-ing these awards.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
TEXT OF AN AGREEMENT BE-TWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND FOR COOPERATION IN PEACEFUL USES OF NUCLEAR ENERGY—PM 33 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.027 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2516 May 7, 2018 
from the President of the United States, together with accompanying reports and papers, which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: To the Congress of the United States: I am pleased to transmit to the Con-gress, pursuant to subsections 123b. and 123d. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2153(b), (d)) (the ‘‘Act’’), the text of an Agreement be-tween the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for Cooperation in Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy (the ‘‘Agreement’’). I am also pleased to transmit my written approval, au-thorization, and determination con-cerning the Agreement and an unclas-sified Nuclear Proliferation Assess-ment Statement (NPAS) concerning the Agreement. In accordance with sec-tion 123 of the Act, a classified annex to the NPAS, prepared by the Acting Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of National Intel-ligence, summarizing relevant classi-fied information, will be submitted to the Congress separately. A joint memo-randum submitted to me by the Acting Secretary of State and the Secretary of Energy and a letter from the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission stating the views of the Commission are also enclosed. An addendum to the NPAS containing a comprehensive analysis of the export control system of the United Kingdom with respect to nuclear-related matters, including interactions with other countries of proliferation concern and the actual or suspected nuclear, dual-use, or missile- related transfers to such countries, pursuant to section 102A(w) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(w)), is being submitted separately by the Director of National Intel-ligence. Although not required by the Act, I am also transmitting an analysis and a determination and judgment from the Secretary of Energy con-cerning the advance, long-term approv-als contained in the proposed Agree-ment. The Agreement has been negotiated in accordance with the Act and other applicable law. In my judgment, it meets all applicable statutory require-ments and will advance the non-proliferation and other foreign policy interests of the United States. The Agreement contains all of the provisions required by subsection 123a. of the Act. It provides a comprehensive framework for peaceful nuclear co-operation with the United Kingdom based on a mutual commitment to nu-clear nonproliferation. It would permit the transfer of material, equipment (including reactors), components, sen-sitive nuclear facilities, major critical components, and information for nu-clear research and nuclear power pro-duction. It also would allow for the transfer of sensitive nuclear tech-nology if the parties later agree on conditions in writing. The Agreement has a term of 30 years, although it can be terminated by either party on one year’s advance written notice. In the event of termi-nation or expiration of the Agreement, key nonproliferation conditions and controls will continue in effect as long as any material, equipment, compo-nent, sensitive nuclear facility, or major critical component subject to the Agreement remains in the territory or under the jurisdiction or control of either party, or until such time as the parties agree in writing that such nu-clear material or non-nuclear material is no longer usable for any nuclear ac-tivity relevant from the point of view of international safeguards or have been practically irrecoverable, or that such equipment, components, sensitive nuclear facilities, or major critical components is no longer usable for nu-clear purposes. As one of the five nuclear weapon states under the Treaty on the Non- Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, in-cluding one of the Treaty’s three De-positary States, and one of the five per-manent members of the United Nations Security Council, the United Kingdom holds an important leadership role in the global nonproliferation regime and the larger international security archi-tecture. The United Kingdom is a mem-ber of the four major multilateral ex-port control regimes: the Nuclear Sup-pliers Group, the Australia Group, the Missile Technology Control Regime, and the Wassenaar Arrangement. In ad-dition, the United Kingdom has pro-vided financial, technical, and leader-ship support to key nonproliferation mechanisms such as the Global Threat Reduction Program, the Global Initia-tive to Combat Nuclear Terrorism, the Elimination of Weapons-Grade Pluto-nium Production Program, the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Technical Cooperation Pro-gram, the IAEA Department of Safe-guards, the G7 Global Partnership against the Spread of Weapons of Mass Destruction, and the Proliferation Se-curity Initiative. A more detailed dis-cussion of the United Kingdom’s civil nuclear activities and its nonprolifera-tion policies and practices is in the NPAS and its classified annex. I have considered the views and rec-ommendations of the interested depart-ments and agencies in reviewing the Agreement and have determined that its performance will promote, and will not constitute an unreasonable risk to, the common defense and security. Ac-cordingly, I have approved the Agree-ment and authorized its execution and urge that the Congress give it favor-able consideration. This transmission shall constitute a submittal for purposes of both sub-sections 123b. and 123d. of the Act. My Administration is prepared to begin immediately consultations with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, as provided in subsection 123b. Upon completion of the 30 days of con-tinuous session review provided for in subsection 123b., the 60 days of contin-uous session review provided for in sub-section 123d. shall commence. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 7, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4. An act to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes. H.R. 4744. An act to impose additional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Government of Iran, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 118. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the printing of ‘‘United States Cap-itol Grounds: Landscape Architect Frederick Law Olmstead’s Design for Democracy’’ as a House document. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 4744. An act to impose additional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Government of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
The following concurrent resolution was read, and referred as indicated: 
H. Con. Res. 118. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the printing of ‘‘United States Cap-itol Grounds: Landscape Architect Frederick Law Olmstead’s Design for Democracy’’ as a House document; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
H.R. 4. An act to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on April 27, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 447. An act to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 2349. A bill to direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to estab-lish an interagency working group to study 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.008 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2517 May 7, 2018 
Federal efforts to collect data on sexual vio-lence and to make recommendations on the harmonization of such efforts, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–238). S. 2400. A bill to eliminate or modify cer-tain audit mandates of the Government Ac-countability Office (Rept. No. 115–239). By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with amendments: S. 995. A bill to provide for equitable com-pensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–240). By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 2680. A bill to address the opioid crisis. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2018. *Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2025. *David Williams, of Illinois, to be a Gov-ernor of the United States Postal Service for a term expiring December 8, 2019. *Christopher Krebs, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for National Protection and Programs, Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 2791. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide grants for insti-tutions of higher education to prevent sub-stance abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 2792. A bill to modernize training pro-grams at aviation maintenance technician schools; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. R EED, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. K
AINE): S. 2793. A bill to amend the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ): S. 2794. A bill to make a deliberate, tar-geted attack on a law enforcement officer a crime, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. WHITEHOUSE ): S. 2795. A bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 2796. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to conduct and support research on the efficacy and safety of medicinal can-nabis, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 2797. A bill to establish the White Sands National Park in the State of New Mexico as unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. Res. 501. A resolution recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expres-sion around the world and reaffirming free-dom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to pro-mote democracy and good governance; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 132 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 132, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide for congres-sional and State approval of national monuments and restrictions on the use of national monuments. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 389 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 389, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that kombucha is exempt from any ex-cise taxes and regulations imposed on alcoholic beverages. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordi-nated care to children with complex medical conditions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. S. 486 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 486, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competi-tive acquisition rates to complex reha-bilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 783 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 783, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to distribute mater-nity care health professionals to health professional shortage areas identified as in need of maternity care health services. 
S. 1343 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1343, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1358, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the treatment of certain direct primary care service arrangements and periodic provider fees. 
S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1580, a bill to enhance the transparency, improve the coordina-tion, and intensify the impact of assist-ance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced chil-dren and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2098 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2098, a bill to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes. 
S. 2143 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2143, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen pro-tections for employees wishing to advo-cate for improved wages, hours, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.011 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2518 May 7, 2018 
other terms or conditions of employ-ment, to expand coverage under such Act, to provide a process for achieving initial collective bargaining agree-ments, and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2317 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2317, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for additional flexibility with respect to medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2334 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Col-orado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2334, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide clar-ity with respect to, and to modernize, the licensing system for musical works under section 115 of that title, to en-sure fairness in the establishment of certain rates and fees under sections 114 and 115 of that title, and for other purposes. 
S. 2415 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2415, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to streamline enrollment of certain Med-icaid providers and suppliers across State lines, and for other purposes. 
S. 2465 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2465, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease re-search, surveillance, prevention, and treatment. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce devel-opment pilot program. 
S. 2524 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2524, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a loan repayment program for sub-stance use disorder treatment employ-ees, and for other purposes. S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2659, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to authorize employees of hospice programs to han-dle controlled substances in the resi-dences of certain hospice patients to assist in disposal of those controlled substances. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regula-tion of hemp production, and for other purposes. 
S. 2684 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2684, a bill to establish a Federal stu-dent loan restructured repayment schedule for certain borrowers who are agricultural producers. 
S. 2685 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2685, a bill to modify certain require-ments for farm ownership loan eligi-bility. 
S. 2749 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2749, a bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural com-modity programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. 
S. 2774 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2774, a bill to reauthorize the COPS ON THE BEAT grant pro-gram. 
S. 2775 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2775, a bill to award ca-reer pathways innovation grants to local educational agencies and con-sortia of local educational agencies, to provide technical assistance within the Office of Career, Technical, and Adult Education to administer the grants and support the local educational agencies with the preparation of grant applica-tions and management of grant funds, to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to support community college and industry partnerships, and for other purposes. S. RES. 483 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 483, a resolution rec-ognizing the contributions of senior volunteers and designating the week of April 29 through May 5, 2018, as ‘‘Na-tional Senior Corps Week’’. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): S. 2795. A bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from pris-on, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
S. 2795 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Formerly Incarcerated Reenter Society Transformed Safely Transitioning Every Person Act’’ or the ‘‘FIRST STEP Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—RECIDIVISM REDUCTION Sec. 101. Risk and needs assessment system. Sec. 102. Implementation of system and rec-ommendations by Bureau of Prisons. Sec. 103. GAO Report. Sec. 104. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 105. Rule of construction. TITLE II—BUREAU OF PRISONS SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Secure firearms storage. TITLE III—RESTRAINTS ON PREGNANT PRISONERS PROHIBITED Sec. 301. Use of restraints on prisoners dur-ing the period of pregnancy and postpartum recovery prohib-ited. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS CRIMINAL JUSTICE Sec. 401. Placement of prisoners close to families. Sec. 402. Home confinement for low risk prisoners. Sec. 403. Federal prisoner reentry initiative reauthorization; modification of imposed term of imprison-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.015 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2519 May 7, 2018 
Sec. 404. Identification for returning citi-zens. Sec. 405. Miscellaneous. Sec. 406. Expanding inmate employment through Federal prison indus-tries. Sec. 407. De-escalation training. Sec. 408. Evidence-based treatment for opioid and heroin abuse. Sec. 409. Pilot programs. Sec. 410. Ensuring supervision of released sexually dangerous persons. Sec. 411. Data collection. Sec. 412. Healthcare products. Sec. 413. Prison rape elimination standards auditors. Sec. 414. Adult and juvenile collaboration programs. TITLE I—RECIDIVISM REDUCTION 
SEC. 101. RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subchapter C the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER D—RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM ‘‘§ 3631. Duties of the Attorney General ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall carry out this subchapter in consulta-tion with— ‘‘(1) the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; ‘‘(2) the Director of the Administrative Of-fice of the United States Courts; ‘‘(3) the Director of the Office of Probation and Pretrial Services; ‘‘(4) the Director of the National Institute of Justice; and ‘‘(5) the Director of the National Institute of Corrections. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Attorney General shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the existing pris-oner risk and needs assessment systems in operation on the date of the enactment of the FIRST STEP Act; ‘‘(2) develop recommendations regarding evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams and productive activities in accord-ance with section 3633; ‘‘(3) conduct ongoing research and data analysis on— ‘‘(A) evidence-based recidivism reduction programs relating to the use of prisoner risk and needs assessment tools; ‘‘(B) the most effective and efficient uses of such programs; ‘‘(C) which evidence-based recidivism re-duction programs are the most effective at reducing recidivism, and the type, amount, and intensity of programming that most ef-fectively reduces the risk of recidivism; and ‘‘(D) products purchased by Federal agen-cies that are manufactured overseas and could be manufactured by prisoners partici-pating in a prison work program without re-ducing job opportunities for other workers in the United States; ‘‘(4) on an annual basis, review and vali-date the risk and needs assessment system, which review shall include— ‘‘(A) any subsequent changes to the risk and needs assessment system made after the date of the enactment of this subchapter; ‘‘(B) the recommendations developed under paragraph (2), using the research conducted under paragraph (3); ‘‘(C) an evaluation to ensure that the risk and needs assessment system bases the as-sessment of each prisoner’s risk of recidi-vism on indicators of progress, and of regres-sion that are dynamic and that can reason-ably be expected to change while in prison; ‘‘(D) statistical validation of any tools that the risk and needs assessment system uses; and ‘‘(E) an evaluation of the rates of recidi-vism among similarly classified prisoners to identify any unwarranted disparities, includ-ing disparities among similarly classified prisoners of different demographic groups, in such rates; ‘‘(5) make any revisions or updates to the risk and needs assessment system that the Attorney General determines appropriate pursuant to the review under paragraph (4), including updates to ensure that any dispari-ties identified in paragraph (4)(E) are reduce to the greatest extent possible; and ‘‘(6) report to Congress in accordance with section 3634. ‘‘§ 3632. Development of risk and needs as-sessment system ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the FIRST STEP Act, the Attorney General shall de-velop and release a risk and needs assess-ment system (referred to in this subchapter as the ‘System’), which shall be used to— ‘‘(1) determine the recidivism risk of each prisoner as part of the intake process, and classify each prisoner as having minimum, low, medium, or high risk for recidivism; ‘‘(2) assess and determine, to the extent practicable, the risk of violent or serious misconduct of each prisoner; ‘‘(3) determine the type, amount, and in-tensity of evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programs that are appropriate for each prisoner and assign each prisoner to such programs accordingly, and based on the pris-oner’s specific criminogenic needs, and in ac-cordance with subsection (b); ‘‘(4) reassess the recidivism risk of each prisoner periodically and reassign the pris-oner to appropriate evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programs or productive ac-tivities based on the revised determination to ensurse that— ‘‘(A) all prisoners at each risk level have a meaningful opportunity to reduce their clas-sification during the period of incarceration; ‘‘(B) to address the specific criminogenic needs of the prisoner; and ‘‘(C) all prisoners are able to successfully participate in such programs; ‘‘(5) determine when to provide incentives and rewards for successful participation in evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams or productive activities in accordance with subsection (e); and ‘‘(6) determine when a prisoner is ready to transfer into prerelease custody in accord-ance with section 3624(c). In carrying out this subsection, the Attorney General may use existing risk and needs as-sessment tools, as appropriate. ‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF EVIDENCE -BASED RE-
CIDIVISM REDUCTION PROGRAMS .—The System shall provide guidance on the type, amount, and intensity of evidence-based recidivism reduction programming and productive ac-tivities that shall be assigned for each pris-oner, including— ‘‘(1) programs in which the Bureau of Pris-ons shall assign the prisoner to participate, according to the prisoner’s specific criminogenic needs; and ‘‘(2) information on the best ways that the Bureau of Prisons can tailor the programs to the specific criminogenic needs of each pris-oner so as to most effectively lower each prisoner’s risk of recidivism. ‘‘(c) H
OUSING AND ASSIGNMENT DECISIONS .— The System shall provide guidance on pro-gram grouping and housing assignment de-terminations and, after accounting for the safety of each prisoner and other individuals at the prison, provide that prisoners with a similar risk level be grouped together in housing and assignment decisions to the ex-tent practicable. ‘‘(d) E
VIDENCE -BASED RECIDIVISM REDUC -
TION PROGRAM INCENTIVES AND PRODUCTIVE  A
CTIVITIES REWARDS .—The System shall pro-vide incentives and rewards for prisoners to participate in and complete evidence-based recidivism reduction programs as follows: ‘‘(1) PHONE AND VISITATION PRIVILEGES .—A prisoner who is successfully participating in an evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-gram shall receive— ‘‘(A) phone privileges, or, if available, video conferencing privileges, for up to 30 minutes per day, and up to 510 minutes per month; and ‘‘(B) additional time for visitation at the prison, as determined by the warden of the prison. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER TO INSTITUTION CLOSER TO  
RELEASE RESIDENCE .—A prisoner who is suc-cessfully participating in an evidence-based recidivism reduction program shall be con-sidered by the Bureau of Prisons for place-ment in a facility closer to the prisoner’s re-lease residence upon request from the pris-oner and subject to— ‘‘(A) bed availability at the transfer facil-ity; ‘‘(B) the prisoner’s security designation; and ‘‘(C) the recommendation from the warden of the prison at which the prisoner is incar-cerated at the time of making the request. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL POLICIES .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall develop addi-tional policies to provide appropriate incen-tives for successful participation and com-pletion of evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programming. Such incentives shall in-clude not less than two of the following: ‘‘(A) Increased commissary spending limits and product offerings. ‘‘(B) Extended opportunities to access the email system. ‘‘(C) Consideration of transfer to preferred housing units (including transfer to different prison facilities). ‘‘(D) Other incentives solicited from pris-oners and determined appropriate by the Di-rector. ‘‘(4) T
IME CREDITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A prisoner, except for an ineligible prisoner under subparagraph (D), who successfully completes evidence-based recidivism reduction programming or pro-ductive activities, shall earn time credits as follows: ‘‘(i) A prisoner shall earn 10 days of time credits for every 30 days of successful par-ticipation in evidence-based recidivism re-duction programming or productive activi-ties. ‘‘(ii) A prisoner determined by the Bureau of Prisons to be at a minimum or low risk for recidivating, who, over two consecutive assessments, has not increased their risk of recidivism, shall earn an additional 5 days of time credits for every 30 days of successful participation in evidence-based recidivism reduction programming or productive activi-ties. ‘‘(B) A
VAILABILITY .—A prisoner may not earn time credits under this paragraph for an evidence-based recidivism reduction program that the prisoner successfully completed— ‘‘(i) prior to the date of the enactment of this Act; ‘‘(ii) during official detention prior to the date that the prisoner’s sentence commences under section 3585(a); or ‘‘(iii) if that prisoner is an inadmissible or deportable alien under the immigration laws (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)). ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION OF TIME CREDITS TOWARD  
PRE-RELEASE CUSTODY .—Time credits earned under this paragraph by prisoners who suc-cessfully participate in recidivism reduction programs or productive activities and who have been determined to be at minimum risk or low risk for recidivating pursuant to their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2520 May 7, 2018 
last two reassessments shall be applied to-ward time in pre-release custody. The Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons shall transfer prisoners described in this subparagraph into prerelease custody, except that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons may deny such a transfer if the warden of the prison finds by clear and convincing evidence that the pris-oner should not be transferred into prerelease custody based only on evidence of the prisoner’s actions after the conviction of such prisoner and not based on evidence from the underlying conviction, and submits a de-tailed written statement regarding such finding to the Director of the Bureau of Pris-ons. ‘‘(D) I
NELIGIBLE PRISONERS .—A prisoner is ineligible to receive time credits under this paragraph if the prisoner is service a sen-tence for a conviction under any of the fol-lowing provisions of law: ‘‘(i) Section 113(a)(1), relating to assault with intent to commit murder. ‘‘(ii) Section 115, relating to influencing, impeding, or retaliating against a Federal official by injuring a family member, except for a threat made in violation of that sec-tion. ‘‘(iii) Any section of chapter 10, relating to biological weapons. ‘‘(iv) Any section of chapter 11B, relating to chemical weapons. ‘‘(v) Section 351, relating to Congressional, Cabinet, and Supreme Court assassination, kidnapping, and assault. ‘‘(vi) Section 793, relating to gathering, transmitting, or losing defense information. ‘‘(vii) Section 794, relating to gathering or delivering defense information to aid a for-eign government. ‘‘(viii) Any section of chapter 39, relating to explosives and other dangerous articles, except for section 836 (relating to the trans-portation of fireworks into a State prohib-iting sale or use). ‘‘(ix) Section 842(p), relating to distribu-tion of information relating to explosive, de-structive devices, and weapons of mass de-struction, but only if the conviction involved a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c)(2) of such title). ‘‘(x) Subsection (f)(3), (h), or (i) of section 844, relating to the use of fire or an explo-sive. ‘‘(xi) Section 924(e), relating to unlawful possession of a firearm by a person with 3 or more convictions for a violent felony. ‘‘(xii) Section 1030(a)(1), relating to fraud and related activity in connection with com-puters. ‘‘(xiii) Any section of chapter 51, relating to homicide, except for section 1112 (relating to manslaughter), 1113 (relating to attempt to commit murder or manslaughter, but only if the conviction was for an attempt to com-mit manslaughter), 1115 (relating to mis-conduct or neglect of ship officers), or 1122 (relating to protection against the human immunodeficiency virus). ‘‘(xiv) Any section of chapter 55, relating to kidnapping. ‘‘(xv) Any offense under chapter 77, relat-ing to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons, except for sections 1592 through 1596. ‘‘(xvi) Section 1751, relating to Presidential and Presidential staff assassination, kidnap-ping, and assault. ‘‘(xvii) Section 1841(a)(2)(C), relating to in-tentionally killing or attempting to kill an unborn child. ‘‘(xviii) Section 1992, relating to terrorist attacks and other violence against railroad carriers and against mass transportation systems on land, on water, or through the air. ‘‘(xix) Section 2113(e), relating to bank rob-bery resulting in death. ‘‘(xx) Section 2118(c)(2), relating to rob-beries and burglaries involving controlled substances resulting in death. ‘‘(xxi) Section 2119(3), relating to taking a motor vehicle (commonly referred to as ‘carjacking’) that results in death. ‘‘(xxii) Any section of chapter 105, relating to sabotage, except for section 2152. ‘‘(xxiii) Any section of chapter 109A, relat-ing to sexual abuse, except that with regard to section 2244, only a conviction under sub-section (c) of that section (relating to abu-sive sexual contact involving young chil-dren) shall make a prisoner ineligible under this subparagraph. ‘‘(xxiv) Section 2251, relating to the sexual exploitation of children. ‘‘(xxv) Section 2251A, relating to the sell-ing or buying of children. ‘‘(xxvi) Any of paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 2252(a), relating to certain activities relating to material involving the sexual ex-ploitation of minors. ‘‘(xxvii) A second or subsequent conviction under any of paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 2252A(a), relating to certain activi-ties relating to material constituting or con-taining child pornography. ‘‘(xxviii) Section 2260, relating to the pro-duction of sexually explicit depictions of a minor for importation into the United States. ‘‘(xxix) Section 2283, relating to the trans-portation of explosive, biological, chemical, or radioactive or nuclear materials. ‘‘(xxx) Section 2284, relating to the trans-portation of terrorists. ‘‘(xxxi) Section 2291, relating to the de-struction of a vessel or maritime facility, but only if the conduct which led to the con-viction involved a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(xxxii) Any section of chapter 113B, relat-ing to terrorism. ‘‘(xxxiii) Section 2340A, relating to torture. ‘‘(xxxiv) Section 2381, relating to treason. ‘‘(xxxv) Section 2442, relating to the re-cruitment or use of child soldiers. ‘‘(xxxvi) Section 57(b) of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)), relating to the engagement or participation in the de-velopment or production of special nuclear material. ‘‘(xxxvii) Section 92 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2122), relating to prohi-bitions governing atomic weapons. ‘‘(xxxviii) Section 101 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2131), relating to the atomic energy license requirement. ‘‘(xxxix) Section 224 or 225 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2274, 2275), re-lating to the communication or receipt of re-stricted data. ‘‘(xl) Section 236 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2284), relating to the sabo-tage of nuclear facilities or fuel. ‘‘(xli) Section 60123(b) of title 49, United States Code, relating to damaging or de-stroying a pipeline facility, but only if the conduct which led to the conviction involved a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(xlii) Section 401(a) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 841), relating to manu-facturing or distributing a controlled sub-stance, but only in the case of a conviction for an offense described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(1) of that section for which death or serious bodily injury re-sulted from the use of such substance. ‘‘(xliii) Section 276(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326), relating to the reentry of a removed alien, but only if the alien is described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) of that section. ‘‘(xliv) Any section of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.) ‘‘(xlv) Section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705). ‘‘(xlvi) Section 601 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3121), relating to the protection of identities of certain United States undercover intelligence officers, agents, informants, and sources. ‘‘(xlvii) An offense described in section 3559(c)(2)(F), for which the offender was sen-tenced to a term of imprisonment of more than one year, if the offender has a previous conviction, for which the offender served a term of imprisonment of more than one year, for a Federal or State offense, by whatever designation and wherever committed, con-sisting of murder (as described in section 1111), voluntary manslaughter (as described in section 1112), assault with intent to com-mit murder (as described in section 113(a)), aggravated sexual abuse and sexual abuse (as described in sections 2241 and 2242), abusive sexual contact (as described in sections 2244(a)(1) and (a)(2)), kidnapping (as de-scribed in chapter 55), carjacking (as de-scribed in section 2119), arson (as described in section 844(f)(3), (h), or (i)), or terrorism (as described in chapter 113B). ‘‘(5) R
ISK REASSESSMENTS AND LEVEL AD -
JUSTMENT .—A prisoner who successfully par-ticipates in evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programming or productive activities shall receive periodic risk reassessments not less often than annually, and a prisoner de-termined to be at a medium or high risk of recidivating and who has less than 5 years until his or her projected release date shall receive more frequent risk reassessments. If the reassessment shows that the prisoner’s risk of recidivating or specific needs have changed, the Bureau of Prisons shall update the determination of the prisoner’s risk of recidivating or information regarding the prisoner’s specific needs and reassign the prisoner to appropriate evidence-based re-cidivism reduction programming or produc-tive activities based on such changes. ‘‘(6) R
ELATION TO OTHER INCENTIVE PRO -
GRAMS .—The incentives described in this subsection shall be in addition to any other rewards or incentives for which a prisoner may be eligible. ‘‘(xx) Section 2118(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code, relating to robberies and bur-glaries involving controlled substances re-sulting in death. ‘‘(e) P
ENALTIES .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall develop guidelines for the reduction of rewards and incentives earned under subsection (e) for prisoners who violate prison rules or evidence-based recidi-vism reduction program or productive activ-ity rules, which shall provide— ‘‘(1) general levels of violations and result-ing reductions; ‘‘(2) that any reduction that includes the loss of time credits shall require written no-tice to the prisoner, shall be limited to time credits that a prisoner earned as of the date of the prisoner’s rule violation, and shall not include any future time credits that the pris-oner may earn; and ‘‘(3) for a procedure to restore time credits that a prisoner lost as a result of a rule vio-lation based on the prisoner’s individual progress after the date of the rule violation. ‘‘(f) B
UREAU OF PRISONS TRAINING .—The At- torney General shall develop and implement training programs for Bureau of Prisons offi-cers and employees responsible for admin-istering the System, which shall include— ‘‘(1) initial training to educate officers and employees on how to use the System in an appropriate and consistent manner, as well as the reasons for using the System; ‘‘(2) continuing education; ‘‘(3) periodic training updates; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2521 May 7, 2018 
‘‘(4) a requirement that such officers and employees demonstrate competence in ad-ministering the System, including interrater reliability, on a biannual basis. ‘‘(g) Q
UALITY ASSURANCE .—In order to en-sure that the Bureau of Prisons is using the System in an appropriate and consistent manner, the Attorney General shall monitor and assess the use of the System, which shall include conducting annual audits of the Bu-reau of Prisons regarding the use of the Sys-tem. ‘‘§ 3633. Evidence-based recidivism reduction program and recommendations ‘‘Prior to releasing the System, the Attor-ney General shall— ‘‘(1) review the effectiveness of evidence- based recidivism reduction programs that exist as of the date of the enactment of this subchapter in prisons operated by the Bu-reau of Prisons; ‘‘(2) review available information regard-ing the effectiveness of evidence-based re-cidivism reduction programs and productive activities that exist in State-operated pris-ons throughout the United States; ‘‘(3) identify the most effective evidence- based recidivism reduction programs; ‘‘(4) review the policies for entering into evidence-based recidivism reduction partner-ships described in section 3621(h)(5); and ‘‘(5) direct the Bureau of Prisons regard-ing— ‘‘(A) evidence-based recidivism reduction programs; ‘‘(B) the ability for faith-based organiza-tions to function as a provider of educational evidence-based programs outside of the reli-gious classes and services provided through the Chaplaincy; and ‘‘(C) the addition of any new effective evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs that the Attorney General finds. ‘‘§ 3634. Report ‘‘Beginning on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this sub-chapter, and annually thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives and the Subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives that con-tains the following: ‘‘(1) A summary of the activities and ac-complishments of the Attorney General in carrying out this Act. ‘‘(2) A summary and assessment of the types and effectiveness of the evidence-based recidivism reduction programs and produc-tive activities in prisons operated by the Bu-reau of Prisons, including— ‘‘(A) evidence about which programs have been shown to reduce recidivism; ‘‘(B) the capacity of each program and ac-tivity at each prison, including the number of prisoners along with the recidivism risk of each prisoner enrolled in each program; and ‘‘(C) identification of any gaps or shortages in capacity of such programs and activities. ‘‘(3) Rates of recidivism among individuals who have been released from Federal prison, based on the following criteria: ‘‘(A) The primary offense of conviction. ‘‘(B) The length of the sentence imposed and served. ‘‘(C) The Bureau of Prisons facility or fa-cilities in which the prisoner’s sentence was served. ‘‘(D) The evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programming that the prisoner success-fully completed, if any. ‘‘(E) The prisoner’s assessed and reassessed risk of recidivism. ‘‘(F) The productive activities that the prisoner successfully completed, if any. ‘‘(4) The status of prison work programs at facilities operated by the Bureau of Prisons, including— ‘‘(A) a strategy to expand the availability of such programs without reducing job op-portunities for workers in the United States who are not in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, including the feasibility of prisoners manufacturing products purchased by Fed-eral agencies that are manufactured over-seas; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the feasibility of ex-panding such programs, consistent with the strategy required under subparagraph (A), with the goal that 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, not less than 75 per-cent of eligible minimum and low risk of-fenders have the opportunity to participate in a prison work program for not less than 20 hours per week; and ‘‘(C) a detailed discussion of legal authori-ties that would be useful or necessary to achieve the goals described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(5) An assessment of the Bureau of Pris-ons’ compliance with section 3621(h). ‘‘(6) An assessment of progress made to-ward carrying out the purposes of this sub-chapter, including any savings associated with— ‘‘(A) the transfer of prisoners into prerelease custody under section 3624(g) in-cluding savings resulting from the avoidance or deferral of future construction, acquisi-tion, and operations costs; and ‘‘(B) any decrease in recidivism that may be attributed to the System or the increase in evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams required under chapter. ‘‘(7) Recommendations for how to reinvest any savings into other Federal, State, and local law enforcement activities and evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs in the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘§ 3635. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter the following defini-tions apply: ‘‘(1) E
VIDENCE -BASED RECIDIVISM REDUCTION  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘evidence-based recidi-vism reduction program’ means either a group or individual activity that— ‘‘(A) has been shown by empirical evidence to reduce recidivism or is based on research indicating that it is likely to be effective in reducing recidivism; ‘‘(B) is designed to help prisoners succeed in their communities upon release from pris-on; and ‘‘(C) may include— ‘‘(i) social learning and communication, interpersonal, anti-bullying, rejection re-sponse, and other life skills; ‘‘(ii) family relationship building, struc-tured parent-child interaction, and parenting skills; ‘‘(iii) classes on morals or ethics; ‘‘(iv) academic classes; ‘‘(v) cognitive behavioral treatment; ‘‘(vi) mentoring; ‘‘(vii) substance abuse treatment; ‘‘(viii) vocational training; ‘‘(ix) faith-based classes or services; ‘‘(x) civic engagement and reintegrative community services; ‘‘(xi) a prison job, including through a pris-on work program; ‘‘(xii) victim impact classes or other re-storative justice programs; and ‘‘(xiii) trauma counseling and trauma-in-formed support programs. ‘‘(2) P
RISONER .—The term ‘prisoner’ means a person who has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for a Federal criminal offense, or a person in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘(3) R
ISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT TOOL .— The term ‘risk and needs assessment tool’ means an objective and statistically vali-dated method through which information is collected and evaluated to determine— ‘‘(A) the risk that a prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison; and ‘‘(B) the recidivism reduction programs that will best minimize the risk that the prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison. ‘‘(4) PRODUCTIVE ACTIVITY .—The term ‘pro-ductive activity’ means either a group or in-dividual activity that is designed to allow prisoners determined as having a low or no risk of recidivating to remain productive and thereby maintain a minimum or low risk of recidivating, and may include the delivery of the programs described in paragraph (1) to other prisoners.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER D — RISK AND NEEDS  
ASSESSMENT SYSTEM  ‘‘3631. Duties of the Attorney General. ‘‘3632. Development of risk and needs assess-ment system. ‘‘3633. Evidence-based recidivism reduction program and recommendations. ‘‘3634. Report. ‘‘3635. Definitions.’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPLEMENTATION OF SYSTEM AND RECOMMENDATIONS BY BUREAU OF PRISONS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF SYSTEM GEN-
ERALLY .—Section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) I
MPLEMENTATION OF RISK AND NEEDS  A
SSESSMENT SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the Attorney General completes and re-leases the risk and needs assessment system (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Sys-tem’) developed under subchapter D, the Di-rector of the Bureau of Prisons shall, in ac-cordance with that subchapter— ‘‘(A) implement and complete the initial intake risk and needs assessment for each prisoner (including for each prisoner who was a prisoner prior the effective date of this subsection), regardless of the prisoner’s length of imposed term of imprisonment, and begin to assign prisoners to appropriate evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs based on that determination; ‘‘(B) begin to expand the effective evi-dence-based recidivism reduction programs and productive activities it offers and add any new evidence-based recidivism reduction programs and productive activities nec-essary to effectively implement the System; and ‘‘(C) begin to implement the other risk and needs assessment tools necessary to effec-tively implement the System over time, while prisoners are participating in and com-pleting the effective evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programs and productive ac-tivities. ‘‘(2) P
HASE -IN.—In order to carry out para-graph (1), so that every prisoner has the op-portunity to participate in and complete the type, amount, and intensity of evidence- based recidivism reduction programs or pro-ductive activities they need, and be reas-sessed for recidivism risk as necessary to ef-fectively implement the System, the Bureau of Prisons shall— ‘‘(A) provide such evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programs and productive ac-tivities for all prisoners before the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Bureau of Prisons completes a risk and needs assess-ment for each prisoner under paragraph (1)(A); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2522 May 7, 2018 
‘‘(B) develop and validate the risk and needs assessment tool to be used in the reas-sessments of risk of recidivism, while pris-oners are participating in and completing evidence-based recidivism reduction pro-grams and productive activities. ‘‘(3) P
RIORITY DURING PHASE -IN.—During the 2-year period described in paragraph (2)(A), the priority for such programs and ac-tivities shall be accorded based on a pris-oner’s proximity to release date. ‘‘(4) P
RELIMINARY EXPANSION OF EVIDENCE - 
BASED RECIDIVISM REDUCTION PROGRAMS AND  
AUTHORITY TO USE INCENTIVES .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of the Prison Re-form and Redemption Act, the Bureau of Prisons may begin to expand any evidence- based recidivism reduction programs and productive activities that exist at a prison as of such date, and may offer to prisoners who successfully participate in such programs and activities the incentives and rewards de-scribed in subchapter D. ‘‘(5) R
ECIDIVISM REDUCTION PARTNERSHIPS .— In order to expand evidence-based recidivism reduction programs and productive activi-ties, the Attorney General shall develop poli-cies for the warden of each prison of the Bu-reau of Prisons to enter into partnerships, subject to the availability of appropriations, with any of the following: ‘‘(A) Nonprofit and other private organiza-tions, including faith-based, art, and commu-nity-based organizations that will deliver re-cidivism reduction programming on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(B) Institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001) that will deliver instruction on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(C) Private entities that will— ‘‘(i) deliver vocational training and certifi-cations; ‘‘(ii) provide equipment to facilitate voca-tional training or employment opportunities for prisoners; ‘‘(iii) employ prisoners; or ‘‘(iv) assist prisoners in prerelease custody or supervised release in finding employment. ‘‘(D) Industry-sponsored organizations that will deliver workforce development and training, on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(6) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE PROGRAMS TO  
ALL PRISONERS ; PRIORITY .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall provide all pris-oners with the opportunity actively partici-pate in evidence-based recidivism reduction programs or productive activities, according to their specific criminogenic needs, throughout their entire term of incarcer-ation. Priority for participation in recidi-vism reduction programs shall be given to medium-risk and high-risk prisoners, with access to productive activities given to min-imum-risk and low-risk prisoners. ‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—The terms in this sub-section have the meaning given those terms in section 3635.’’. (b) P
RERELEASE CUSTODY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3624 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘, beyond the time served, of up to 54 days at the end of each year of the prisoner’s term of imprisonment, beginning at the end of the first year of the term,’’ and inserting ‘‘of up to 54 days for each year of the prisoner’s sentence imposed by the court,’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘credit for the last year or portion of a year of the term of imprison-ment shall be prorated and credited within the last six weeks of the sentence’’ and in-serting ‘‘credit for the last year of a term of imprisonment shall be credited on the first day of the last year of the term of imprison-ment’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) PRERELEASE CUSTODY FOR RISK AND  N
EEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE PRISONERS .—This subsection applies in the case of a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 3635) who— ‘‘(A) has earned time credits under the risk and needs assessment system developed under subchapter D (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘System’) in an amount that is equal to the remainder of the prisoner’s im-posed term of imprisonment; ‘‘(B) has shown through the periodic risk reassessments a demonstrated recidivism risk reduction or has maintained a minimum or low recidivism risk, during the prisoner’s term of imprisonment; ‘‘(C) has been classified by the warden of the prison as otherwise qualified to be trans-ferred into prerelease custody; and ‘‘(D)(i) has been determined under the Sys-tem to be a minimum or low risk to recidivate; or ‘‘(ii) has had a petition to be transferred to prerelease custody approved by the warden of the prison, after the warden’s determina-tion that— ‘‘(I) the prisoner would not be a danger to society if transferred to prerelease custody; ‘‘(II) the prisoner has made a good faith ef-fort to lower their recidivism risk through participation in recidivism reduction pro-grams or productive activities; ‘‘(III) the prisoner is unlikely to recidivate; and ‘‘(IV) the transfer of the prisoner to prerelease custody is otherwise appropriate. ‘‘(2) T
YPES OF PRERELEASE CUSTODY .—A prisoner shall be placed in prerelease cus-tody as follows: ‘‘(A) H
OME CONFINEMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A prisoner placed in prerelease custody pursuant to this sub-section who is placed in home confinement shall— ‘‘(I) be subject to 24-hour electronic moni-toring that enables the prompt identification of any violation of subclause (II); ‘‘(II) remain in the prisoner’s residence, ex-cept that the prisoner may leave the pris-oner’s home in order to, subject to the ap-proval of the Director of the Bureau of Pris-ons— ‘‘(aa) perform a job or job-related activi-ties, including an apprenticeship, or partici-pate in job-seeking activities; ‘‘(bb) participate in evidence-based recidi-vism reduction programming or productive activities assigned by the System, or similar activities; ‘‘(cc) perform community service; ‘‘(dd) participate in crime victim restora-tion activities; ‘‘(ee) receive medical treatment; or ‘‘(ff) attend religious activities; and ‘‘(III) comply with such other conditions as the Director determines appropriate. ‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATE MEANS OF MONITORING .—If the electronic monitoring of a prisoner de-scribed in clause (i)(I) is infeasible for tech-nical or religious reasons, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons may use alternative means of monitoring a prisoner placed in home confinement that the Director deter-mines are as effective or more effective than the electronic monitoring described in clause (i)(I). ‘‘(iii) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons may modify the conditions described in clause (i) if the Director deter-mines that a compelling reason exists to do so, and that the prisoner has demonstrated exemplary compliance with such conditions. ‘‘(iv) D
URATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), a prisoner who is placed in home confinement shall remain in home con-finement until the prisoner has served not less than 85 percent of the prisoner’s imposed term of imprisonment. ‘‘(B) RESIDENTIAL REENTRY CENTER .—A prisoner placed in prerelease custody pursu-ant to this subsection who is placed at a resi-dential reentry center shall be subject to such conditions as the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION OF CONDITIONS .—In de- termining appropriate conditions for pris-oners placed in prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection, the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall, to the extent prac-ticable, provide that increasingly less re-strictive conditions shall be imposed on pris-oners who demonstrate continued compli-ance with the conditions of such prerelease custody, so as to most effectively prepare such prisoners for reentry. ‘‘(4) V
IOLATIONS OF CONDITIONS .—If a pris- oner violates a condition of the prisoner’s prerelease custody, the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons may impose such additional conditions on the prisoner’s prerelease cus-tody as the Director of the Bureau of Prisons determines appropriate, or revoke the pris-oner’s prerelease custody and require the prisoner to serve the remainder of the term of imprisonment to which the prisoner was sentenced, or any portion thereof, in prison. ‘‘(5) I
SSUANCE OF GUIDELINES .—The Attor-ney General, in consultation with the Assist-ant Director for the Office of Probation and Pretrial Services, shall issue guidelines, for use by the Bureau of Prisons in deter-mining— ‘‘(A) the appropriate type of prerelease cus-tody and level of supervision for a prisoner placed on prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection; and ‘‘(B) consequences for a violation of a con-dition of such prerelease custody by such a prisoner, including a return to prison and a reassessment of evidence-based recidivism risk level under the System. ‘‘(6) A
GREEMENTS WITH UNITED STATES PRO -
BATION AND PRETRIAL SERVICES .—The Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons shall, to the greatest extent practicable, enter into agree-ments with United States Probation and Pretrial Services to supervise prisoners placed in home confinement or community supervision under this subsection. Such agreements shall— ‘‘(A) authorize United States Probation and Pretrial Services to exercise the author-ity granted to the Director pursuant to para-graphs (3) and (4); and ‘‘(B) take into account the resource re-quirements of United States Probation and Pretrial Services as a result of the transfer of Bureau of Prisons prisoners to prerelease custody. ‘‘(7) A
SSISTANCE .—United States Probation and Pretrial Services shall, to the greatest extent practicable, offer assistance to any prisoner not under its supervision during prerelease custody under this subsection. ‘‘(8) M
ENTORING SERVICES .—Any prerelease custody into which a prisoner is placed under this subsection may not include a condition prohibiting the prisoner from receiving men-toring services from a person who provided such services to the prisoner while the pris-oner was incarcerated, except that the war-den of the facility at which the prisoner was incarcerated may waive the requirement under this paragraph if the warden finds that the provision of such services would pose a significant security risk to the prisoner, per-sons who provide such services, or any other person. The warden shall provide written no-tice of any such waiver to the person pro-viding mentoring services and to the pris-oner. ‘‘(9) T
IME LIMITS INAPPLICABLE .—The time limits under subsections (b) and (c) shall not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2523 May 7, 2018 
apply to prerelease custody under this sub-section. ‘‘(h) A
LIEN PRISONERS SUBJECT TO DEPOR -
TATION .—If a prisoner who is placed in prerelease custody is an alien whose deporta-tion was ordered as a condition of such prerelease custody or who is subject to a de-tainer filed by United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement for the purposes of determining the alien’s deportability, United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement shall take custody of the alien upon the alien’s transfer to prerelease cus-tody.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect be-ginning on the date that the Attorney Gen-eral completes and releases the risk and needs assessment system under subchapter D of chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 103. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 2 years after the Director of the Bureau of Prisons implements the risk and needs assessment system under section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, and every 2 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the use of the risk and needs assessment system at Bureau of Prisons facilities. The audit shall include analysis of the following: (1) Whether inmates are being assessed under the risk and needs assessment system with the frequency required under such sec-tion 3621. (2) Whether the Bureau of Prisons is able to offer recidivism reduction programs and productive activities (as such terms are de-fined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code). (3) Whether the Bureau of Prisons is offer-ing the type, amount, and intensity of recidvism reduction programs and produc-tive activities for prisoners to earn the max-imum amount of time credits for which they are eligible. (4) Whether the Attorney General is car-rying out the duties under section 3631(b) of title 18, United States Code. (5) Whether officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons are receiving the training described in section 3236(f) of title 18, United States Code. (6) Whether the Bureau of Prisons offers work assignments to all prisoners who might benefit from such an assignment. (7) Whether the Bureau of Prisons transfers prisoners to prerelease custody as soon as they are eligible for such a transfer under section 3624(g) of title 18, United States Code. (8) The rates of recidivism among similarly classified prisoners to identify any unwar-ranted disparities, including disparities among similarly classified prisoners of dif-ferent demographic groups, in such rates. 
SEC. 104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Of the amount appropriated under this subsection, 80 percent shall be re-served for use by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to implement the system under section 102 and the amendments made by that section. (b) S
AVINGS .—Any savings associated with reductions in recidivism that result from this title should be reinvested— (1) into evidence-based recidivism reduc-tion programs offered by the Bureau of Pris-ons; and (2) ensuring eligible prisoners have access to such programs and productive activities offered by the Bureau of Prisons. 
SEC. 105. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to pro-vide authority to place a prisoner in prerelease custFody who is serving a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for an offense under the laws of one of the 50 States, or of a territory or possession of the United States. TITLE II—BUREAU OF PRISONS SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self- Protection Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4050. Secure firearms storage ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ means a qualified law enforcement officer employed by the Bu-reau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) the terms ‘firearm’ and ‘qualified law enforcement officer’ have the meanings given those terms under section 926B. ‘‘(b) S
ECURE FIREARMS STORAGE .—The Di- rector of the Bureau of Prisons shall ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution— ‘‘(1)(A) provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the institution for employees to store firearms; or ‘‘(B) allows employees to store firearms in a vehicle lockbox approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) notwithstanding any other provision of law, allows employees to carry concealed firearms on the premises outside of the se-cure perimeter of the institution.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4050. Secure firearms storage.’’. TITLE III—RESTRAINTS ON PREGNANT PRISONERS PROHIBITED 
SEC. 301. USE OF RESTRAINTS ON PRISONERS DURING THE PERIOD OF PREG-NANCY AND POSTPARTUM RECOV-ERY PROHIBITED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 317 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 4321 the following: ‘‘§ 4322. Use of restraints on prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery prohibited ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), beginning on the date on which pregnancy is confirmed by a healthcare professional, and ending at the conclusion of postpartum recovery, a pris-oner in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, or in the custody of the United States Mar-shals Service pursuant to section 4086, shall not be placed in restraints. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply if— ‘‘(A) an appropriate corrections official, or a United States marshal, as applicable, makes a determination that the prisoner— ‘‘(i) is an immediate and credible flight risk that cannot reasonably be prevented by other means; or ‘‘(ii) poses an immediate and serious threat of harm to herself or others that cannot rea-sonably be prevented by other means; or ‘‘(B) a health care professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner de-termines that the use of restraints is appro-priate for the medical safety of the prisoner. ‘‘(2) L
EAST RESTRICTIVE RESTRAINTS .—In the case that restraints are used pursuant to an exception under paragraph (1), only the least restrictive restraints necessary to pre-vent the harm or risk of escape described in paragraph (1) may be used. ‘‘(3) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The exceptions under paragraph (1) may not be applied— ‘‘(i) to place restraints around the ankles, legs, or waist of a prisoner; ‘‘(ii) to restrain a prisoner’s hands behind her back; ‘‘(iii) to restrain a prisoner using four- point restraints; or ‘‘(iv) to attach a prisoner to another pris-oner. ‘‘(B) M
EDICAL REQUEST .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), upon the request of a healthcare professional who is responsible for the health and safety of a prisoner, a cor-rections official or United States marshal, as applicable, shall refrain from using re-straints on the prisoner or remove restraints used on the prisoner. ‘‘(c) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT TO THE DIRECTOR AND  
HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL .—If a corrections official or United States marshal uses re-straints on a prisoner under subsection (b)(1), that official or marshal shall submit, not later than 30 days after placing the pris-oner in restraints, to the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons or the Director of the United States Marshals Service, as applicable, and to the healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner, a writ-ten report which describes the facts and cir-cumstances surrounding the use of re-straints, and includes— ‘‘(A) the reasoning upon which the deter-mination to use restraints was made; ‘‘(B) the details of the use of restraints, in-cluding the type of restraints used and length of time during which restraints were used; and ‘‘(C) any resulting physical effects on the prisoner observed by or known to the correc-tions official or United States marshal, as applicable. ‘‘(2) S
UPPLEMENTAL REPORT TO THE DIREC -
TOR.—Upon receipt of a report under sub-section (c)(1), the healthcare professional re-sponsible for the health and safety of the prisoner may submit to the Director such in-formation as the healthcare professional de-termines is relevant to the use of restraints on the prisoner. ‘‘(3) R
EPORT TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons and the Director of the United States Marshals Service shall each submit to the Judiciary Committee of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report that certifies compliance with this section and includes the information re-quired to be reported under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) P
ERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMA -
TION.—The report under this paragraph shall not contain any personally identifiable in-formation of any prisoner. ‘‘(d) N
OTICE .—Not later than 48 hours after the confirmation of a prisoner’s pregnancy by a health care professional, that prisoner shall be notified by an appropriate health care professional, corrections official, or United States marshal, as applicable, of the restrictions on the use of restraints under this section. ‘‘(e) V
IOLATION REPORTING PROCESS .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons, in con-sultation with the Director of the United States Marshals Service, shall establish a process through which a prisoner may report a violation of this section. ‘‘(f) T
RAINING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons and the Director of the United States Marshals Service shall each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2524 May 7, 2018 
develop training guidelines regarding the use of restraints on female prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery, and shall incorporate such guide-lines into appropriate training programs. Such training guidelines shall include— ‘‘(A) how to identify certain symptoms of pregnancy that require immediate referral to a health care professional; ‘‘(B) circumstances under which the excep-tions under subsection (b) would apply; ‘‘(C) in the case that an exception under subsection (b) applies, how to apply re-straints in a way that does not harm the prisoner, the fetus, or the neonate; ‘‘(D) the information required to be re-ported under subsection (c); and ‘‘(E) the right of a health care professional to request that restraints not be used, and the requirement under subsection (b)(3)(B) to comply with such a request. ‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF GUIDELINES .—In de- veloping the guidelines required by para-graph (1), the Directors shall each consult with health care professionals with expertise in caring for women during the period of pregnancy and postpartum recovery. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) The term ‘postpartum recovery’ means the twelve-week period, or longer as deter-mined by the healthcare professional respon-sible for the health and safety of the pris-oner, following delivery, and shall include the entire period that the prisoner is in the hospital or infirmary. ‘‘(2) The term ‘restraints’ means any phys-ical or mechanical device used to control the movement of a prisoner’s body, limbs, or both. ‘‘(3) The term ‘prisoner’ means a person who has been sentenced to a term of impris-onment pursuant to a conviction for a Fed-eral criminal offense, or a person in the cus-tody of the Bureau of Prisons, including a person in a Bureau of Prisons contracted fa-cility.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 317 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 4321 the following: ‘‘4322. Use of restraints on prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery pro-hibited.’’. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS CRIMINAL JUSTICE 
SEC. 401. PLACEMENT OF PRISONERS CLOSE TO FAMILIES. 
Subsection (b) of section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘shall designate the place of the prisoner’s imprisonment.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall des-ignate the place of the prisoner’s imprison-ment, and shall, subject to bed availability, the prisoner’s security designation, the pris-oner’s programmatic needs, and the pris-oner’s mental and medical health needs, place the prisoner in a facility as close as practicable to the prisoner’s primary resi-dence, but, in any case, not more than 500 driving miles from the prisoner’s primary residence. Subject to bed availability and the prisoner’s security designation, the Bu-reau shall transfer prisoners to facilities that are closer to the prisoner’s primary res-idence even if the prisoner is already in a fa-cility within 500 driving miles of that resi-dence, unless the prisoner chooses to remain at his or her current facility.’’. 
SEC. 402. HOME CONFINEMENT FOR LOW RISK PRISONERS. 
Section 3624(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Bureau of Prisons shall, to the extent practicable, place prisoners with lower risk levels and lower needs on home confinement for the maximum amount of time permitted under this paragraph.’’. SEC. 403. FEDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIA-TIVE REAUTHORIZATION; MODIFICA-TION OF IMPOSED TERM OF IMPRIS-ONMENT. 
(a) F EDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIATIVE  R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 231(g) of the Sec-ond Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and eligible terminally ill offenders’’ after ‘‘elderly offenders’’ each place the term appears; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, upon written request from either the Bureau of Prisons or an eligible elderly offender or eligible terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘to home detention’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or eligi-ble terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘elderly of-fender’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘at least one Bureau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facilities’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and shall be carried out during fiscal years 2009 and 2010’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and shall be carried out during fiscal years 2019 through 2022’’; (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or eligible terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘each eligible elderly of-fender’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and eligible terminally ill offenders’’ after ‘‘eligible elderly offend-ers’’; and (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i), striking ‘‘65 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘60 years of age’’; (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘the greater of 10 years or’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘
2⁄3’’; and (iii) in clause (vii), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and begin-ning on the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Bureau of Prisons has completed the initial intake risk and needs assessment for each prisoner under section 3621(h)(1)(A) of title 18, United States Code, has been determined to have a minimum or low risk of recidivism based on 2 consecutive assessments described in such section 3621’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
LIGIBLE TERMINALLY ILL OFFENDER .— The term ‘eligible terminally ill offender’ means an offender in the custody of the Bu-reau of Prisons who— ‘‘(i) is serving a term of imprisonment based on conviction for an offense or offenses that do not include any crime of violence (as defined in section 16(a) of title 18, United States Code), sex offense (as defined in sec-tion 111(5) of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (34 U.S.C. 20911(5))), of-fense described in section 2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code, or offense under chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) satisfies the criteria specified in clauses (iii) through (vii) of subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(iii) has been determined by a medical doctor approved by the Bureau of Prisons to be— ‘‘(I) in need of care at a nursing home, in-termediate care facility, or assisted living facility, as those terms are defined in section 232 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715w); or ‘‘(II) diagnosed with a terminal illness.’’. (b) I
NCREASING THE USE AND TRANSPARENCY  
OFCOMPASSIONATE RELEASE .—Section 3582 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting after ‘‘Bu-reau of Prisons,’’ the following: ‘‘or, upon motion of the defendant after the defendant has fully exhausted all administrative rights to appeal a failure of the Bureau of Prisons to bring a motion on the defendant’s behalf or the lapse of 30 days from the receipt of such a request by the warden of the defend-ant’s facility, whichever is earlier,’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) T
ERMINAL ILLNESS DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘terminal illness’ means a disease or condition with an end-of-life tra-jectory. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Bureau of Prisons shall, subject to any applicable confiden-tiality requirements— ‘‘(A) in the case of a defendant diagnosed with a terminal illness— ‘‘(i) not later than 72 hours after the diag-nosis notify the defendant’s attorney, part-ner, and family members of the defendant’s condition and inform the defendant’s attor-ney, partner, and family members that they may prepare and submit on the defendant’s behalf a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) not later than 7 days after the date of the diagnosis, provide the defendant’s part-ner and family members (including extended family) with an opportunity to visit the de-fendant in person; ‘‘(iii) upon request from the defendant or his attorney, partner, or a family member, ensure that Bureau of Prisons employees as-sist the defendant in the preparation, draft-ing, and submission of a request for a sen-tence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A);and ‘‘(iv) not later than 14 days of receipt of a request for a sentence reduction submitted on the defendant’s behalf by the defendant or the defendant’s attorney, partner, or family member, process the request; ‘‘(B) in the case of a defendant who is phys-ically or mentally unable to submit a re-quest for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A)— ‘‘(i) inform the defendant’s attorney, part-ner, and family members that they may pre-pare and submit on the defendant’s behalf a request for a sentence reduction pursuant subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) accept and process a request for sen-tence reduction that has been prepared and submitted on the defendant’s behalf by the defendant’s attorney, partner, or family member under clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) upon request from the defendant or his attorney, partner, or family member, en-sure that Bureau of Prisons employees assist the defendant in the preparation, drafting, and submission of a request for a sentence reduction pursuant subsection (c)(1)(A); and ‘‘(C) ensure that all Bureau of Prisons fa-cilities regularly and visibly post, including in prisoner handbooks, staff training mate-rials, and facility law libraries and medical and hospice facilities, and make available to prisoners upon demand, notice of ‘‘(D) a defendant’s ability to request a sen-tence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(E) the procedures and timelines for initi-ating and resolving requests described in clause (i); and ‘‘(F) the right to appeal a denial of a re-quest described in clause (i) after all admin-istrative rights to appeal within the Bureau of Prisons have been exhausted. ‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, and once every year thereafter, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2525 May 7, 2018 
Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall sub-mit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report on requests for sentence reductions pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A), which shall include a description of, for the previous year— ‘‘(A) the number of prisoners granted and denied sentence reductions, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a re-duction in sentence; ‘‘(B) the number of requests initiated by or on behalf of prisoners, categorized by the cri-teria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(C) the number of requests which Bureau of Prisons employees assisted prisoners in drafting, preparing, or submitting, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence, and the final decision made in each request; ‘‘(D) the number of requests which attor-neys, partners, or family members submitted on a defendant’s behalf, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduc-tion in sentence, and the final decision made in each request; ‘‘(E) the number of requests approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(F) the number of requests denied by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons and the reasons given for each denial, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a re-duction in sentence; ‘‘(G) for each request, the time elapsed be-tween the date the request was received by the warden and the final decision, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(H) for each request, the number of pris-oners who died while their request was pend-ing and, for each, the amount of time that had elapsed between the date the request was received by the Bureau of Prisons, cat-egorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(I) the number of Bureau of Prisons noti-fications to attorneys, partners, and family members of their right to visit a terminally ill defendant as required under paragraph (2)(A)(ii) and, for each, whether a visit oc-curred and how much time elapsed between the notification and the visit; ‘‘(J) the number of visits to terminally ill prisoners that were denied by the Bureau of Prisons due to security or other concerns, and the reasons given for each denial; and ‘‘(K) the number of motions filed by de-fendants with the court after all administra-tive rights to appeal a denial of a sentence reduction had been exhausted, the outcome of each motion, and the time that had elapsed between the date the request was first received by the Bureau of Prisons and the date the defendant filed the motion with the court.’’. 
SEC. 404. IDENTIFICATION FOR RETURNING CITI-ZENS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION AND RELEASE ASSIST -
ANCE FOR FEDERAL PRISONERS .—Section 231(b) of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(including’’ and inserting ‘‘‘‘prior to release from a term of imprison-ment in a Federal prison or if the individual was not sentenced to a term of imprisonment in a Federal prison, prior to release from a sentence to a term in community confine-ment, including’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or a birth certificate) prior to release’’ and inserting ‘‘and a birth certificate’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘community confinement means’ resi-dence in a community treatment center, halfway house, restitution center, mental health facility, alcohol or drug rehabilita-tion center, or other community facility’’. (b) DUTIES OF THE BUREAU OF PRISONS .— Section 4042(a) of title 18 of the United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (D) as para-graph (6); (2) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘Social Security Cards,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (C) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) obtain identification, including a so-cial security card, driver’s license or other official photo identification, and a birth cer-tificate;’’. (D) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by inserting after ‘‘prior to release’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘from a sentence to a term of impris-onment in a Federal prison or if the indi-vidual was not sentenced to a term of impris-onment in a Federal prison, prior to release from a sentence to a term of community con-finement’’. 
SEC. 405. MISCELLANEOUS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 4351 of title 18, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4352 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘National Institu-tion of Corrections’’ and inserting ‘‘National Institute of Justice’’. (c) S
TRIKE RELATED TO FUNCTIONS OF THE  N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF CORRECTIONS .—The Department of Justice Appropriations Act, 1997 (Title I, Div. A, Public Law 104–208, 110 Stat. 3009–11) is amended under the heading ‘‘Federal Prison System, Salaries and Ex-penses’’ by striking the eighth proviso (per-taining to the budget and functions of the National Institute of Corrections). 
SEC. 406. EXPANDING INMATE EMPLOYMENT THROUGH FEDERAL PRISON INDUS-TRIES. 
(a) N EWMARKET AUTHORIZATIONS .—Chapter 307 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 4129 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 4130. Additional markets ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, Federal Prison Indus-tries may sell products to— ‘‘(1) public entities for use in penal or cor-rectional institutions; ‘‘(2) public entities for use in disaster relief or emergency response; ‘‘(3) the government of the District of Co-lumbia; ‘‘(4) any organization described in section 501(c)(3), (c)(4), or (d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that code. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘public entity’ means a State, a subdivision of a State, an Indian tribe, and an agency or governmental cor-poration or business of any of the foregoing. ‘‘(2) The term ‘State’ means a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 307 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item related to section 4129 the fol-lowing: ‘‘4130. Additional markets.’’. (c) D
EFERRED COMPENSATION .—Section 4126(c)(4) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘operations,’’ the following: ‘‘not less than 15 percent of such compensation for any inmate shall be re-served in the fund or a separate account and made available to assist the inmate with costs associated with release from prison,’’. SEC. 407. DE-ESCALATION TRAINING. 
Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons shall incor-porate into training programs provided to of-ficers and employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons (including officers and employees of an organization with which the Bureau of Pris-ons has a contract to provide services relat-ing to imprisonment) specialized and com-prehensive training in procedures to— (1) de-escalate encounters between a law enforcement officer or an officer or employee of the Bureau of Prisons, and a civilian or a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 106 of this Act); and (2) identify and appropriately respond to incidents that involve the unique needs of in-dividuals who have a mental illness or cog-nitive deficit. 
SEC. 408. EVIDENCE-BASED TREATMENT FOR OPIOID AND HEROIN ABUSE. 
(a) R EPORT ON EVIDENCE -BASED TREATMENT  
FOR OPIOID AND HEROIN ABUSE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary and the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report assessing the avail-ability of and the capacity of the Bureau of Prisons to treat heroin and opioid abuse through evidence-based programs, including medication-assisted treatment where appro-priate. In preparing the report, the Director shall consider medication-assisted treatment as a strategy to assist in treatment where appropriate and not as a replacement for ho-listic and other drug-free approaches. The re-port shall include a description of plans to expand access to evidence-based treatment for heroin and opioid abuse for prisoners, in-cluding access to medication-assisted treat-ment in appropriate cases. Following sub-mission, the Director shall take steps to im-plement these plans. (b) R
EPORT ON THE AVAILABILITY OF MEDI-
CATION -ASSISTED TREATMENT FOR OPIOID AND  H
EROIN ABUSE , AND IMPLEMENTATION THERE -
OF.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall submit to the Commit-tees on the Judiciary and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report assessing the availability of and capacity for the pro-vision of medication-assisted treatment for opioid and heroin abuse by treatment-service providers serving prisoners who are serving a term of supervised release, and including a description of plans to expand access to medication assisted treatment for heroin and opioid abuse whenever appropriate among prisoners under supervised release. Fol-lowing submission, the Director will take steps to implement these plans. 
SEC. 409. PILOT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Bureau of Prisons shall establish each of the following pilot programs for 2 years, in at least 10 facilities: (1) M
ENTORSHIP FOR YOUTH .—A program to pair youth with volunteers from faith-based or community organizations, which may in-clude formerly incarcerated offenders, that have relevant experience or expertise in mentoring, and a willingness to serve as a mentor in such a capacity. (2) S
ERVICE TO ABANDONED , RESCUED , OR 
OTHERWISE VULNERABLE ANIMALS .—A pro- gram to equip prisoners with the skills to provide training and therapy to animals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2526 May 7, 2018 
seized by Federal law enforcement under asset forfeiture authority and to organiza-tions that provide shelter and similar serv-ices to abandoned, rescued, or otherwise vul-nerable animals. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year after the conclusion of the pilot programs, the Attorney General shall report to Congress on the results of the pilot programs under this section. Such report shall include cost savings, numbers of par-ticipants, and information about recidivism rates among participants. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this title, the term ‘‘youth’’ means a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 106) who was 21 years of age or younger at the time of the commis-sion or alleged commission of the criminal offense for which the individual is being prosecuted or serving a term of imprison-ment, as the case may be. 
SEC. 410. ENSURING SUPERVISION OF RELEASED SEXUALLY DANGEROUS PERSONS. 
(a) P ROBATION OFFICERS .—Section 3603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (8)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and in-serting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. (b) P
RETRIAL SERVICES OFFICERS .—Section 3154 of title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed in paragraph (12)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. 
SEC. 411. DATA COLLECTION. 
(a) N ATIONAL PRISONER STATISTICS PRO-
GRAM .—Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, pursuant to the au-thority under section 302 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3732), the Director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, with information that shall be provided by the Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons, shall include in the National Prisoner Statistics Program the following: (1) The number of prisoners (as such term is defined in section 106 of this Act) who are veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States. (2) The number of prisoners who have been placed in solitary confinement at any time during the previous year. (3) The number of female prisoners known by the Bureau of Prisons to be pregnant, as well as the outcomes of such pregnancies, in-cluding information on pregnancies that re-sult in live-birth, still-birth, miscarriage, abortion, ectopic pregnancy, maternal death, neonatal death, and preterm birth. (4) The numbers of prisoners who volun-teered to participate in a substance abuse treatment program, and the number of pris-oners who have participated in such a pro-gram. (5) The number of prisoners provided meth-adone or buprenorphine while in custody in order to manage withdrawal or to contin-ually treat substance dependence and abuse. (6) The number of prisoners who were re-ceiving methadone or buprenorphine therapy prior to the commencement of their term of imprisonment. (7) The number of prisoners who are the parent or guardian of a minor child. (8) The numbers of prisoners who are sin-gle, married, or otherwise in a committed re-lationship. (9) The number of prisoners who have not achieved a GED, high school diploma, or equivalent prior to entering prison. (10) The number of prisoners who, during the previous year, received their GED or other equivalent certificate while incarcer-ated. (11) The numbers of prisoners for whom English is a second language. (12) The number of incidents, during the previous year, in which restraints were used on a female prisoner during pregnancy, labor, or postpartum recovery, as well as in-formation relating to the type of restraints used, and the circumstances under which each incident occurred. (13) The vacancy rate for medical and health care staff positions, and average length of such a vacancy. (14) The number of facilities that operated, at any time during the previous year, with-out at least one clinical nurse, certified paramedic, or licensed physician on-site. (15) The number of facilities that during the previous year were accredited by the American Correctional Association. (16) The number and type of recidivism re-duction partnerships described in section 3621(h)(5) of title 18, United States Code, en-tered into by each facility. (17) The number of facilities with remote learning capabilities. (18) The number of facilities that offer prisoners video conferencing. (19) Any changes in costs related to legal phone calls and visits following implementa-tion of section 403 of this Act. (20) The number of aliens in prison during the previous year. (21) For each Bureau of Prisons facility, the total number of violations that resulted in reductions in rewards, incentives, or time credits, the number of such violations for each category of violation, and the demo-graphic breakdown of the prisoners who have received such reductions. (22) The number of assaults on Bureau of Prison staff by prisoners and the number of criminal prosecutions of prisoners for as-saulting Bureau of Prison staff. (23) The capacity of each recidivism reduc-tion program and productive activity to ac-commodate eligible inmates at each Bureau of Prisons facility. (24) The number of volunteers who were certified to volunteer in a Bureau of Prisons facility, broken down by level (level I and level II), and by each Bureau of Prisons facil-ity. (25) The number of prisoners enrolled in re-cidivism reduction programs and productive activities at each Bureau of Prisons facility, broken down by risk level and by program, and the number of those enrolled prisoners who successfully completed each program. (26) The breakdown of prisoners classified at each risk level by demographic character-istics, including age, sex, race, and the length of the sentence imposed. (b) R
EPORT TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEES .—Be- ginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter for a period of 7 years, the Di-rector of the Bureau of Justice Statistics shall submit a report containing the infor-mation described in paragraphs (1) through (26) of subsection (a) to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and of the Senate. 
SEC. 412. HEALTHCARE PRODUCTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY .—The Director of the Bu-reau of Prisons shall make the healthcare products described in subsection (c) available to prisoners for free, in a quantity that is ap-propriate to the healthcare needs of each prisoner. (b) Q
UALITY PRODUCTS .—The Director shall ensure that the healthcare products provided under this section conform with applicable industry standards. (c) P
RODUCTS .—The healthcare products de-scribed in this subsection are tampons and sanitary napkins. 
SEC. 413. PRISON RAPE ELIMINATION STAND-ARDS AUDITORS. 
Section 8(e)(8) of the Prison Rape Elimi-nation Act of 2003 (34 U.S.C. 30307(e)(8)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8) S
TANDARDS FOR AUDITORS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS FOR AUDITORS .— An individual seeking certification by the Department of Justice to serve as an auditor of prison compliance with the national standards described in subsection (a) shall, upon request, submit fingerprints in the manner determined by the Attorney General for criminal history record checks of the ap-plicable State and Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation repositories. ‘‘(ii) C
ERTIFICATION AGREEMENTS .—Each auditor certified under this paragraph shall sign a certification agreement that includes the provisions of, or provisions that are sub-stantially similar to, the Bureau of Justice Assistance’s Auditor Certification Agree-ment in use in April 2018. ‘‘(iii) A
UDITOR EVALUATION .—The PREA Management Office of the Bureau of Justice Assistance shall evaluate all auditors based on the criteria contained in the certification agreement. In the case that an auditor fails to comply with a certification agreement or to conduct audits in accordance with the PREA Auditor Handbook, audit method-ology, and instrument approved by the PREA Management Office, the Office may take remedial or disciplinary action, as ap-propriate, including decertifying the auditor in accordance with subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
UDITOR DECERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The PREA Management Office may suspend an auditor’s certification during an evaluation of an auditor’s perform-ance under subparagraph (A)(iii). The PREA Management Office shall promptly publish the names of auditors who have been decerti-fied, and the reason for decertification. Audi-tors who have been decertified or are on sus-pension may not participate in audits de-scribed in subsection (a), including as an agent of a certified auditor. ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—In the case that an auditor is decertified, the PREA Manage-ment Office shall inform each facility or agency at which the auditor performed an audit during the relevant three-year audit cycle, and may recommend that the agency repeat any affected audits, if appropriate. ‘‘(C) A
UDIT ASSIGNMENTS .—The PREA Man-agement Office shall establish a system, to be administered by the Office, for assigning certified auditors to Federal, State, and local facilities. ‘‘(D) D
ISCLOSURE OF DOCUMENTATION .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall com-ply with each request for documentation necessary to conduct an audit under sub-section (a), which is made by a certified auditor in accordance with the provisions of the certification agreement described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii). The Director of the Bureau of Prisons may require an auditor to sign a confidentiality agreement or other agree-ment designed to address the auditor’s use of personally identifiable information, except that such an agreement may not limit an auditor’s ability to provide all such docu-mentation to the Department of Justice, as required under section 115.401(j) of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations.’’. 
SEC. 414. ADULT AND JUVENILE COLLABORA-TION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2991 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10651) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b)(4)(D); (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘may use up to 3 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘shall use not less than 6 percent’’; and (3) by amending subsection (g) to read as follows: ‘‘(g) C
OLLABORATION SETASIDE.—The At- torney General shall use not less than 8 per-cent of funds appropriated to provide tech-nical assistance to State and local govern-ments receiving grants under this part to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2527 May 7, 2018 
foster collaboration between such govern-ments in furtherance of the purposes set forth in section 3 of the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act of 2004 (34 U.S.C. 10651 note).’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 501—RECOG-NIZING THREATS TO FREEDOM OF THE PRESS AND EXPRESSION AROUND THE WORLD AND RE-AFFIRMING FREEDOM OF THE PRESS AS A PRIORITY IN EF-FORTS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO PRO-MOTE DEMOCRACY AND GOOD GOVERNANCE Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 501 Whereas Article 19 of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted in Paris, France, on December 10, 1948, states that ‘‘[e]veryone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers’’; Whereas, in 1993, the United Nations Gen-eral Assembly proclaimed May 3 of each year as ‘‘World Press Freedom Day’’ to— (1) celebrate the fundamental principles of freedom of the press; (2) evaluate freedom of the press around the world; (3) defend against attacks on the independ-ence of the media; and (4) pay tribute to journalists who have lost their lives in the exercise of their profession; Whereas, on December 18, 2013, the United Nations General Assembly adopted United Nations General Assembly Resolution 163 (2013) on the safety of journalists and the issue of impunity, which unequivocally con-demns, in both conflict and nonconflict situ-ations, all attacks on and violence against journalists and media workers, including torture, extrajudicial killing, enforced dis-appearance, arbitrary detention, and intimi-dation and harassment; Whereas the theme for World Press Free-dom Day 2018 is ‘‘Keeping Power in Check: Media, Justice and the Rule of Law’’; Whereas the Daniel Pearl Freedom of the Press Act of 2009 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note; Public Law 111–166), which was passed by unanimous consent in the Senate and signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2010, expanded the annual Human Rights Reports of the De-partment of State to include an examination of freedom of the press; Whereas the 2017 World Press Freedom Index, published by Reporters Without Bor-ders, warned that ‘‘media freedom has re-treated wherever the authoritarian strongman model has triumphed’’; Whereas Freedom House noted in the re-port ‘‘Freedom of the Press 2017’’ that— (1) global press freedom has declined to its lowest point in 13 years; and (2) only 13 percent of the global population enjoys a free press, meaning a media envi-ronment in which ‘‘coverage of political news is robust, the safety of journalists is guaranteed, state intrusion in media affairs is minimal, and the press is not subject to onerous legal or economic pressures’’; Whereas, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists— (1) in 2017— (A) the 2 deadliest countries for journal-ists on assignment were Iraq and Syria; (B) 46 journalists were killed in cases in which the motive for the killing was con-firmed to be related to reporting by those journalists; (C) 20 journalists were killed in cases in which the motive for the killing was unconfirmed; (D) there were 21 cases in which journal-ists were jailed for ‘‘false news’’, which represented more than double the number of cases in which journalists were jailed for ‘‘false news’’ in 2016; and (E) the percentage of female journalists who were killed in a year was the highest on record; (2) the most dangerous subject for a jour-nalist to report is politics, followed only then by war; and (3) as of December 1, 2017, 262 journalists worldwide were imprisoned for their work, marking the second consecutive year that the number of journalists imprisoned for their work hit a historic high; Whereas freedom of the press is a key com-ponent of democratic governance, activism in civil society, and socioeconomic develop-ment; and Whereas freedom of the press enhances public accountability, transparency, and par-ticipation in civil society and democratic governance: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses concern about the threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world; (2) welcomes the celebration of World Press Freedom Day 2018 on May 3, 2018; (3) commends journalists and media work-ers around the world for their essential role in promoting government accountability, de-fending democratic activity, and strength-ening civil society, despite threats to the safety of those journalists and media work-ers; (4) pays tribute to journalists who have lost their lives carrying out their work; (5) calls on governments abroad to imple-ment United Nations General Assembly Res-olution 163 (2013) on the safety of journalists and the issue of impunity by thoroughly in-vestigating and seeking to resolve out-standing cases of violence against journal-ists, including murders and kidnappings, while ensuring the protection of witnesses; (6) condemns all actions around the world that suppress freedom of the press; (7) reaffirms the centrality of freedom of the press to efforts of the Government of the United States to support democracy, miti-gate conflict, and promote good governance domestically and around the world; and (8) calls on the President and the Secretary of State to— (A) on the basis of the protections afforded under the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States, preserve and build upon the leadership of the United States on issues relating to freedom of the press; (B) improve the means by which the Gov-ernment of the United States rapidly identi-fies, publicizes, and responds to threats against freedom of the press around the world; (C) urge foreign governments to conduct transparent investigations and adjudications of the perpetrators of attacks against jour-nalists; and (D) highlight the issue of threats against freedom of the press— (i) in the annual Human Rights Reports of the Department of State; and (ii) throughout the year. AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2241. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE (for himself and Mr. P ORTMAN )) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 1732, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record tech-nology. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2241. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. W
HITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1732, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; as follows: 
Strike section 2 and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. TESTING OF INCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PROVIDERS FOR ADOPTION AND USE OF CER-TIFIED ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 1115A(b)(2)(B) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(b)(2)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(xxv) Providing incentive payments to be-havioral health providers for the adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology (as defined in section 1848(o)(4)) to improve the quality and coordination of care through the electronic documentation and exchange of health information. Behav-ioral health providers may include— ‘‘(I) psychiatric hospitals (as defined in section 1861(f)); ‘‘(II) community mental health centers (as defined in section 1861(ff)(3)(B)); ‘‘(III) clinical psychologists (as defined in section 1861(ii)); ‘‘(IV) clinical social workers (as defined in section 1861(hh)(1)); and ‘‘(V) hospitals, treatment facilities, and mental health or substance use disorder pro-viders that participate in a State plan under title XIX or a waiver of such plan.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, May 7, 2018, at 5:30 p.m. to hold a hearing on the fol-lowing nominations: Christopher Krebs, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary of Homeland Security for Na-tional Protection and Programs, and David Williams, of Illinois, and Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, both to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2528 May 7, 2018 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 4 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will re-ceive its second reading on the next legislative day. 
f 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO BEHAV-IORAL HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Fi-nance Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 1732 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1732) to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to promote testing of in-centive payments for behavioral health pro-viders for adoption and use of certified elec-tronic health record technology. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the Whitehouse amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2241) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) Strike section 2 and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. TESTING OF INCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PROVIDERS FOR ADOPTION AND USE OF CER-TIFIED ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 1115A(b)(2)(B) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(b)(2)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(xxv) Providing incentive payments to be-havioral health providers for the adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology (as defined in section 1848(o)(4)) to improve the quality and coordination of care through the electronic documentation and exchange of health information. Behav-ioral health providers may include— ‘‘(I) psychiatric hospitals (as defined in section 1861(f)); ‘‘(II) community mental health centers (as defined in section 1861(ff)(3)(B)); ‘‘(III) clinical psychologists (as defined in section 1861(ii)); ‘‘(IV) clinical social workers (as defined in section 1861(hh)(1)); and ‘‘(V) hospitals, treatment facilities, and mental health or substance use disorder pro-viders that participate in a State plan under title XIX or a waiver of such plan.’’. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (S. 1732), as amended, was passed, as follows: 
S. 1732 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Access to Behavioral Health Information Technology Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TESTING OF INCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PROVIDERS FOR ADOPTION AND USE OF CER-TIFIED ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 1115A(b)(2)(B) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(b)(2)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(xxv) Providing incentive payments to be-havioral health providers for the adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology (as defined in section 1848(o)(4)) to improve the quality and coordination of care through the electronic documentation and exchange of health information. Behav-ioral health providers may include— ‘‘(I) psychiatric hospitals (as defined in section 1861(f)); ‘‘(II) community mental health centers (as defined in section 1861(ff)(3)(B)); ‘‘(III) clinical psychologists (as defined in section 1861(ii)); ‘‘(IV) clinical social workers (as defined in section 1861(hh)(1)); and ‘‘(V) hospitals, treatment facilities, and mental health or substance use disorder pro-viders that participate in a State plan under title XIX or a waiver of such plan.’’. f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 8, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 2:30 p.m., Tuesday, May 8; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Engelhardt nomination; fi-nally, that all time during recess, ad-journment, morning business, and lead-er remarks count postcloture on the Engelhardt nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators C
ASSIDY and C ANTWELL . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Louisiana. f 
NOMINATION OF KURT ENGELHARDT Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, the nomination before us is for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, specifically for Judge Kurt Engelhardt, and I rise today to voice my strong support. Judge Engelhardt is a Louisiana na-tive, earning both his bachelor’s degree and law degree from Louisiana State University. I should note that Judge Engelhardt was a member of the Gold-en Band from Tigerland as a law stu-dent, one of the great college marching bands. He may have missed all of that marching because he took up marathon running a few years ago and has now completed 13 full marathons, including the Boston Marathon and the New York City Marathon. All of this is to say that the man has a personal life that is active and vigorous, but he also has a legal life. After law school, Judge Engelhardt clerked for Judge Charles Grisbaum of the Louisiana Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. He then practiced law at Lit-tle & Metzger in Metairie before be-coming an associate and then partner at Hailey, McNamara, Hall, Larmann & Papale in Metairie. In 2001, President George W. Bush nominated Judge Engelhardt for a seat on the U.S. District Court for the East-ern District of Louisiana. The Senate confirmed him by a voice vote in De-cember 2001, demonstrating that this body gave him bipartisan support as the quality candidate he was. He has been the chief judge of the Eastern Dis-trict of Louisiana since 2015. Judge Engelhardt has been an active member of the New Orleans Chapter of the Federal Bar Association, serving on the board of directors for 10 years and as chapter president in 2011. He has ac-tive memberships in the Federal Dis-trict Judges Association, the Louisiana State Bar Association, the New Orleans Bar Association, the Jefferson Bar As-sociation, and the Fifth Circuit Dis-trict Judges Association. In 2004, Judge Engelhardt was ap-pointed by the Supreme Court to serve on the Judicial Conference Committee on Federal-State Jurisdiction for two terms, and he has also served on the Louisiana Supreme Court’s Judiciary Commission. Judge Engelhardt was also very ac-tive in serving the New Orleans com-munity, having served on the board of directors of the Cancer Association of Greater New Orleans for more than 20 years. Judge Engelhardt was confirmed out of the Judiciary Committee on Feb-ruary 8, 2018, on a bipartisan basis. The committee recognizes that confirming good, qualified judges who uphold the Constitution is one of the Senate’s top priorities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.018 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2529 May 7, 2018 
Judge Engelhardt is the kind of fair- minded and experienced person we need to serve on the bench. He has served the people of Louisiana well as an arti-cle III judge for the past 17 years, and I have no doubt he will continue to serve with the same high standards on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. I support the nomination of Judge Kurt Engelhardt and urge all of my colleagues to do so as well. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. 
f 
REMEMBERING REV. DR. SAMUEL B. M
CKINNEY Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor to pay tribute to Rev. Dr. Samuel B. McKinney, a civil rights icon from the Pacific Northwest. In August of 1963, Martin Luther King, Jr., inspired the Nation from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial here in Washington, DC, boldly proclaiming: ‘‘Now is the time to make justice a re-ality for all of God’s children.’’ Meanwhile, in the basement of Mount Zion Baptist Church in Seattle, WA, Dr. Samuel McKinney was already tak-ing up that cause. He stood before his fellow religious leaders—pastors, rab-bis, and priests—and asked them to join him in the struggle for equality and justice for all. For more than 40 years, he never gave up the fight, advocating for eco-nomic and social justice in Seattle, WA, and throughout our Nation. Refus-ing to yield to deep-seated prejudice and threats of violence, he became known as a visionary civil rights lead-er, a pillar of Seattle civic life, and a moral consciousness of our community. Tomorrow, many Washingtonians will come together to celebrate Dr. McKinney’s life—to remember his wis-dom, his advocacy, his deep and unshakeable belief in justice, his stead-fast commitment to his community and his church, his service to our Na-tion in the U.S. Air Force, and his de-votion as a husband, father, and friend. He was a third-generation Baptist minister. He took up the struggle for justice at an early age. He was inspired by the athletic prowess of Jesse Owens and Joe Louis and by civil rights lead-ers of our generation. No influence was more profound than the sermons of his own father. The Rev. Dr. Wade McKinney never shrank from an opportunity to use his pulpit to fight back against racism and seg-regation, and decades later, from his own pulpit at Mount Zion Baptist Church in Seattle, Dr. Samuel McKin-ney continued his father’s efforts. He repeatedly fought back against injus-tice in every form, leading civil rights marches in the sixties, protesting school segregation in the seventies, and demonstrating against apartheid in the eighties. He led boycotts against companies that refused to hire Black workers and developed and promoted workforce training programs for people who were struggling to find employ-ment. He protested unfair education policies and started an accredited pre-school and kindergarten program that helped establish the first Black-owned bank in Seattle. He served as an origi-nal member of the Seattle Human Rights Commission, helping to pass our city’s first Fair Housing Act. Through his leadership, Dr. McKin-ney also brought to the national stage the only visit of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., to Seattle in 1961, featured in this historic photo. Dr. McKinney also participated in the Selma-to-Mont-gomery voting rights march in 1965. In 1980, he was arrested for speaking against apartheid at the South African consulate in Seattle. At 86 years old, Dr. McKinney was still fighting back against injustice, speaking at the pray-er vigil in Seattle for Trayvon Martin. Dr. McKinney’s legacy lives on through his courageous actions, his vi-sionary leadership, and his quest for justice. But perhaps most of all, his legacy lives on through the extraor-dinary community that he built at Mount Zion Baptist Church. It was at Mount Zion that he mentored fellow ministers and im-parted inspirational guidance. It was where he baptized newborns, presided over weddings, helped families bury their loved ones, and maintained his steadfast commitment to his parish-ioners. At Mount Zion, he raised his two daughters—Dr. Lora-Ellen McKinney and Rhoda McKinney-Jones—along with his wife. They made sacrifices for the community. She, too, was a savvy businesswoman and a strong supporter of education and the arts. Under Dr. McKinney’s leadership, Mount Zion flourished and tripled its membership. His church and its com-munity stand as a true testament to Dr. McKinney’s life and what it meant in Seattle. Today, it shows the endur-ing faith that drove him in all that he did. Dr. McKinney made the fight for justice and equality his lifelong mis-sion. Another picture shows him with Jesse Jackson, who I believe also came to Seattle at Dr. McKinney’s request. Dr. McKinney fought for justice in Se-attle and helped to impact our Nation. His leadership and dedication to the community will be sorely missed. As I said, tomorrow, many Washingtonians will be there to commemorate his life, along with his daughters and many of his parishioners—people from Mount Zion. As we honor and remember Dr. McKinney’s lifetime of advocacy, I am reminded of a fitting quote from Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: ‘‘The ulti-mate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and con-venience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.’’ In good times and through difficult ones, Reverend McKinney stood on the side of justice, and for that, all of us in the Pacific Northwest are grateful. Thank you. I yield the floor. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 2:30 P.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previoius order, the Senate stands adjourned until 2:30 p.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:24 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, May 8, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
ROY KALMAN ALTMAN, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE JOAN A. LENARD, RETIRED. THOMAS P. BARBER, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE JAMES D. WHITTEMORE, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
KIM GAFFNEY, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DALLAS STEPHEN NEVILLE, TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
RICHARD A. HERTLING, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS FOR A TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE GEORGE W. MIL-LER, DECEASED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
DENNY WADE KING, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF TEN-NESSEE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE LOUISE W. KELTON, TERM EXPIRED. SUSAN LLEWELLYN PAMERLEAU, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE ROBERT R. ALMONTE, TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
A. MARVIN QUATTLEBAUM, JR., OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT, VICE WILLIAM B. TRAXLER, JR., RETIRING. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
BARRETT W. RICH, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TEN-NESSEE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JEFFREY THOMAS HOLT, TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JULIUS NESS RICHARDSON, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT, VICE DENNIS W. SHEDD, RETIRED. RODOLFO ARMANDO RUIZ II, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE WILLIAM J. ZLOCH, RE-TIRED. RODNEY SMITH, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE ROBIN S. ROSENBAUM, ELEVATED. RICHARD J. SULLIVAN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT, VICE RICHARD C. WESLEY, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
RICHARD E. TAYLOR, JR., OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE RANDY PAUL ELY, RETIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
T. KENT WETHERELL II, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE JOHN RICHARD SMOAK, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
NICK WILLARD, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW HAMP-SHIRE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DAVID LYLE CARGILL, JR., TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. SCOTT A. HOWELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.021 S07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2530 May 7, 2018 
AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. WARREN D. BERRY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DONALD E. KIRKLAND THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CLIFFORD N. JAMES 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. AUSTIN S. MILLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DARSIE D. ROGERS, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRADLEY A. BECKER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. MICHAEL M. GILDAY 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. LEWIS A. CRAPAROTTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ERIC M. SMITH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DANIEL J. O’DONOHUE 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
AARON J. OELRICH DANIEL J. PATAK 
To be major 
DAVID A. BLEVINS BITRUS B. COBONGS NICOLE M. HANDY GREGORY P. NORTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
RYAN C. BOYLE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS A CHAPLAIN UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
JAMES E. SMITH, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: To be colonel 
ALLEN D. ALDENBERG JERRY E. BAIRD, JR. TOBIN R. CLIFTON THOMAS G. COOK II MICHAEL A. GILLIGAN PAUL E. HESSLING BRYAN V. HILL NOEL A. HOBACK MARC R. MCCREERY GLEN A. MCELROY CHRISTINA M. MCNEIL BRENT A. ORR RYAN J. ROBINSON MICHAEL J. SIPPLES TIMOTHY W. VANCE DANIEL S. WILLIAMS TERI D. WILLIAMS TIMOTHY A. WOOD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS CHAPLAINS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. , SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
WILLIAM J. GRIMES JEREMY P. MOUNT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
DAVID W. EASTBURN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ZINA L. ROBERTS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
BRADFORD M. BURRIS JOHN H. COCHRAN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5721: 
To be lieutenant commander 
GREGORY N. ANDERSON GUILLERMO M. ARGUELLO BRANDON W. BEAM CORY L. BROWN DANIEL R. DECKER NATHANIEL L. DOANE DEAN R. DOBRANSKY ROBERT R. EASTMAN III RYAN J. ELLWOOD RHETT N. GILMAN COLEMAN GONZALEZ THOMAS D. GROARK NEAL P. HUTSELL KEVIN M. ISAAK ADAM T. KULCZYCKY EVAN S. LONG WILLIAM P. LOONEY MARK E. MALINIAK CHRISTOPHER G. MARLEY ROBERT J. MARTIN ANDREW N. MAULDIN TIMOTHY J. MENDOZA BENJAMIN J. MILLS ZACHARY J. PREFONTAINE BENJAMIN J. REED MAX J. REITBLATT DANTE A. ROSS ELAN J. S. ROTKLEIN DUSTIN P. SCHEINERT AIMEE J. SMITH JOHNNY L. STEVENSON, JR. ADAM T. VIEUX JACOB H. WEBB THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
JOHN R. BUSH ALEXANDER C. DUTKO MATTHEW W. FARR RICHARD M. GENSLEY WILLIAM E. HARGREAVES MICHAEL P. KLINE WALTER B. MASSENBURG, JR. SAMUEL J. MESSER DAVID S. MURRAY MICHAEL J. SAVARESE BRIAN J. SAWICKI HOLLY B. SHOGER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be captain 
ERIK E. ANDERSON SCOTT P. BAILEY CATHERINE W. BOEHME MICHAEL A. BURKHARD REMIL J. CAPILI JOSHUA D. CRINKLAW KEITH B. FAHLENKAMP ANDREW J. GILLESPY JASON GRABELLE BRIAN A. KAROSICH DANIEL C. KIDD JONATHAN J. H. KIM JAMES A. KUHLMANN PHILIP R. MLYNARSKI DAVID L. MURRAY MARK C. PARRELLA MATTHEW K. SCHROEDER MATTHEW L. TARDY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
BRADFORD W. BAKER ARTHUR GIBB III MICHAEL P. OHARA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
DERRICK E. BLACKSTON HOWARD B. FABACHER II JOHN M. GRAF LEON A. HIGGINS RICHARD A. HUTH MICHAEL P. MORAN ROBERT T. STOCKTON, JR. MICHAEL G. WHEELER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
DAVID J. ADAMS WALTER H. ALLMAN III GABRIEL A. ANSEEUW KENNETH M. ATHANS GILBERT AYAN THOMAS B. AYDT JOSEPH A. BAGGETT KURT D. BALAGNA RAYMOND F. BARNES, JR. JOHN S. BARSANO ANDREW D. BATES BRANNON S. BICKEL JENNIFER M. BLAKESLEE R W. BLIZZARD THOMAS T. BODINE TIMOTHY C. BOEHME DANIEL A. BOMAN ORLANDO S. BOWMAN DEREK BRADY KENDALL G. BRIDGEWATER BOBBY E. BROWN, JR. CHRISTOPHER A. BROWN SAMUEL C. BRYANT SCOTT J. BUCHAR PAUL R. BURKHART MARK C. BURNS RUSSELL J. CALDWELL LEWIS W. CALLAWAY MARCOS D. CANTU GABRIEL B. CAVAZOS DEWON M. CHANEY MATTHEW E. CHAPMAN GARY M. CHASE TONY CHAVEZ ADAM G. CHEATHAM JASON L. CHUDEREWICZ MATTHEW W. CIESLUKOWSKI THANE C. CLARE TIMOTHY M. CLARK DAVID J. COE ERIC D. COLE RYAN D. COLLINS TODD P. COPELAND ADAN J. COVARRUBIAS DAVID S. COX MARC D. CRAWFORD RANDY C. CRUZ SAMUEL J. DAVIS MICHAEL P. DESMOND STEVEN V. DJUNAEDI CHRISTOPHER J. DOMENCIC KENNETH S. DOUGLAS ERIC C. DOYLE BRIAN M. DRECHSLER BENJAMIN P. DUELLEY DARREN T. DUGAN JENNIFER L. EATON MICHAEL D. EBERLEIN CHARLES B. ECKHART DAVID L. EDGERTON TERESA E. ELDERS KATHLEEN M. ELLIS FORD C. EWALDSEN, JR. RAFAEL C. FACUNDO STEVEN E. FAULK JUSTIN T. FAUNTLEROY TROY A. FENDRICK ADAM L. FLEMING PAUL N. FLORES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD18\MAY\S07MY8.REC S07MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2531 May 7, 2018 
STEVEN M. FOLEY JACOB A. FORET DAVID S. FORMAN MATTHEW T. FRAUENZIMMER STEPHEN M. FROEHLICH WILLIAM D. GALLAGHER WILLIAM K. GANTT, JR. JEFFERY J. GAYDASH JASON M. GEDDES PATRICK E. GENDRON CHRISTOPHER J. GILBERTSON JAVIER GONZALEZOCASIO AMY E. GRAHAM CHAD W. GRAHAM DALE M. GREGORY, JR. SEAN T. GRUNWELL MICHAEL J. GUNTHER JOHN W. HALE MATTHEW H. HALL CHARLES E. HAMPTON ERIC M. HANKS GARY A. HARRINGTON II MARK R. HARRIS JUSTIN L. HARTS KATRINA L. HILL PAUL A. HOCKRAN KEVIN J. HOFFMAN BRIAN P. HOGAN CHRISTOPHER T. HORGAN PATRICK W. HOURIGAN ABIGAIL A. HUTCHINS TODD E. HUTCHISON MARCOS A. JASSO CEDRICK L. JESSUP EDWARD D. JOHNSON JEFFREY F. JOHNSON MICHAEL R. JOHNSON DAVID I. KAISER DANIEL J. KEELER JOHN C. KIEFABER KEN J. KLEINSCHNITTGER WILLIAM C. KLUTTZ RICHARD S. KRAMARIK JUDD A. KRIER HERBERT E. LACY TEAGUE R. LAGUENS JOEL B. LANG DOUGLAS M. LANGENBERG JADE L. LEPKE DENNIS S. LLOYD RYAN J. LOGAN WALTER C. MAINOR RONALD P. MALLOY NICOLAS V. MANTALVANOS ANDREW P. MARINER JAJA J. E. MARSHALL CHRISTOPHER E. MARVIN JOSEPH S. MATISON STEPHEN B. MAY GEOFFREY P. MCALWEE GINA L. MCCAINE GILL MCCARTHY STEVEN R. MCDOWELL SCOTT J. MCGINNIS AMY M. MCINNIS CHARLES A. I. MCLENITHAN JOSHUA M. MENZEL GARRETT H. MILLER JOHN M. MONTAGNET SHANNON L. MOORE TIMOTHY C. MOORE DAVID E. MURPHY JONATHAN R. MURPHY CHRISTOPHER S. MUSSELMAN MICHELLE L. NAKAMURA CHRISTOPHER J. NARDUCCI MICHAEL D. NORDEEN THOMAS M. OGDEN TERRANCE D. ONEILL MATTHEW H. ORT CHRISTOPHER M. OSBORN GONZALO PARTIDA NIRAV V. PATEL GEOFFRY W. PATTERSON BRYAN S. PEEPLES DOUGLAS J. PEGHER KENNETH S. PICKARD JEFFREY M. PLAISANCE CHRISTOPHER J. POLK COREY L. PRITCHARD JAMES A. QUARESIMO DANIEL T. QUINN MICHAEL J. RAK KEVIN W. RALSTON PAUL B. REINHARDT CHRISTOPHER A. RICHARD CHRISTOPHER J. RIERSON ANDREW H. RING ROBERT P. ROBBINS MARTIN L. ROBERTSON HENRY M. ROENKE IV OSCAR E. ROJAS ARNOLD I. ROPER JOANNIS C. ROUSSAKIES ERIC J. ROZEK ETHAN M. RULE THOMAS A. RYNO ERIC M. SAGER GREGG S. SANDERS KARREY D. SANDERS BRANDON M. SCOTT RYAN P. SHANN WILLIAM H. SHIPP ERIC J. SINIBALDI ROBERT G. SINRAM SEAN L. SLAPPY ROBERT G. SMALLWOOD III JANICE G. SMITH MELVIN R. SMITH, JR. GUY M. SNODGRASS WILLIAM S. SNYDER, JR. JEFFREY D. SOWERS JONATHAN E. SPORE JOHN W. STAFFORD JEFFREY W. STEBBINS THOMAS S. STEPHENS JAMES W. STEWART RYAN M. STODDARD RONALD L. STOWE EDWARD D. SUNDBERG DANIEL W. TESTA MILCIADES THEN MEGAN A. THOMAS JEREMY F. THOMPSON SHEA S. THOMPSON TIMOTHY M. THOMPSON JAMES T. THORP JOSEPH A. TORRES DARYL E. TRENT JEREMY T. VAUGHAN KEVIN J. VOLPE STEFAN L. WALCH KENNETH P. WARD JOHN W. WEIDNER, JR. EDWARD M. WEILER DAVID S. WELLS DONALD G. WETHERBEE MARTIN L. WEYENBERG SAMUEL S. WHITE PAUL D. WILL JASON J. WILLIAMSON MICHAEL D. WISECUP GREGORY R. WISEMAN KEITH C. WOODLEY ROY A. WYLIE RAFE K. WYSHAM TIMOTHY J. YANIK JASON P. YOUNG RICHARD A. ZASZEWSKI KEVIN P. ZAYAC DAVID M. ZIELINSKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
MARK R. ALEXANDER ROBERT C. CADENA WILLIAM A. DANIELS CHRISTOPHER D. ENG BLAKE G. JACOBSON PAUL D. LASHMET ANDREW T. NEWSOME THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
JILLENE M. BUSHNELL HARTWELL F. COKE SHANE STOUGHTON KENNETH A. WALLACE MICAH A. WELTMER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
ENID S. BRACKETT SAMUEL J. DALE MARK E. DENNISON KEITH J. HARNETIAUX COREY S. JOHNSTON STACEY A. PRESCOTT ERICH J. SCHUBERT PASIT SOMBOONPAKRON KARSTEN E. SPIES JOSHUA P. TAYLOR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be captain 
JOHN E. GAY TAMARA D. LAWRENCE JOHN P. PERKINS WILLIAM H. SPEAKS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
FRANKLIN W. BENNETT RAMIRO E. FLORES VENCENT W. LOGAN MATTHEW T. WILCOX THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
CARVIN A. BROWN DANIEL J. CARIUS CLIFFORD COLLINS CHARLES C. COWART THOMAS A. DECKER RICARDO G. ENRIQUEZ JEFFREY D. GRISHAM CHRISTOPHER T. NICHOLS REYNALDO T. TANAP GEORGE G. VERGOS ERIC M. WILLIAMS MARK W. YATES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
CHRISTOPHER R. ANDERSON MICHAEL S. BERRY HEATH D. BOHLEN KENNETH W. BURKE, JR. JEFFREY P. BUSCHMANN JEANPAUL E. DUBE JASON C. ENGLISH JEFFERY M. KARGOL PETER M. KOPROWSKI BRYAN H. LEESE DOROTHY S. MILBRANDT THOMAS A. MURPHY, JR. JON A. OCONNOR JAMES M. PENDERGAST THOMAS A. PETERSEN MARCUS R. POLSON CHARLEESE R. SAMPA MAXIMILLIAN L. WESTLAND JOSHUA B. WILSON DAVID P. WOLYNSKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
MARC A. ARAGON MARK F. BIBEAU JESUS M. CORDEROVILA MATTHEW L. GHEN MICHAEL D. LEBU JAMES M. MAHER ANDRE N. ROWE ROBERT A. YEE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be commander 
DAVID A. BESACHIO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
EVAN E. WERNER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.002 S07MYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE587 May 7, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO BEGIE HEFNER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Begie Hefner. Ms. Hefner will be honored by the Sal-vation Army at their annual dinner on May 9, 2018 with the Lifetime Membership Award. Begie is the only person in the Des Moines area with a Red Kettle bearing her name and hosts open houses before Christmas, encour-aging all her friends to give to The Salvation Army. In 2012, her Red Kettle generated more than $17,000. Because of her selflessness, the Des Moines group changed their volunteer award to the Begie Hefner Award. Mr. Speaker, I commend Begie Hefner for receiving this outstanding award and for her continued commitment to the Salvation Army and all it stands for. I am proud to represent her, and Iowans like her, in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Begie Hefner and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
HELENE REED 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late Helene Reed of Williamstown, Gloucester County, lo-cated in the First Congressional District of the Great State of New Jersey, for her decades of public service to local and county government. At the time of her passing on April 28, 2018, Helene Reed was serving as the Gloucester County Surrogate, a position to which she was first elected in 2008, becoming the first woman to ever hold that title. Prior to the role of Gloucester County Surro-gate, Helene Reed served as Gloucester County Freeholder for nine years, and as the first female Monroe Township Councilmember, holding that post for nine years, with some of her tenure including service as Council Presi-dent. Preceding her public service, Helene Reed attended Rutgers University where she was certified in Hospital Access Manager, which led to a career as Director of Admissions at Kennedy Hospital, Washington Township Divi-sion, now known as Jefferson Hospital. In the community she both loved and called home, Helene Reed served with distinction on: the Rowan University Board of Trustees, President of the New Jersey Association of Counties & the Constitutional Officers Associa-tion of New Jersey, chairperson of the Monroe Township Welfare Board, member of the: Monroe Township Planning Board, Monroe Township Zoning Board, Monroe Township Administrative Committee, and as commis-sioner to the Tri-County Joint Insurance Fund. Helene Reed was a wife, mother, grand-mother, great-grandmother, trailblazer, pio-neer, role model, and exceptional public serv-ant who was a tireless advocate for others, and will be deeply missed. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join with me in mourning the loss and honoring the legacy of the late Helene Reed. f 
CONGRATULATING SILSBEE HIGH SCHOOL FOR THEIR STATE CHAMPIONSHIP VICTORY 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Silsbee High School for winning their second-straight Class 4A State Basketball Championship on March 10, 2018 against Dal-las Carter at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. There is no doubt it takes an incredible amount of persistence, hard work, passion and skill to accomplish such a feat. These young men have shown all of these qualities and I applaud each and every one of them. I would like to personally recognize each team member, the coaching staff and Silsbee school officials by including their names in the R
ECORD : Players: K’Drian Cartwright, Devon McCain, Braelon Bush, Jordyn Adams, Tre’ Lowe, Adonis Thomas, Jadon Bass, Landyn Tyler, Chris Martin, Tyrese Harmon, Aaron Sells, Malik Samuel, Decoby Jones and Kalon Barnes; Head Coach: Joe Sigler; Assistant Coach: Ira Brooks; Assistant Coach: James Collins; Statistician: Jacob Brooks; Athletic Di-rector: Randy Smith; Athletic Trainer: John ‘‘Doc’’ Williamson; Student Camera: Johnathan Hageon; Student Trainer: Brittany Stephens; Silsbee High School Principal: Paul Trevino; Superintendent: Richard Bain Jr.; Board of Trustees President: James de Garavilla; Board of Trustees Vice President: Sam Edd Harrell; Board of Trustees Secretary: Janis Holt; Board of Trustees Members: Derrell Ferguson, Dana Hancock, Tom Hardy, and Sherrie Taylor. I wish each student continued success on and off the basketball court. Go Tigers. OATH OF CITIZENSHIP ON MAY 11, 2018 HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oaths of citizenship on May 11, 2018. This memorable occasion will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On May 11, 2018, the following people, rep-resenting many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Kashif Javed, Tetiana Ivanovna Olszewski, Leticia San Pascual Santos, Tariq Javed, Mario Isabel Garcia, Emilija Muvceski, Naiyang Ma, Ahmed Mohamed Abdalla, Sung Gun Wang, Missin Mahu Ruth Hountin, Florencia Stoll, Sheku Abraham Swaray, Bradley Dennis Smith, Aruna Thinakkal, Elizabeth Salceda, Vaibhav Agarwal, Charu Agarwal, Amitava Krishna Dutt, Natalia Yepez Frias, Dima Yasin, Nezira Zigic, Yessica Edely Garcia, Kerwin Otis Shel-don Huggins, Martha Isabel Carlton, Pauline Shelliann Montique, Ricardo Almanza, Hui Min Justina Bernadette Barkley, Hugo Enrique Gonzalez, Pete Nikolovski, and Caleb Ikenna Okoli. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on May 11, 2018. They, too, are American citi-zens, guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.001 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE588 May 7, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE SAN ELIZARIO HIGH SCHOOL MEN’S SOCCER TEAM 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to offer my sincere congratulations to the San Elizario High School Men’s Soccer Team for winning the District 4–A Championship. This milestone is truly a testament to the team, their dedicated work ethic, perseverance, and talents. I am proud to represent a group of young men that are as determined and hard working as this team. San Elizario High School is fortu-nate to have such a dedicated group of indi-viduals representing the student body. I am confident that the skills and lessons they have learned through this experience will continue to serve them well. I have no doubts that their dedication and team work will help them in their future endeavors. I encourage these young men to continue to serve others and to be active voices in their community as they continue their education. Congratulations again on this fine achieve-ment. 
f 
COST ESTIMATE ON H.R. 5099, THE ENHANCING DHS’S FUSION CEN-TER TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM ACT 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, the following cost estimate for H.R. 5099, the Enhancing DHS’s Fusion Center Technical Assistance Program Act, prepared by the Congressional Budget Office was not made available to the Committee at the time of filing of the legisla-tive report. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, May 4, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 5099, the Enhancing DHS’ Fusion Center Technical Assistance Program Act. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. H.R. 5099—E
NHANCING DHS’ F USION CENTER  T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM ACT As passed by the House of Representatives on March 19, 2018. H.R. 5099 would modify current laws relat-ing to fusion centers supported by the De-partment of Homeland Security (DHS); those centers facilitate information sharing among federal, state, and local authorities. The act would direct DHS to provide technical assist-ance to and share effective practices with fu-sion center participants. Because the depart-ment currently carries out simi1ar activi-ties, CBO estimates that implementing H.R. 5099 would have no significant effect on spending by DHS. Enacting H.R. 5099 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you- go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 5099 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2029. H.R. 5099 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Grabowicz. The estimate was reviewed by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. f TRIBUTE TO BETA SIGMA PHI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Beta Sigma Phi. This organization will be presented with the Spirit of Christmas Award from the Salvation Army at their annual dinner on May 9, 2018. Beta Sigma Phi is an international women’s sorority that began working with the Salvation Army in 1989. Every year, the Salvation Army provides toys for the women inmates at a nearby prison to select as Christmas presents for their children. Beta Sigma Phi then wraps and packs the gift for shipping, so the children have presents at Christmas. Mr. Speaker, I commend Beta Sigma Phi for receiving this outstanding award and for their continued commitment to making their com-munity better. I am proud to represent them, and Iowans like them, in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating this group of women and in wishing them nothing but continued suc-cess. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GALENA D
ESOTO HOUSE HOTEL ON THEIR 163RD ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Galena DeSoto House Hotel on their 163rd anniversary. The hotel was re-cently recognized by the Galena Chamber of Commerce with a Gold Ribbon cutting for wel-coming guests with hospitality, charm and rich history since 1855. The DeSoto House Hotel, which was named after the great European explorer Hernando de Soto; is an Illinois landmark. The DeSoto House Hotel is the oldest operating hotel in the state and has hosted many great Amer-ican figures such as President Abraham Lin-coln, President Ulysses S. Grant, Senator Ste-phen A. Douglas and many others. I have had the pleasure of visiting the DeSoto House Hotel myself, and I can personally speak to the fact that it is a treasure for not only our Congressional District, but the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to once again con-gratulate the Galena DeSoto House Hotel on their 163rd anniversary and for their commit-ment to preserving its rich history. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I missed votes on April 27th to attend a funeral. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 162; YEA on Roll Call No. 163; NAY on Roll Call No. 164; YEA on Roll Call No. 165; and YEA on Roll Call No. 166. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, on April 27, I missed the following votes. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 162; NAY on Roll Call No. 163; YEA on Roll Call No. 164; YEA on Roll Call No. 165; and NAY on Roll Call No. 166. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF ANTHONY GIANNETTI, JR. 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, the following thoughtful obituary was pub-lished in The Binghamton Press & Sun-Bul-letin on April 27, 2018: 
Anthony Giannetti Jr. passed with amaz-ing grace on Saturday 21 April 2018, at North Austin Medical Center surrounded by his lov-ing family. He was born 10 March, 1939, in Meshoppen, PA, to Anthony and Concetta Giannetti. One of four children, Tony, or Junior as he was called by his family, was a determined young man who graduated from Vestal High School and served in the United States Marine Corps. He had a long and dis-tinguished career as a project manager for International Business Machines in Endi-cott, NY, and Austin, TX. He worked for IBM for 32 years until his retirement in 1994. Tony was first and foremost a family man. He enjoyed watching all kinds of sporting events, especially attending those his chil-dren and grandchildren played in. He is sur-vived by his wife of 54 years, Beverly, son Mi-chael, son Anthony and daughter-in-law Silvana, son Joseph, daughter Christine and son-in-law Bryan, and his two grand-daughters Nadia and Fiona. He will be eter-nally loved and sorely missed by his family and friends. Tony left nothing undone here on earth, . . . and he did it his way. Rest in peace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.002 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE589 May 7, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO MARY LEE ALLEN 
HON. VAL BUTLER DEMINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplishments and life of Mary Lee Allen as she celebrates her 10th birthday this year. Mary Lee Allen was born on May 15, 1918 in Branchville, South Carolina. Throughout her adult life, Mrs. Allen has given back to her community, neighbors, and church. She is known as a proud local small business owner and mentor to countless young women. Mrs. Allen attended public school in New York and went on to earn a degree from cos-metology school. After she moved to Florida, she continued her education, taking advanced classes in hair and beauty. On May 7, 1938, she married the late Wil-liam J. Allen. The couple moved to Winter Park, Florida, and quickly became involved in their community. Mrs. Allen took the bold step of opening her own business—Mary Lee Beauty Shop. Throughout the shop’s years of business, Mrs. Allen provided constant advice and support to young employees. Mrs. Allen has been a member of Mount Moriah Missionary Baptist Church for over 60 years, and joined the church’s Senior Mis-sionary Society and Senior Choir. She also helped found the ’Ideal Women Club.’ Over the years, she has received numerous awards and recognitions for her outstanding commu-nity service, and has earned the love and friendship of her neighbors. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have Mrs. Mary Lee Allen as a constituent, and I extend best wishes to her on her 100th birthday. 
f 
COMMENDING JESSENIA FILOMENO 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to commend Jessenia Filomeno, a young Latina who has dedicated her life to volunteerism and community service. She is a role model who selflessly mentors at risk youth and helps them achieve academic suc-cess. She is a graduate from Brooklyn’s Pratt In-stitute where she earned a Bachelor degree in Architecture. She has served as a young Am-bassador to Brooklyn representing Puerto Rico. Since her youth and for the past 20 years, Ms. Filomeno has been a member of the Brooklyn Three Kings Day Parade Inc. where she coordinates the distribution of more than 1,000 toys for underserved children. Jessenia is also the CEO of Filomeno Fam-ily Awards Foundation, Inc. A foundation who mentors and monitors the progress of the stu-dents they support from kindergarten to col-lege. Jessenia and the Foundation annually host a gala where students are awarded scholarships and recognition for their accom-plishments. When Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, Jessenia organized a community relief effort to help the children and families im-pacted by this disaster. What is amazing is that Jessenia suffers from chronic Lupus disease and yet she man-ages to volunteer and help the underserved and most vulnerable in our community. Jessenia is proud to bring hope and a smile to all her initiatives. She states that she is very fortunate to be 35 years of age and able to live and contribute to society. Please join me in saluting Jessenia Filomeno and the Filomeno Family Awards Foundation Inc. on the celebration of its an-nual gala held on March 31, 2018. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR. CYRUS ‘‘RUSS’’ M. JOLLIVETTE 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of my very dear friend, Mr. Cyrus ‘‘Russ’’ M. Jollivette. I was fortunate to have known Russ for many years. His untimely passing is a true loss for the State of Florida. Russ was born on August 5, 1946 in Miami, Florida to Frances Reeves Jollivette Cham-bers and Cyrus M. Jollivette, Sr. He is the brother of two sisters, Regina Jollivette Frazier and Cleo Leontine Jollivette. He held a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from C.W. Post College, a Mas-ters of Business Administration in Manage-ment from Long Island University, and a Juris Doctor from the University of Miami’s (UM) School of Law. Russ dedicated himself to the advancement of higher education, health access and serv-ices, and public service. While well-known for his 24 years of service at UM, and his 12 years of service at Blue Cross Blue Shield (BCBS) of Florida, there are many other orga-nizations, educational institutions, nonprofits, and community groups that Russ started, chaired, or directed. Russ committed himself to creating and supporting educational opportunities for stu-dents in Florida and beyond, at colleges and universities from the University of Miami to St. Thomas University, Florida A&M University, Florida International University, University of Florida, University of North Florida, Barry Uni-versity, Jacksonville University, Eckerd Col-lege, and community colleges throughout the state. He also played a major role in the world of health, seeking support for several hospitals and medical schools, and especially children’s hospitals and schools of nursing throughout Florida. He had served as the Chairman of the Dade Public Health Trust, and always sought support for the Children’s Hospital at the Uni-versity of Miami/Jackson Memorial Medical Center, the Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, part of the University of Miami Health System, as well as cancer centers throughout Florida. Additionally, Russ played a role in the world of philanthropy. He directed relations for the UM Foundation for decades and directed the BCBS Florida Blue Foundation. He was re-sponsible for hundreds of millions of dollars reaching education, health, community, and nonprofit initiatives. Russ was a special leader in the world of higher education and public service, and a leader in the African American community. Ev-erywhere he went, he made a positive impact on those around him. Fond memories of Russ will forever remain with his daughter Lynn Jollivette Johns, and his two beautiful grandchildren, Richard Frank-lin II and Lauren Marie. Mr. Speaker, I was truly honored to have known Russ and to call him my friend. He was kind and generous person, who was always giving back. I know that Russ’ spirit and loving memory will always live on. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends during this extremely difficult time. He will be dearly missed. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 162; YEA on Roll Call No. 163; NAY on Roll Call No. 164; and YEA on Roll Call No. 165. 
f 
HONORING WADE THOMAS ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Wade Thomas Elementary School in Marin County for its recognition on May 3, 2018 as a 2018 California Distinguished School by the California Department of Edu-cation. Chosen for its exemplary high perform-ance, as measured by state and national as-sessments, Wade Thomas Elementary School was one of 287 schools to attain this honor statewide. This highly competitive award re-flects outstanding achievement and the high-est caliber of professional service, family com-mitment, and community engagement. With 412 students across six grades, Wade Thomas Elementary School offers comprehen-sive educational programs that academically challenge and instill a joy of learning in its stu-dents while ensuring that all children have the skills and knowledge to reach their full poten-tial. Mr. Speaker, this hard-earned distinction re-flects true community success. From the stu-dents and their families, to the staff and ad-ministrators, and the extended community, Wade Thomas Elementary School has devel-oped an education model for the state and the nation: empowering today’s students to be to-morrow’s problem-solvers, inventors, and pio-neers. Please join me in congratulating Wade Thomas Elementary School on this impressive achievement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.009 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE590 May 7, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE ROCKFORD AU-BURN HIGH SCHOOL QUIZ BOWL TEAM ON BEING RANKED 16TH IN THE WORLD 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Rockford Auburn High School Quiz Bowl Team for being ranked 16th on the list of the top 100 quiz bowl teams in the world. The Rockford Auburn High School team is advised by Coach Elizabeth Zorn and com-prised of students Ethan Strombeck, Morad Suliman, Lily Chavez, Leif Verace and Kodai Speich. Quiz bowl is a challenging academic com-petition, where high school students are quizzed on a variety of subjects ranging from science and literature to history and mathe-matics. I would like to commend the Rockford Auburn High School students on all of their hard work this year, and recognize the strong leadership of Coach Elizabeth Zorn. Mr. Speaker, once again I would like to con-gratulate the Rockford Auburn High School Quiz Bowl Team for being ranked one of the top 100 quiz bowl teams in the world. Their dedication to academic excellence makes me especially proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Con-gressional District, and I wish them the best of luck in future competitions. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NATHAN CONYERS 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Nathan Conyers a veteran, media professional, publisher, entrepreneur, activist, mentor, faith leader and trailblazer. Nathan Conyers passed away on April 27, 2018 at the age of 72 years. Nathan Conyers was a South Carolina na-tive and was the youngest of seven children. He attended public school in Paxville, SC in Clarendon County. The Conyers family would later move to Sumter, SC, where Nathan grad-uated from Lincoln High School in 1964. He enlisted in the U.S. Army and after com-pleting basic and advanced training in commu-nications, he was sent to Germany where he served for the duration of his military career until being honorably discharged. After his military service Nathan Conyers relocated to Atlanta, Georgia graduated from Clark College (now Clark Atlanta University) where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science. He held down full time employment while attending college; he worked at Time Magazine’s Atlanta bureau for 6 years. He was quite industrious; attending classes at Clark in the morning, working at the Times in the afternoon and studying at night. Nathan Conyers relocated to Milwaukee soon and found work with The Milwaukee Community Journal as a writer and reporter. Nathan Conyers also worked for State Senator Monroe Swan, Wisconsin’s first African Amer-ican State Senator. He served as a legislative aide during a nearly 10 year tenure utilizing his strong journalism and political skills. In 1981, Conyers joined forces with Mrs. Johnson, local realtor Luther Golden, and Lynda Jackson, to establish a bi-weekly news-paper entitled The Christian Times devoted to church news within the city’s African American faith community. The paper expanded to cover more general community news and was re-named The Milwaukee Times Weekly News-paper within the year, while The Christian Times remains as a standing feature section to this day. He opened the first Econoprint franchise in Wisconsin owned by an African American. In 1985, the Milwaukee Times publishing team launched the annual Black Excellence Awards program as a way to pay tribute to the good works of ordinary people from Milwau-kee’s black community who were accom-plishing extraordinary things, yet going unno-ticed. To date, nearly 1,000 black Milwaukeeans have been named as Black Ex-cellence Awards honorees. Nathan Conyers promoted education of youth and at the third Black Excellence Awards program in 1988 assisted his co- founder, Mrs. Louvenia Johnson in launching The Louvenia Johnson Journalism Scholarship Fund. While the scholarship began to assist college-bound high school graduates to pur-sue careers in print and broadcast journalism, it has expanded to offer financial support to graduating high school seniors seeking a de-gree in any major. To date, the 501c3 non-profit, charitable organization has awarded more than half a million dollars to area stu-dents through the scholarship fund. Nathan believed in promoting journalism for youth, the newspaper sponsored The Mil-waukee Times Weekly Newspaper High School Journalism Workshop. This internship program beginning in 1991 operated for three years. The program gave area students hands-on, paid experience in news writing, ed-iting, photojournalism, printing and publishing skills. Nathan Conyers believed in economic de-velopment, job creation and giving back to the community. In fact, The Milwaukee Times Weekly Newspaper and its parent company, NCON Publishing and Printing Company has been a prolific creator of jobs within Milwau-kee’s central city for more than three decades. Further, he served as an advisor or board member to many community organizations in-cluding: the interdenominational faith group Pastors United; the Milwaukee Chapter of Op-eration PUSH; and Independence First, an ad-vocacy organization for people with disabil-ities, Discovery World, Milwaukee Urban League, the NAACP Milwaukee Branch, and Miller (Brewing) Ride for the Arts. Nathan was the beloved husband for 35 years of educator, Lynda Jackson Conyers and the loving father of daughters Morgan and Deloris. As a man of faith, he and his family attended Community Baptist Church of Great-er Milwaukee. He leaves a strong legacy of leadership for all people to model. Mr. Speaker, Nathan was my friend. I am blessed to have worked with him on many projects that assisted the community. Also on personal level, he and his wife Lynda, have been so helpful to me and my family as we grappled with the loss of family members. They were both so patient, thoughtful and kind. Nathan devoted his life to serving the community with a positive spirit. Milwaukee and Wisconsin have been made better as a result of his service to the 4th Congressional District. I urge my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in a sa-lute to the late Nathan Conyers. f 
HONORING ENCUENTRO HOME HEALTH AIDE PROGRAM 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Encuentro’s Home Health Aide Program and the 24 graduates of the spring 2018 class. Encuentro is a New Mexico organization that provides high quality adult education to immigrants through a variety of programs in-cluding the Workforce and Small Business De-velopment Initiative. This program provides im-migrants with supportive services in addition to education and training in order to support meaningful career development. In January of 2016, they introduced the Home Health Aide program as part of this initiative in order to train and support immigrants to be employed in the fast-growing home health care industry. I want to take this opportunity to congratu-late the 24 members of the spring 2018 class on their completion of the Home Health Aide Program, I wish them well as they embark on this new and exciting journey. They have taken it upon themselves to study and earn a certificate in a skill that makes our commu-nities better and helps people live healthier and more productive lives. It is their story that keeps true the idea that our country is a place of opportunity. Over the last 15 weeks these individuals have sacrificed their time to complete the course and the clinical work needed to not just meet, but to exceed the state’s training re-quirements for Personal Care Attendees and Home Health Aides. With their new certifi-cation, they are now able to provide care to older adults and individuals with disabilities who need extra support to live independently. I know firsthand how tough of a job this is but also how fulfilling it is. Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my gratitude to the Encuentro Home Health Aide Program and my congratulations to the spring 2018 class. I wish them the best of luck in all their future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JENNIFER NORRIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jennifer Norris. She will be presented with the Appre-ciation Award from the Salvation Army at their annual dinner on May 9, 2018. Jennifer is the Director of Recreational Min-istries and oversees the Basketball and Day Camp activities at Citadel. She will soon be an officer in the Salvation Army. Mr. Speaker, I commend Jennifer Norris for receiving this outstanding award and for her continued commitment to making her commu-nity better. I am proud to represent her, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.014 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE591 May 7, 2018 
Iowans like her, in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jennifer Norris and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE CITY OF MANTECA 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and honor the City of Manteca on a tremendous milestone—the celebration of its first centennial. As Manteca enters into its 100th year, I wish to honor and mark its his-tory as a member of the Central Valley com-munity. In 1918, Manteca entered cityhood. The city was destined to become a burgeoning agricul-tural center due to it combination of good soil, excellent climate, and clean water. Manteca has also seen many progressive transitions in the development of new industries that have brought a flux of families to the Central Valley. Originally known as the sand plains, Manteca was first settled by Native Ameri-cans. Following California’s Gold Rush, Josh-ua Crowell, the ‘‘Father of Manteca,’’ served as the City’s first Mayor. Several businesses sprouted and thrived in the City during its formative years. When the World War II econ-omy introduced non-agriculture related indus-tries to Manteca, the city enjoyed an inflow of population approaching 40,000 people in the mid to late 20th century. Manteca’s robust growth and development throughout its history has provided plenty of opportunity for its fami-lies. Today, the City of Manteca boasts more than 75,000 residents and a thriving economy, while attracting increases in both tourism and interests from leading developers. Thanks to the contributions of Manteca residents like the Mural Society, it has become a successful and impactful city. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating the City of Manteca on their first 100 years and honor the city for its ongoing con-tribution to our nation. 
f 
CELEBRATING BUILDING SAFETY MONTH 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the beginning of Building Safety Month and to recognize the men and women of the International Code Council (ICC) who have dedicated their livelihoods to ensuring the pub-lic safety of Americans. Building safety and fire prevention officials, architects, engineers, builders, tradespeople, design professionals, laborers and others in the construction industry work year-round to ensure the safe construction and maintenance of buildings. It is through their efforts that our nation continues to address critical safety issues in the built environment that affect our citizens in both everyday life and in times of natural disaster. These individuals, who are dedicated mem-bers of the International Code Council, de-velop and implement the highest quality codes to protect Americans in the buildings where we work, live, and play. The International Codes, the most widely adopted building safety and fire prevention codes in the nation, are used by most U.S. cit-ies, counties and all 50 states including my State of Vermont. These modem building safe-ty codes also include safeguards to protect the public from natural disasters, such as hurri-canes, snowstorms, tornadoes, wildland fires, floods and earthquakes. Each year, in observance of Building Safety Month, which is sponsored by the International Code Council, Americans are encouraged to raise awareness of the importance of safe and resilient construction, fire prevention, disaster mitigation, and new technologies in the con-struction industry. The theme for Building Safety Month 2018, ‘‘Building Codes Save Lives,’’ encourages ap-propriate steps everyone can take to ensure that the places where we live, learn, work, worship and play are safe, and recognizes that countless lives have been saved due to the implementation of safety codes by local and state agencies. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking ICC Board President Mr. Jay Elbettar, the Inter-national Code Council leadership, and its Members as they recognize Building Safety Month. f 
COST ESTIMATE ON H.R. 4569, THE COUNTERTERRORISM INFORMA-TION SHARING IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, the following cost estimate for H.R. 4569, the Counterter-rorism Information Sharing Improvement Act of 2017, prepared by the Congressional Budget Office was not made available to the Com-mittee at the time of filing of the legislative re-port. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, May 4, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL MCCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 4569, the Counterterrorism Information Sharing Improvement Act of 2017. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Mark Grabowicz. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. H.R. 4569—C
OUNTERTERRORISM INFORMATION  S
HARING IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 As passed by the House of Representatives on January 9, 2018 H.R. 4569 would direct the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to ensure that it has access to any biographical and biometric data collected by federal agencies (such as the Department of Defense) on people associ-ated with terrorist organizations. Because DHS currently carries out similar activities, CBO estimates that implementing H.R. 4569 would have no significant effect on spending by DHS or other agencies. Enacting H.R. 4569 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you- go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 4569 would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2029. H.R. 4569 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Mark Grabowicz. The estimate was reviewed by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. f RECOGNIZING THE SEVENTH AN-NUAL COCOA BEACH KIDNEY WALK AND THOSE WHO HAVE GIVEN THE PRECIOUS GIFT OF LIFE 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, May 12, 2018, thousands of residents from across Central Florida will gather at the Cocoa Beach Pier in Cocoa Beach, Florida, to take part in the Seventh Annual ‘‘Footprints in the Sand’’ Cocoa Beach Kidney Walk. Katie and I have joined others in our community in participating every year since the first walk was organized in 2012 by Rich Salick, Bill Hahn and volun-teers with the Florida Chapter of the National Kidney Foundation. The ‘‘Footprints in the Sand’’ Kidney Walk brings our community together to show our love and concern. So many of us have family, friends and loved ones that are afflicted by kidney disease and they need our strength and support. The road ahead is not easy for them, but as the kidney walk demonstrates, they do not have to travel that path alone. The National Kidney Foundation, its sup-porters and activists have made a significant difference in people’s lives. They not only raise awareness about this disease but they have helped push for much needed changes in our laws and new innovations to give pa-tients more treatment options and a better quality of life. This year organizers of the kidney walk will recognize organ donors and their families for giving the precious gift of life so that others could receive a second chance and continue with their lives. Those recognized include: Patricia Brown on behalf of Michael Robert Brown, Mary and Bill Carpenter on behalf of Shawn Carpenter, Billie Lomonaco on behalf of Tiffany Accardi, Dawn and Mike Futch on behalf of Michael- Gene Futch, Deborah and Dennis Thrope on behalf of Jessica Carter, Diane Couch on be-half of Linda Couch, Jasmine and Trip Persaud on behalf of Tribhawan Anand Persaud, Chris and Laura Dawkins on behalf of Brooke Dawkins, Jen and Timothy Eden on behalf of Blake Eden, Laila Merolle on behalf of Mario Merolle, Patricia and Obdulio Rivera on behalf of Sebastian Rivera, Ada Torres and Efrain Morales on behalf of Neysha Estrella, Michelle Lashley on behalf of Jharod Lashley, Theresa Black on behalf of Timothy Bishop, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.017 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE592 May 7, 2018 
Neil and Vivien Pogeler on behalf of Scott Pogeler, Dee Hill on behalf of Cora Hill and Jeb Jones. I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the strong will of these caring families, their loved ones, and all those who have joined the effort and worked tirelessly to raise awareness about kidney disease. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JOHN PASCHALL’S APPOINTMENT TO THE AIR FORCE JUNIOR RE-SERVE OFFICER TRAINING CADET FLIGHT ACADEMY 
HON. WILL HURD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to offer my sincere congratulations to Mr. John Paschall upon his appointment to the Air Force Junior Reserve Officer Training Cadet Flight Academy. This appointment is one of the first of its kind and speaks to Mr. Paschall’s work ethic and commitment to ex-cellence. I am proud to represent hardworking young men and women like John in Texas’s 23rd Congressional District. W. H. Taft High School is fortunate to have such a dedicated indi-vidual representing the student body. I am confident that the skills and lessons he will learn through this experience will continue to serve him well. I have no doubt that John’s talents and abilities will help him in his future endeavors. I encourage this young man to continue to serve others and be an active voice in his community as he continues his education. Congratulations again on this fine achieve-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAME ALLGEIER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sam Allgeier. He will be presented with the Excel-lence in Leadership Award from the Salvation Army at their annual dinner on May 9, 2018. Mr. Allgeier has coached in the Youth Bas-ketball Program since 1986 and was instru-mental in rebooting the program in 2002. He currently is the lead referee and spends many hours recruiting coaches and referees for the program. Mr. Speaker, I commend Sam Allgeier for receiving this outstanding award and for his continued commitment to making his commu-nity better. I am proud to represent him, and Iowans like him, in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Sam Allgeier and in wishing him nothing but continued success. IN RECOGNITION OF WORLD LYMPHEDEMA DAY HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to World Lymphedema Day. World Lymphedema Day is committed to increasing awareness of a dis-ease that affects up to 10 million Americans and an estimated 150 million people world-wide. Lymphedema is an extremely understudied yet common disease that occurs when the body’s natural lymphatic drainage system is underdeveloped, blocked, or damaged. The lymphatic fluid, unable to properly drain, be-comes trapped in a particular area of the body like the arms, legs, torso, head, or neck. The resulting swelling can hinder mobility and im-pair proper bodily functions. In many cases, the swelling can cause extreme pain dramati-cally reducing quality of life. Stanford University estimates that 10 million Americans are affected by lymphedema; how-ever, lymphedema research continues to be chronically underfunded. This has led to an’ unfortunate number of misdiagnosis and under-treatment of the disease, which add sig-nificant costs to patients and the healthcare in-dustry. Lymphedema can be inheritable or result from a trauma or health complication later in life. Secondary Lymphedema is reported to develop after health experiences such as can-cer treatment, radiation therapy, major sur-gery, and severe burns. Combat injuries sus-tained by the brave men and women who don the uniform in defense of our country signifi-cantly increase the risk of developing lymphedema. Lymphedema affects an estimated 15 per-cent of all cancer survivors and 40 percent of all breast cancer survivors. This is particularly concerning as one in eight women will be di-agnosed with breast cancer at some point in their lives. I have long fought to increase funding for breast cancer research by the National Insti-tutes of Health, and have recently passed leg-islation that will increase funding for research through the Breast Cancer Awareness Com-memorative Coin Act. The New York State legislature recently passed a resolution recognizing March 6 as the 2nd Annual World Lymphedema Day and the U.S. Senate commemorated the day in the last Congress. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the amazing dedication and strength of the advocates, patients, and health care providers calling for increased awareness of and research funding for lymphedema as we mark World Lymphedema Day. 
f 
HONORING VIRGINIA TECH PRESI-DENT EMERITUS CHARLES WIL-LIAM STEGER, JR. 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Virginia Tech President Emeritus Charles William Steger, Jr., who passed away on May 6, 2018 at the age of 70. He was a Hokie through-and-through, and he guided the uni-versity to great achievements, bringing new acclaim to this beacon of higher learning in Southwest Virginia. Dr. Steger devoted most of his adult life to Virginia Tech. He graduated from the univer-sity in 1970 with a bachelor’s degree in archi-tecture, followed by a master’s degree in the same subject the following year and a Ph.D. in environmental sciences and engineering in 1978. Before becoming president in 2000, he taught and held numerous administrative posts, including dean of the College of Archi-tecture and Urban Studies, acting vice presi-dent for public services, and vice president for development and university relations. As president of Virginia Tech from 2000 to 2014, Dr. Steger led the university to new heights. He presided over growth in enrollment and the construction of 40 major new build-ings, including the arts center, the Virginia Tech Research Center—Arlington, and the College of Engineering’s Goodwin Hall. Re-search blossomed as the university’s expendi-tures in this area grew from $192 million to over $450 million during his tenure. He was passionate about raising Virginia Tech’s profile in fields which promise the jobs of tomorrow, establishing a school of biomedical engineer-ing and helping to bring together the Virginia Tech Carilion School of Medicine and Re-search Institute. Under the leadership of Dr. Steger, Virginia Tech grew in size, reputation, and academic excellence. It is hard to imagine a more terrible event to face a university president than the horrific shooting that took place at Virginia Tech on April 16, 2007. During that time of agony and grief, Dr. Steger led the university with remark-able dignity. Many honors and awards recognized Dr. Steger for his contributions to education, in-cluding the Michael P. Malone International Leadership Award from the Association of Public and Land-Grant Universities, the Chief Executive Leadership Award from the Council for Advancement and Support of Education, District III, and the Compass Award from the New Century Technology Council. After retir-ing from Virginia Tech’s presidency, Dr. Steger became executive director of the Global Forum on Urban and Regional Resilience. I, along with many in Virginia and across the nation, held Dr. Charles William Steger, Jr. in the highest esteem. He is survived by his wife of 48 years, Janet, his son Christopher Steger and wife Elizabeth Schumann, and his son David Steger and fiance´e Alison Nemeth. He will for-ever be remembered by the Virginia Tech community he loved and led. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SER-GEANT JAMES ‘‘JIM’’ VINCENT M
CGRAIL, IV 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of James ‘‘Jim’’ Vincent McGrail, IV. We lost Jim on April 29, 2018, one day shy of his 64th birthday. Jim lived in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.021 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE593 May 7, 2018 
the Bay Area his entire life, and he worked tirelessly to serve his community. Jim grew up in San Lorenzo, California, and he attended San Lorenzo High School. Fol-lowing graduation, Jim began serving his com-munity with the Alameda County Sheriff’s Of-fice. In 1976, Jim became a deputy sheriff and spent 14 years protecting and serving our community. During his time with the Sheriff’s Office, he was promoted to sergeant and was assigned to the Santa Rita Jail, Regional Training Cen-ter, the Eden Township Substation Patrol and the Detective Division. While Jim successfully investigated multiple homicide cases during his tenure with the Sheriff’s Office, he also was busy furthering his own education. Jim earned a bachelor’s degree from the University of San Francisco and a law degree from the John F. Kennedy School of Law. Upon passing the California Bar, Jim left law enforcement to pursue a ca-reer as a prosecutor with the Alameda County District Attorney’s Office. He served as a pros-ecutor for two years before opening his own law practice in Livermore, California. Even after moving to private law practice, Jim continued to give back to his community through his work on the Alameda County Fair Board, Livermore Rodeo Foundation Board, as the Vice President of Zone 7 Water Agency, and at his family winery, McGrail Vineyards. When four Oakland police officers were killed in 2009, Jim named his most popular wine after them and donated proceeds from every sale in their honor. Throughout his career Jim was dedicated to serving Alameda County. I am grateful to have known Jim, and his legacy of kindness and service is survived by his wife Ginger, his daughters, Heather and Shannon, and his son, Alameda County Sheriff’s Office Captain James McGrail. My thoughts and prayers are with his family, and he will forever be remem-bered for his invaluable contributions to our community. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF EDDIE DIEGO REYES 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late Eddie Diego Reyes. Eddie was a proud son of Guam and faithful public servant throughout his life. Eddie served the people of Guam as the Lt. Governor of Guam from 1983 to 1987 along-side my husband, the late Governor Ricky Bordallo. He was born on January 24, 1930 and lived a full and admirable life, passing away on Sunday, April 15, 2018 in Honolulu, Hawaii at the age of 88. Eddie was the eldest of 9 brothers and sis-ters of Juan Guevara Reyes and Ana San Nicolas Diego. As the eldest, he carried much of the family responsibility and worked for his father in their liquor stores in Asan and Mangilao. He graduated from George Wash-ington High School in 1950 and sparked his military career in the ROTC Program at the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Sociology in 1954. In 1965, he also re-ceived his Master of Business Administration in management from George Washington Uni-versity. Eddie served in the United States Air Force from 1954 to 1982 when he moved to Guam to run for Lt. Governor. In 1972 Eddie Reyes attained the rank of full Colonel and retired after serving in the U.S. Air Force for nearly 29 years with primary specialty in Director of Personnel Management. He served his country as a Vietnam War Veteran with service awards in Meritorious Service Medal with Two Oak Leaf Clusters, Air Force Commendation Medal with One Oak Leaf Cluster and Outstanding Unit Award Re-public of Vietnam Service Medal. Eddie also served at the Pentagon’s Office of Joint Chiefs of Staff, five Major Command Headquarters and was Management Advisor to the Royal Thai Air Force. Though he was not a politician, Ricky and I saw something special in Eddie, and knew he was the man to serve as Lt. Governor along-side him. Eddie served as Lt. Governor with my late husband Governor Ricardo Bordallo from 1983 to 1987. He was responsible for the day-to-day operations of Executive Branch in-cluding the management of the Washington D.C. Liaison Office. He chaired the Governor’s Committees on Fiscal Policy, Legislative Re-view and the White Collar Crime Task Force on Fraud and Abuse. After completing his term as Lt. Governor, Eddie also served as an instructor at the Uni-versity of Guam and later served the people of Guam as a senator in the 20th and 22nd Guam Legislature. Eddie was also involved in the community and served as the Vice President of St. An-thony Parish Council, and as a member of the Air Force Retiree Association, the Air Force Association and the Air Force Institute of Technology Association and the National Con-ference of Lieutenant Governors. I will always remember Eddie for his loyalty and service to our island and our nation. I am deeply saddened by his death, and I join the people of Guam in celebrating his life, and recognizing and remembering his dedicated service to Guam. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife of 63 years, Guadalupe C. Reyes and their family. He will be missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GALENA PUB-LIC LIBRARY ON THEIR 124TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Galena Public Library on their 124th anniversary. The library was recently recognized by the Galena Chamber of Com-merce with a Gold Ribbon cutting for their out-standing efforts to promote free education for all. The Galena Public Library has grown tre-mendously over the years and become a pillar in the community. The library has gone above and beyond in serving the community and now welcomes great lecturers on a wide range of topics. I have had the pleasure of visiting the Galena library myself, and I am proud to rec-ognize them as they celebrate this milestone. Mr. Speaker, I would like to once again con-gratulate the Galena Public Library on their 124th anniversary and for their commitment to the residents of Galena. I wish them the best of luck as they continue to serve our commu-nity. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, on April 26, I missed the following votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 155; NAY on Roll Call No. 156; NAY on Roll Call No. 157; YEA on Roll Call No. 158; NAY on Roll Call No. 159; YEA on Roll Call No. 160; and YEA on Roll Call No. 161. 
f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SPAN-ISH SPEAKING ELDERLY COUN-CIL—RAICES 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to pay tribute to the Spanish Speaking Elderly Council— RAICES as it celebrates its 40th Anniversary on May 17, 2018. This invaluable organization was founded in 1978 by retired Hispanic senior citizens to meet the needs of New York City’s growing Latino community in Brooklyn. Instead of en-joying retirement, determined retirees and founders went back to work to create an orga-nization that would lift communication and service barriers for elderly Latinos. Through its activities, workshops, outings and classes, RAICES provides an opportunity for seniors to receive resources, information, exercise and nutrition, but also an opportunity to give back to the community through pro-grams. Members have learned about elder abuse, crime prevention, and fire safety. In addition to building upon their skills, knowledge and ability, it provides members with an array of case assistance, advocacy, benefits and entitlement assistance, improving the lives of hundreds of seniors living below or at the federal poverty line. Today, RAICES operates seven senior cen-ters in the counties of Brooklyn and Queens New York. I congratulate Spanish Speaking Elderly Council—RAICES, Inc. for forty years of invaluable services. I commend Lisette Sosa-Dickson, Executive Director and Board of Directors for their leadership and public service. I wish RAICES many more years of continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.026 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE594 May 7, 2018 
HONORING ROSS ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ross Elementary School in Marin Coun-ty for its recognition on May 3, 2018 as a 2018 California Distinguished School by the California Department of Education. Chosen for its exemplary high performance, as meas-ured by state and national assessments, Ross Elementary School was one of 287 schools to attain this honor statewide. This highly com-petitive award reflects outstanding achieve-ment and the highest caliber of professional service, family commitment, and community engagement. With 366 students, Ross Elementary School offers comprehensive educational programs that academically challenge and instill a joy of learning in its students while ensuring that all children have the skills and knowledge to reach their full potential. Mr. Speaker, this hard-earned distinction re-flects true community success. From the stu-dents and their families, to the staff and ad-ministrators, and the extended community, Ross Elementary School has developed an education model for the state and the nation: empowering today’s students to be tomorrow’s problem-solvers, inventors, and pioneers. Please join me in congratulating Ross Ele-mentary School on this impressive achieve-ment. 
f 
HONORING DR. SILVIA M. DIEGO 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and honor Dr. Silvia M. Diego for receiving the John Darroch Memorial Award for Physician of the Year from the Stanislaus Medical Society; and to personally thank her for her years of service working to better the lives of residents in the Central Valley and the state of California. Silvia Diego grew up in a small town in the San Joaquin valley as the daughter of farm worker parents. She attended Fresno State University and, with the love and support of her family, was able to receive a Bachelor of Arts in Biology in 1989. She later went on to earn her medical degree from the Stanford University School of Medicine in 1994. After receiving her medical degree, Dr. Diego returned to the Central Valley to serve the impoverished and uninsured residents of the region. In 1996 she began working with Golden Valley Health Centers, where she would go on to serve as Clinical Director, As-sociate Medical Director, and as Chief Medical Officer. In 2014 she opened a private medical practice in Modesto, CA where she continues to serve disadvantaged members of the com-munity. Throughout her time as a physician, Dr. Silvia Diego has received numerous awards and honors. In 2009 she was appointed to the Medical Board of California, and in 2018 she was awarded the Distinguished Alumni Faculty Award from the University of California, Davis. Since 1998, the Stanislaus Medical Society has bestowed the John Darroch Memorial Award to physicians who demonstrate profes-sionalism, dedication to patients, collegial sup-port and community involvement. Dr. Diego has exemplified all of these excellent qualities throughout her medical career, and I can think of no one more deserving of this distinguished honor. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing Dr. Silvia M. Diego for her unwav-ering leadership, many accomplishments, and contributions on behalf of God, the community, and the Nation. God bless her always. f 
TRIBUTE TO HEATHER CALKINS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Heather Calkins. She will be presented with the Begie Hefner Volunteer Award from the Salvation Army at their annual dinner on May 9, 2018. Heather has helped for years with the week- long Christmas sign-ups for Toy Shop and helps at the shop. She is a leader in the Corps and works with one of the youth groups every Wednesday night. Mr. Speaker, I commend Heather Calkins for receiving this outstanding award and for her continued commitment to making her com-munity better. I am proud to represent her, and Iowans like her, in the United States Con-gress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Heather Calkins and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, and for other purposes: 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 (H.R. 4). Since 2012, Congress has been unable to pass a long-term reauthorization of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration (FAA). It is long overdue that we continue to ensure safe skies for the American people while also providing stability for our air traffic controllers. This legis-lation reauthorizes the FAA through 2023 and will offer the funding reliability needed to make improvements to our airports and air transpor-tation infrastructure. I am also pleased that Republican Leadership abandoned their long-standing push to privatize America’s air traffic control system which would have been down-right fiscally irresponsible. H.R. 4 also includes a number of amend-ments unrelated to FAA reauthorization. One amendment that I support is the important dis-aster relief and recovery provisions that will di-rectly help Americans in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and others around the country who remain vulnerable to natural disasters. These amendments to the Stafford Act will help communities rebuild from disasters such as Hurricanes Irma and Maria, and will allow Americans to better prepare for future storms. Not only will this legislation help Americans re-build, it will save taxpayers down the road by reducing future recovery costs. While I agree with this amendment, it is disheartening that it took this long for Congress to act to give the people of disaster-struck areas the relief they need. I do remain deeply concerned with two par-tisan amendments that were added to the bill on the House floor. The first amendment would pre-empt state and local laws that limit the hours a trucker can drive. This amend-ment is not only dangerous, but it has no busi-ness being in legislation that reauthorizes the FAA. Make no mistake, if this partisan provi-sion is not stripped out by the Senate, truck drivers and all Americans who drive on our interstate system will be less safe. I am also troubled by an amendment that specifically targets the makeup of the Metro-politan Council in Minnesota. The Lewis Amendment represents an alarming infringe-ment by the Federal Government on the local transit decision-making process in the Twin Cities metro area. By requiring the Metropoli-tan Council to shift from a citizens’ board ap-pointed by the Governor of Minnesota to a lo-cally elected board in order to keep its status as a Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO), this amendment would throw transit planning for the entire Twin Cities metro area into political infighting and chaos. This amend-ment would stall transit planning for the metro region, significantly threaten future federal funding for Minnesota and inhibit the contin-ued growth of our culturally diverse and eco-nomically dynamic metro area. I plan on work-ing with Ranking Member De Fazio and my Senate counterparts to ensure that this mis-guided and non-germane amendment is re-moved in conference. I would also like to in-clude in the RECORD an Op-Ed from The Star Tribune as well as a letter from Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton, explaining why this amendment is harmful to Minnesota. Again, I am pleased that the House of Rep-resentatives is finally able to pass this long overdue but bipartisan reauthorization of the FAA. As the 115th Congress moves forward, I hope Congressional Republicans will con-tinue to work with Democrats to invest in America’s transportation system. 
STATE OF MINNESOTA , Saint Paul, MN, April 30, 2018. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL : On April 27, 2018, the United States House of Representatives passed H.R. 4, FAA Reau-thorization Act of 2018. As the Senate pre-pares to take up FAA reauthorization legis-lation, I urge you not to include language from the House bill that would effectively end the Metropolitan Council’s designation as the Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO) for the Twin Cities region of Min-nesota. H.R. 4 will modify a statute relating to MPOs established prior to December 18, 1991, by now requiring local elected officials to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.031 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE595 May 7, 2018 
serve on their governing boards. The Metro-politan Council has consisted of governor-ap-pointed members since 1967 and has never had elected officials serve as members. In 1973, the Metropolitan Council was des-ignated the MPO by the governor to meet the new federal requirement, because it was already serving the purpose of an MPO be-fore they were federally required—to ensure the coordination of land use and transpor-tation planning. In 1974, the state legislature also designated the Metropolitan Council as MPO in Minnesota state statute. The Metro-politan Council has properly and effectively served this function for 45 years, and amend-ment H.R. 4 would rescind this MPO model. In 1974, the Minnesota State Legislature also created the TAB to align more closely with federal MPO requirements and guide the Metropolitan Council’s transportation funding decisions. Elected officials play a powerful role in spending federal transpor-tation money through the Transportation Advisory Board (TAB). Today, the 34-mem-ber TAB consists of citizens and representa-tives of municipalities and counties, in fact, 18 of 34 members are elected officials. The TAB allocates the MPO’s federal funds, and the Metropolitan Council’s powers are lim-ited to either concurrence or returning the decisions to TAB for reconsideration. The U.S. Department of Transportation has grandfathered the Metropolitan Coun-cil’s unique governance structure, as allowed under current law, for over 25 years. The Federal Transit Administration and the Fed-eral Highway Administration have also re-cently reaffirmed the Metropolitan Council’s status. I reiterate my request that the Senate ex-clude this damaging MPO provision from the Senate FAA reauthorization bill. Elimi-nating the Metropolitan Council’s MPO sta-tus would trigger a lengthy redesignation process that would bring uncertainty about federally funded transportation projects in the Twin Cities, and circumvent a long-standing and productive process at a time when transportation investment is critical to our region. Thank you for your consideration. M
ARKDAYTON , Governor. 
[From Star Tribune, Apr. 26, 2018] U.S. H
OUSE APPROVES MEASURE TAKING AIM 
ATMETCOUNCIL  (By Eric Roper) Rep. Jason Lewis objects to powerful re-gional board being nonelected. The Metropolitan Council would be stripped of its authority to distribute mil-lions of federal transportation dollars if a provision approved by the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives on Thursday becomes law. The measure, sponsored by U.S. Rep. Jason Lewis, R-Minn., tackles long-simmering complaints about gubernatorial appointees, rather than elected officials, leading the powerful regional government. The council’s status as the Twin Cities’ of-ficial transportation planning organization is grandfathered into federal law, which oth-erwise mandates that those boards must have local elected officials. ‘‘We now have in the Minneapolis-St. Paul region the only board in the country that is entirely nonelected, the only [transportation planning organization] that has the author-ity to independently raise taxes and is non-elected,’’ Lewis said during debate on his amendment, tacked onto the Federal Avia-tion Administration bill. The measure’s future is uncertain in the Senate, which has yet to vote on its own FAA reauthorization bill. In a letter to the state’s congressional delegation Wednesday, Gov. Mark Dayton, a DFLer, warned that the change would ‘‘circumvent a long-standing and productive process at a time when trans-portation investment is critical to our re-gion.’’ Met Council Chair Alene Tchourumoff also criticized the proposal.‘‘We cannot predict whether the region, and its many diverse in-terests, would be able to continue to find common ground on building a new [planning organization],’’ Tchourumoff said in a state-ment. ‘‘This uncertainty could paralyze our regional transportation planning and fund-ing efforts, putting billions of dollars in fed-eral funding at risk.’’ Lewis said the existing structure already breeds uncertainty. ‘‘Uncertainty is a board that changes course every time there’s a new election in the governor’s mansion,’’ Lewis said. U.S. Rep. Rick Larsen, D–Wash., said Lewis’ amendment ‘‘is attempting to break apart the operating structure of a local [planning organization] seemingly to punish it.’’ The Met Council’s structure has been con-troversial since its creation in the 1960s. Re-publican state legislators are advancing bills to replace the board with elected officials. Dayton vetoed a similar effort last year. The federal government requires metro areas to have a planning organization to co-ordinate and plan for how the region doles out federal transportation funds. The law says they must include local elected offi-cials, except for those operating under a state law passed before 1991. A number of suburban counties hired a lobbyist in 2015 to argue that the Met Council was running afoul of those rules. They were rebuffed by federal transportation officials. In its deci-sions on which projects to fund, the council seeks recommendations from a transpor-tation advisory board made up partly of local elected officials. But that board is not the designated planning organization for the Twin Cities. f IN MEMORY OF MARY ELEANOR WIGGINS BOWERS 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, South Carolina last week paid tribute to the late Mary Eleanor Wiggins Bowers of Estill, South Carolina. She will always be cherished as a Southern Lady who lovingly served con-stituents at the U.S. House of Representatives Office in Estill. The following thoughtful obituary was pub-lished in The State on May 4, 2018: 
Mary Eleanor Wiggins Bowers died at home in Estill, surrounded by her adoring family after a long, rich, and wonderful life. Born March 20, 1931 in Estill, South Carolina to Robert Graham and Louise Folk Wiggins, she was the granddaughter of Thomas Jack-son and May Smoak Folk and Robert Gra-ham and Mary Crane Wiggins all of Estill. Mary Eleanor finished Estill High School as valedictorian and attended Mercer Uni-versity. She loved to jitterbug, once dancing holes in the soles of the shoes bought that day and always said she fell in love with her Corrin while ‘‘cuttin’ a rug’’. She married ‘‘that cute Bowers boy’’ of Luray on August 27, 1949. She was the mother of Sharon B. Green (Roy), Mayor Corrin Fitts Bowers, Jr. (Sallie) both of Estill, Elizabeth B. Palles (Mitch), and Graham B. Solana (Mark) both of Savannah. Grandsons include John Green (Deana) of Jacksonville, Corrin Green (Hanna) of Pawley’s Island, Andrew Green (Elizabeth) of Aiken, Mitchell Palles III of Charlotte, Corrin Fitts Bowers III (Abigail) of Estill, Joseph Solana II, and Henry Solana of Savannah; three granddaughters, Mary Crane Palles Orne (David) of Savannah, Lou-isa Bowers Beach (Brandon) of Estill, and Mary Tippins Solana of Savannah; seven great grandsons, Patrick, William, and Thomas Green of Jacksonville, Corrin Green, Jr., and Samuel Green of Pawley’s Island, Marshall Beach of Estill, and Charles Orne of Savannah, two great granddaughters, Sallie Sims Beach of Estill, and Eliza Green of Aiken. She often stated ‘‘My big family is the best thing ever!’’ She loved the Lord and was a lifelong member of Lawtonville Baptist Church, sang in the choir, taught Sunday School, GAs, Sunbeams, Young Women’s Association, and led Training Union for many years with Corrin. She served as W.M.U. president on two occasions, was a Circle leader, served on two pastor search committees, and was a charter member and chair of the Lawtonville Historical Society. For years, she collected children from around Luray to study the Bible on the family farm. Mama Mama, as she was known to her grandchildren and many who loved her, could bring a room to life with her magnetic personality and gift of gab. Often drawing company with her encyclopedic knowledge of the area’s rich history and genealogy, she welcomed all into her warm home with bird dog under foot and food on the stove. A visit with Mama Mama was always an adventure, as she might entertain by playing the piano by ear or put you to work on a flower cutting expedition, antique hunt, or tombstone search. Mary Eleanor helped establish the Hamp-ton County Historical Society, and was in-strumental in saving both the Bull Durham building and Estill’s first town hall. She loved Estill, and belonged to many clubs in-cluding Social Dozen (over 60 Years), Estill Music Club, was a founding member of Friendship Book Club and Monday Night Couples Bridge, and Thursday’s big and little supper clubs. A tireless civil servant, Mary Eleanor worked 30 years in the voting polls, Estill’s first zoning board, the community relations committee for the federal prison, and was a member of the Estill election committee. Her penchant for politics gave her ample op-portunity to educate people on what their platform ‘‘should be’’. She ran the U.S. Rep-resentative office in Estill from 1987 until 2003 for Arthur Ravenel, Jr., Floyd Spence, and Joe Wilson, maintaining her status as a staunch Democrat in a sea of beloved Repub-licans. She served on the Tricentennial book committee for Both Sides of the Swamp as well as assisted Coy Kelly Johnston in the book, Two Centuries of Lawtonville Baptists. During that time she indexed Lawtonville cemetery, scrubbing down gravestones along the way. She was predeceased by her loving husband Corrin Fitts Bowers and her grandson, Gra-ham Fontaine Solana. In addition to her children, she is survived by one brother, Rob-ert Graham ‘‘Bro’’ Wiggins III (Vivienne) of Estill, one aunt, Barbara F. Callahan of Warrenton, N.C., chosen daughter Geraldine Brantley, four nieces, seven nephews, and special cousin, Thomas Folk (Jan), as well as eighteen grand nieces and nephews. Funeral services will be 11 AM Saturday in the Lawtonville Baptist Church conducted by Rev. Jamie Norris and Rev. Noel Cooper with burial in the Lawtonville Cemetery in Estill, directed by Peeples-Rhoden Funeral Home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.035 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE596 May 7, 2018 
Visitation will be Friday from 5 to 7 PM at the home located at 680 Wyman Blvd. in Es-till. A reception will be held at the home fol-lowing the service. The family would like to thank her care-givers, Lottie Garvin and Roger Bryant for their faithful service. f 
IN HONOR OF THE 20TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE LIFE WITH CAN-CER LOBSTER EXTRAVAGANZA 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor philanthropic and community leaders Carolyn and Milt Peterson, and their children, Lauren Peterson, William ‘‘Rick’’ Peterson, Jon Peterson and Steven Peterson of Fairfax, Vir-ginia. This past Saturday, we celebrated the 20th Anniversary of the Life with Cancer An-nual Lobster Extravaganza, which is an annual fundraising event supporting the nonprofit or-ganization, Life with Cancer. Life with Cancer is a community support and education program for cancer patients and their families, offering creative, physical, and social outlets that improve quality of life for all those affected by cancer. Life With Can-cer’s mission is to help those affected by can-cer. I especially would like to recognize Carolyn Peterson, the Chair Emeritus of the Life With Cancer. Through knowing Carolyn’s story as a cancer survivor, we discover her love for life that can help each of us live a richer, more hope and love-filled life. With her strength and perseverance as a cancer survivor, Carolyn and her husband, Milt have opened their home for this annual fund-raiser that celebrates joy of friendship and to-getherness amidst a cancer diagnosis. I would like to personally commend Carolyn and Milt who inspire others through their dedication and generosity in service to their neighbors, friends, and even those they do not know. The Extravaganza is such a unique event, every year including a New England lobster bake dinner, live and silent auctions, and dancing, all to benefit thousands of individuals. I very much enjoyed the friendship shared this past weekend. Carolyn, Milt and the entire Peterson family are friends to so many throughout our commu-nity. Through their love for each other, they have shared their love for service. This year, Carolyn and Milt Peterson cele-brate the milestone of 60 wonderful years of marriage, turned into an amazing journey of service, positively influencing the lives of countless members of our community. I thank them for their work and I celebrate this year of many achievements, deserving of recognition from the U.S. House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize Carolyn and Milt Peterson and I sincerely hope that we all can live up to their tremen-dous example. HONORING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF NICOLE ANN CLARK HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Nicole Ann Clark for her strength and perseverance as a breast cancer survivor, as well as the dedication she has displayed by continuing to aid in the fight against breast cancer. She is a testament to the fact that hope ex-ists for all cancer patients and their loved ones. Nicole’s doctor found a tumor during a routine breast exam a little over five years ago. This was the beginning of a tough jour-ney for her and her husband, guided by faith and support from family and friends. With the recent news of a local breast can-cer walk discontinuing, Nicole wanted to start an event to help women with Breast Cancer and give women a reason for continuing to ex-ercise and stay healthy. Thus emerged Walk 4 Mountains, an inaugural event to give peace and comfort to women. Walk 4 Mountains was held this past Satur-day, May 5, 2018, with all proceeds benefiting the Loudoun Breast Health Network, Step Sis-ter’s and the Local Chapter of the American Cancer Society which will help to pay bills and take care of everyday activities for women di-agnosed with breast cancer. I sincerely thank her for her efforts in this fight. She is an inspiration to men and women everywhere, and her actions are truly honor-able. With the establishment of this event, Ms. Clark’s achievements and leadership will con-tinue to strengthen the fight against breast cancer now and in the future. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Ms. Nicole Clark’s loyal and dedicated service in spreading awareness and funding for the fight against breast cancer. On behalf of Virginia’s 10th District, I wish Ms. Ni-cole Clark all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GREG KING AND THE ARIZONA MEDICAL EYE UNIT 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Greg King and the Arizona Medical Eye Unit. The Arizona Medical Eye Unit (AMEU) was established in 1976 to deliver free, high quality medical eye care to under-served and rural communities across Arizona that have little to no access to eye care pro-fessionals. Ophthalmologists in Arizona volun-teer to staff the clinic and give back to the local community. The AMEU works with com-munity health centers, local schools, rural hos-pitals, elderly homes, and tribal communities throughout Arizona to reduce the burden of eye disease and improve quality of life throughout Arizona. Mr. King has served as the Director of the AMEU since 1978. He dedicated his career to ensuring all Arizonans have access to eye care and he travelled to nearly every corner of our great state to achieve his goals. In the process, he developed unique knowledge of the eye-care needs of communities all over Arizona. By leading by example and inspiring others to give back, he always has a trained professional willing to staff the AMEU and pro-vide services. Mr. King has been essential to the success of the program and changed the lives of countless Arizonans. I thank Mr. King for his years of dedicated service and the AMEU team that works to serve Arizonans across the state. f 
IN HONOR OF NATIONAL NURSING HOME WEEK 2018 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the National Skilled Nursing Week, formerly known as National Nursing Home Week, May 13–19, and recognize our Veterans at the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care Sys-tem (CAVHCS). The American Health Care Association es-tablished the National Nursing Home Week in 1967 and this year’s theme is ‘‘Celebrating Life’s Stories.’’ Each nursing home center will collect stories on each individuals’ personal story. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing this special week and thanking all of our Vet-erans in Alabama. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FOUNDING OF WEST POINT BAPTIST CHURCH IN JACKSONVILLE, ALABAMA 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 7, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the founding of West Point Baptist Church located in Jacksonville, Alabama. The church was founded on May 19, 1918, by 21 men and women. They first held their services in the West Point School building. When the school abandoned this structure in 1931, the congregation bought and remodeled it. This building was used until 1967 when they constructed a new red brick veneer struc-ture on that site. The red brick building was enlarged and adapted to meet the need of a growing church family. Sadly, this building was totally destroyed by a tornado on March 19, 2018. Although the building can no longer be used for worship, the church family continues to grow in spirit and increase in numbers. The current pastor, Reverend Ronny J. Moore has served at West Point Baptist since March of 2011. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating the congregation of West Point Baptist Church on the 100th Anniversary. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY8.036 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE597 May 7, 2018 
1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 8, 2018 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
MAY 9 9:30 a.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Gina Haspel, of Kentucky, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SH–219. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense. SD–192 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine the law en-forcement programs at the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service, coordination with other Fed-eral, state, and local law enforcement, and the effects on rural communities. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘America’s Water Infra-structure Act of 2018’’. SD–406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Jonathan R. Cohen, of Cali-fornia, to be the Deputy Representa-tive of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and the Deputy Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations, and to be Representa-tive of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during his ten-ure of service as Deputy Representa-tive of the United States of America to the United Nations, Joseph Cella, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Fiji, and to serve concur-rently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Kiribati, the Republic of Nauru, the Kingdom of Tonga, and Tuvalu, and David B. Cornstein, of New York, to be Ambassador to Hungary, all of the De-partment of State, Eliot Pedrosa, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-Amer-ican Development Bank, and Jackie Wolcott, of Virginia, to be Representa-tive of the United States of America to the International Atomic Energy Agen-cy, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be Representative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Or-egon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, J. Campbell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ari-zona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on the state of elec-tions and fundamental freedoms in Azerbaijan. SVC–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Veterans Affairs. SD–124 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy To hold hearings to examine a multilat-eral and strategic response to inter-national predatory economic practices. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management To hold an oversight hearing to examine United States spending in Afghanistan. SD–342 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior. SD–628 3:30 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To receive a briefing on the murder of in-vestigative journalists. SVC–215 MAY 10 9:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Interior. SD–138 Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Lisa Porter, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, James N. Stewart, of North Carolina, to be an Assistant Secretary, James H. Ander-son, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Gregory J. Slavonic, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of the Navy, all of the Depart-ment of Defense, and Charles P. Verdon, of California, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator for Defense Programs, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion, Department of Energy. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Commerce. SD–192 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Health and Human Services. SD–124 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine modernizing development finance. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 2559, to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty, and the nominations of Mark Jeremy Ben-nett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Nancy E. Brasel, and Eric C. Tostrud, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota, Robert R. Summerhays, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Michael J. Truncale, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Cheryl A. Lydon, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina, Sonya K. Chavez, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Mex-ico, Scott E. Kracl, to be United States Marshal for the District of Nebraska, and J. C. Raffety, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of West Virginia, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 MAY 15 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions To hold hearings to examine oversight reports on the 340B Drug Pricing Pro-gram. SD–430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M07MY8.000 E07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE598 May 7, 2018 
2:30 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine authorities and resources needed to protect and se-cure the United States. SD–342 MAY 16 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine safety and security at Bureau of Indian Education schools. SD–628 MAY 21 5 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A MAY 22 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 11 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel Business meeting to markup those provi-sions which fall under the subcommit-tee’s jurisdiction of the proposed Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SH–216 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 4:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A 5:15 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces Closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the sub-committee’s jurisdiction of the pro-posed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–232A MAY 23 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to markup the proposed National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 MAY 24 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State. SD–419 MAY 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Closed business meeting to continue to markup the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SR–222 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:06 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M07MY8.000 E07MYPT1
D481 Monday, May 7, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2505–S2531 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2791–2797, and S. Res. 501.
                                                                  Page S2517 
Measures Reported: S. 2349, to direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to establish an interagency working group to study Federal efforts to collect data on sexual violence and to make recommenda-tions on the harmonization of such efforts. (S. Rept. No. 115–238) S. 2400, to eliminate or modify certain audit mandates of the Government Accountability Office. (S. Rept. No. 115–239) S. 995, to provide for equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Res-ervation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–240) S. 2680, to address the opioid crisis, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S2516–17 
Measures Passed: Improving Access to Behavioral Health Informa-tion Technology Act: Committee on Finance was dis-charged from further consideration of S. 1732, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                       Page S2528 
McConnell (for Whitehouse/Portman) Amendment No. 2241, of a perfecting nature.
                     Page S2528 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, the text of an Agreement between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Brit-ain and Northern Ireland for Cooperation in Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. (PM–33)                                                                                     Pages S2515–16 
Engelhardt Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit.
                          Pages S2507–10 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 64 yeas to 31 nays (Vote No. 86), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2510 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 2:30 p.m., on Tuesday, May 8, 2018; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morn-ing business and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination.
                                                   Page S2528 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Roy Kalman Altman, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida. Thomas P. Barber, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida. Kim Gaffney, of Wisconsin, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Wisconsin for the term of four years. Richard A. Hertling, of Maryland, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. Denny Wade King, of Tennessee, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of Tennessee for the term of four years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD482 May 7, 2018 
Susan Llewellyn Pamerleau, of Texas, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Texas for the term of four years. A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Cir-cuit. Barrett W. Rich, of Tennessee, to be United States Marshal for the Western District of Tennessee for the term of four years. Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit. Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Florida. Rodney Smith, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida. Richard J. Sullivan, of New York, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Second Circuit. Richard E. Taylor, Jr., of Texas, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Texas for the term of four years. T. Kent Wetherell II, of Florida, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida. Nick Willard, of New Hampshire, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Hampshire for the term of four years. 4 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 3 Army nominations in the rank of general. 3 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S2529–31 Messages from the House:                                 Page S2516 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2516 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S2516, S2528 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2516 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2517 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2517–18 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S2518 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2515–27 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S2527 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2527 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—86)
                                                                   Page S2510 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:24 p.m., until 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday, May 8, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2528.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Christopher Krebs, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Homeland Security for National Protection and Programs, and David Williams, of Il-linois, and Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, both to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5677–5696; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 871, 873–875 were introduced.
      Pages H3781–82 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H3783 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4738, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to provide complaint and burden of proof requirements for certain actions for breach of fiduciary duty (H. Rept. 115–662, Part 1); H.R. 4785, to prohibit the consolidated audit trail from accepting personally identifying informa-tion, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–663); and H. Res. 872, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5645) to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the At-torney General exercises such authority; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2152) to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the Department of Justice, which use such funds for pretrial services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D483 May 7, 2018 
programs, to submit to the Attorney General a re-port relating to such program, and for other pur-poses; and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 57) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Oppor-tunity Act’’ (H. Rept. 115–664).
                     Page H3781 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Thornberry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3751 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:10 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H3752 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:06 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H3753 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act: H.R. 4910, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 388 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 167; 
                                                                Pages H3753–55, H3761–62 
Servicemember Family Burial Act: H.R. 4335, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for headstones and markers for, and inter-ment in national cemeteries of, deceased spouses and dependent children of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 389 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 168; 
                                                                      Pages H3755–56, H3763 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4040 West Washington Boulevard in Los Angeles, California, as the Marvin Gaye Post Office’’: H.R. 1496, amended, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4040 West Washington Boulevard in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’;
                                                                           Page H3756 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los An-geles, California, as the ‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’.’’; 
                                                                                            Page H3756 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Wil-liams Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4301, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’;
                                                             Pages H3756–57 Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Vet-erans Memorial Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Vet-erans Memorial Post Office Building’’;
          Page H3757 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3757–58 
Designating the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’: H.R. 4840, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’.
   Pages H3758–60 
Securely Expediting Clearances Through Report-ing Transparency Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3210, to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations.
                                 Pages H3760–61 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:26 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H3761 
Oath of Office—Eighth Congressional District of Arizona: Representative-elect Debbie Lesko pre-sented herself in the well of the House and was ad-ministered the Oath of Office by the Speaker. Ear-lier, the Clerk of the House transmitted a facsimile copy of the Certificate of Election received from the Honorable Michele Reagan, Arizona Secretary of State, indicating that, at the Special Election held on April 24, 2018, the Honorable Debbie Lesko was elected Representative to Congress for the 8th Con-gressional District, State of Arizona.
       Pages H3762–63 
Whole Number of the House: The Speaker an-nounced to the House that, in light of the adminis-tration of the oath to the gentlewoman from Ari-zona, the whole number of the House is 429. 
                                                                                            Page H3763 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted the text of a pro-posed Agreement for Cooperation between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD484 May 7, 2018 
Government of the United Kingdom of Great Brit-ain and Northern Ireland Concerning Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy, as well as his written approval, authorization, and determination concerning the Agreement, and an unclassified Nuclear Proliferation Assessment Statement concerning the Agreement— referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–115).
       Page H3761 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3762, H3763. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:42 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies held a markup on the FY 2019 Energy and Water Devel-opment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. CITIZENS’ RIGHT TO KNOW ACT OF 2018; STANDARD MERGER AND ACQUISITION REVIEWS THROUGH EQUAL RULES ACT OF 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF THE RULE SUBMITTED BY BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION RELATING TO INDIRECT AUTO LENDING AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE EQUAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITY ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2152, the ‘‘Citizens’ Right to Know Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5645, the ‘‘Standard Merger and Ac-quisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2018’’; and S.J. Res. 57, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Oppor-tunity Act. The Committee granted, by record vote of 8–4, a structured rule for H.R. 5645. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only the amendment printed in the Rules Committee re-port, if offered by the Member designated in the re-port, which shall be considered as read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consid-eration of H.R. 2152 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill, shall be con-sidered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Finally, in section 3, the rule pro-vides for the consideration of S.J. Res. 57 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the joint resolution. The rule provides one motion to commit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Hensarling, and Representatives Foster, Marino, and Cicilline. 
Joint Meetings 
FIGHTING HUMAN TRAFFICKING IN TRAVEL AND TOURISM Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on fighting human traf-ficking in travel and tourism from Tracey Breeden, Uber, Nancy Rivard, Airline Ambassadors, Carol Smolenski, End Child Trafficking and Pornography (ECPAT), USA, and Craig Kalkut, American Hotel and Lodging Association, all of Washington, D.C. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D441) 
S. 167, to designate a National Memorial to Fall-en Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. Signed on April 30, 2018. (Public Law 115–169) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D485 May 7, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, MAY 8, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Homeland Security, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Library of Congress and the Architect of the Capitol, 2:45 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: to receive a closed briefing on the Niger investigation and report, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine an update on the safe inte-gration of unmanned aircraft systems into the airspace, 10:15 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the current status of Puerto Rico’s electric grid and proposals for the future operation of the grid, 10 a.m., SD–366. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine insulin access and affordability, focusing on the rising cost of treatment, 10 a.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill; and the FY 2019 Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioid Epidemic: Implications for the Federal Employees’ Com-pensation Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Com-bating the Opioid Epidemic: Examining Concerns About Distribution and Diversion’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Coordination and Quality of Substance Use Disorder Treatment’’, 1 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Shar-ing the Road: Policy Implications of Electric and Conven-tional Vehicles in the Years Ahead’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Confronting the Iranian Challenge’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Challenges and Solutions in the Opioid Abuse Crisis’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 221, the ‘‘Hydrographic Services Improvement Amendments Act’’; H.R. 1791, the ‘‘Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Act’’; H.R. 2591, the ‘‘Modernizing the Pittman-Robertson Fund for Tomor-row’s Needs Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3535, the ‘‘Ruffey Rancheria Restoration Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4032, the ‘‘Gila River Indian Community Federal Rights-of-Way, Easements and Boundary Clarification Act’’; H.R. 4506, the ‘‘Jobs for Tribes Act’’; H.R. 4689, to authorize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska; H.R. 5317, to repeal section 2141 of the Re-vised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alco-hol manufacturing on Indian lands; and H.R. 5655, the ‘‘Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Progress Report on the 2020 Census’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 3053, the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Leveraging Blockchain Technology to Improve Supply Chain Management and Combat Counterfeit Goods’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Trav-el and Tourism: A Small Business Angle’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Blue Technologies: Use of New Mari-time Technologies to Improve Efficiency and Mission Per-formance’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, business meeting to assign new member to subcommittees; and markup on pending legislation, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘VA Logistics Modernization: Examining the RTLS and Catamaran Projects’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘The Current Status of and Quality in the Medicare Advantage Program’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-ceive a briefing on ending the war in Ukraine, 2 p.m., SD–106. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 8 through May 11, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Louisiana, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD486 May 7, 2018 
to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Cir-cuit, post-cloture. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: May 8, Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. May 8, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2019 for the Library of Congress and the Architect of the Capitol, 2:45 p.m., SD–124. May 9, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense, 10 a.m., SD–192. May 9, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. May 10, Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of the Interior, 9:30 a.m., SD–138. May 10, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Commerce, 10 a.m., SD–192. May 10, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the De-partment of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: May 8, to receive a closed briefing on the Niger investigation and report, 10 a.m., SVC–217. May 10, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Lisa Porter, of Virginia, to be a Dep-uty Under Secretary, James N. Stewart, of North Caro-lina, to be an Assistant Secretary, James H. Anderson, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Gregory J. Sla-vonic, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, all of the Department of Defense, and Charles P. Verdon, of California, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs, National Nuclear Security Administra-tion, Department of Energy, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 8, Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Se-curity, to hold hearings to examine an update on the safe integration of unmanned aircraft systems into the air-space, 10:15 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 8, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the current status of Puerto Rico’s electric grid and proposals for the future operation of the grid, 10 a.m., SD–366. May 9, Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining, to hold hearings to examine the law enforcement programs at the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service, coordination with other Federal, state, and local law enforcement, and the effects on rural commu-nities, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 9, to hold hearings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: May 9, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, to be the Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and the Deputy Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations, and to be Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during his tenure of service as Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, Joseph Cella, of Michi-gan, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Fiji, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Kiribati, the Republic of Nauru, the Kingdom of Tonga, and Tuvalu, and David B. Cornstein, of New York, to be Ambassador to Hun-gary, all of the Department of State, Eliot Pedrosa, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank, and Jackie Wolcott, of Virginia, to be Representative of the United States of America to the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambas-sador, 10 a.m., SD–419. May 9, Subcommittee on Multilateral International Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hearings to examine a multilateral and strategic response to international predatory economic practices, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. May 10, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine modernizing development finance, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: May 9, Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold an oversight hearing to examine United States spending in Afghanistan, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: May 9, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: May 9, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Or-egon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, J. Campbell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D487 May 7, 2018 District of Texas, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the East-ern District of Pennsylvania, and Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 10, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 2559, to amend title 17, United States Code, to imple-ment the Marrakesh Treaty, and the nominations of Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Nancy E. Brasel, and Eric C. Tostrud, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota, Robert R. Summerhays, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Mi-chael J. Truncale, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Wendy Vitter, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Cheryl A. Lydon, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina, Sonya K. Chavez, to be United States Marshal for the District of New Mexico, Scott E. Kracl, to be United States Marshal for the District of Nebraska, and J. C. Raffety, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of West Virginia, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 8, to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. May 9, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Gina Haspel, of Kentucky, to be Di-rector of the Central Intelligence Agency; to be imme-diately followed by a closed session in SH–219, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Special Committee on Aging: May 8, to hold hearings to examine insulin access and affordability, focusing on the rising cost of treatment, 10 a.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, May 9, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing en-titled ‘‘American Indian/Alaska Native Public Wit-nesses’’, 9 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. May 9, Subcommittee on Defense, budget hearing enti-tled ‘‘Member Day’’, 10:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. May 9, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian/ Alaska Native Public Witnesses’’, 1 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. May 9, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agen-cies, markup on the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies FY 2019 Appropriations Bill, 4 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. May 9, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, markup on the FY 2019 Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill, 5 p.m., 2362–B Rayburn. May 10, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian/ Alaska Native Public Witnesses’’, 9 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. May 10, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 10 a.m., HT–2 Capitol. May 10, Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘American Indian/ Alaska Native Public Witnesses’’, 1 p.m., 2007 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, May 9, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, May 10, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘FY19 Budget: Members’ Day’’, 9 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, May 9, Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce Develop-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Closing the Skills Gap: Private sector solutions for America’s workforce’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 10, Sub-committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the State of Electric Transmission Infrastructure: Investment, Planning, Construction, and Alternatives’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 9, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5105, the ‘‘BUILD Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5141, the ‘‘United States-Israel Security Assistance Au-thorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5433, the ‘‘Hack Your State Department Act’’; H.R. 5535, the ‘‘Energy Diplo-macy Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5677, the ‘‘International Secu-rity Assistance Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5681, the ‘‘Glob-al Engagement Center Authorities Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 9, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Glob-al Human Rights, and International Organizations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Protecting Civil Society, Faith-Based Actors, and Political Speech in Sub-Saharan Africa’’, 1:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, May 9, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the FIRST STEP Act; and leg-islation on the Protect and Serve Act of 2018, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 9, Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administrative Rules; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Program Integrity for the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 9, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the Department of Energy for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, May 9, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ready, Willing, and Able to Work: How Small Businesses Empower People with Develop-mental Disabilities’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD488 May 7, 2018 Committee on Ways and Means, May 9, Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Jobs and Oppor-tunity: Legislative Options to Address the Jobs Gap’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: May 8, to receive a briefing on ending the war in Ukraine, 2 p.m., SD–106. May 9, Full Committee, to receive a briefing on the state of elections and fundamental freedoms in Azer-baijan, 10:30 a.m., SVC–215. May 9, Full Committee, to receive a briefing on the murder of investigative journalists, 3:30 p.m., SVC–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D489 May 7, 2018 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 39 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 177 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through April 30, 2018 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 66 62 . . Time in session ................................... 381 hrs., 16 ′ 250 hrs., 27′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 2,501 3,744 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 571 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 15 54 69 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . 1 1 Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 169 207 376 Senate bills .................................. 28 14 . . House bills .................................. 43 138 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 2 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 2 1 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 9 11 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 85 43 . . Measures reported, total ...................... * 86 174 260 Senate bills .................................. 46 5 . . House bills .................................. 33 147 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . Simple resolutions ....................... 7 22 . . Special reports ..................................... 2 3 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 226 66 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 665 1,158 1,823 Bills ............................................. 516 936 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 9 9 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 6 22 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 134 191 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 1 2 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 85 121 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 43 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through April 30, 2018 
Civilian nominations, totaling 409 (including 146 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 137 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 266 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 6 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 747 (including 2 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 420 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 327 Air Force nominations, totaling 1,432 (including 76 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,397 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 35 Army nominations, totaling 2,928 (including 12 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,783 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 145 Navy nominations, totaling 168 (including 11 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 141 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 27 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,326, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,181 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 145 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 247 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 6,763 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 6,059 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 945 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 6 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD490 May 7, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2:30 p.m., Tuesday, May 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Kurt D. Engelhardt, of Lou-isiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, post-cloture. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, May 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of S.J. Res. 57— Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘In-direct Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’ (Subject to a Rule). Begin con-sideration of H.R. 5645—Standard Merger and Acquisi-tion Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 2152—Citizens’ Right to Know Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under sus-pension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E587 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E593 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E588, E590, E593 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E596, E596 Demings, Val Butler, Fla., E589 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E588, E591, E594 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E592 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E589 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E589, E594 Hurd, Will, Tex., E588, E592 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E589 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E588, E593 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E590 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E592 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E588, E591 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E594 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E590 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E587 Posey, Bill, Fla., E591 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E596, E596 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E596 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E592 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E589, E593 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E587 Welch, Peter, Vt., E591 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E588, E595 Young, David, Iowa, E587, E588, E590, E592, E594 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 May 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07MY8.REC D07MYPT1